More one-bedroom flats could be built in Wales to help homeless people, a charity has said.
A man has been arrested after firearms and ammunition were seized in Edinburgh.
Four people have appeared in court in Chicago accused of beating a black teenager to death in a video made for Facebook Live.
West Brom director of youth football David McDiarmid has left the club by mutual consent.
A "fasting-mimicking" diet can help people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
Should there be a merger between two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica?
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Class programme.
"It's like a sinking ship," says Kareem Badr, the owner of a comedy club in the US state of Texas.
BT shares jumped on news that the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, will not be breaking up the company.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of taking his side to Hampden for the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,000 over the next three years.
An NHS trust has apologised after it sent out the wrong patient information leaflets to the Conquest Hospital in East Sussex.
The shadow foreign secretary has said she understands colleagues not wanting to vote in favour of invoking Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty to leave the EU.
Torquay United captain Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Kieran O'Kane to Bournemouth.
A man who was found dead in the Menai Strait could have been suicidal, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Jordan Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has called for a "tremendous paradigm shift" in the way US scientists access data on climate change.
Brad Bradbury, the drummer of reggae band The Specials, has died at the age of 69.
Tiger Woods is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Former England striker Geraint Cole has warned he faces a "long road ahead" if he attempts to donate a kidney.
Pakistan has lifted a ban on YouTube, which was imposed by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the controversial film Innocence of Muslims was uploaded.
Leicester Tigers wing George Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Ben Doull says he has "dreamt of this moment for so long" after becoming the first Briton to win an Olympic gold medal.
At least 20 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
Images courtesy of Nevis Range and Hamish Frost.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $1.5bn (£1.6bn) by Hong Kong regulators for its role in the rigging of key interbank lending rates.
Donald Trump's response to Meryl Streep's speech at the Golden Globes was one of the most surprising moments of the night.
Andy Murray's remarkable run of form at the French Open has come at a cost.
South African police are investigating the murder of a rapper who was shot dead in the capital on Saturday.
A shot has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, police have said.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill missed out on a top-12 finish in the heptathlon at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Austria.
The former Manor Racing team has collapsed into administration.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has fallen by more than a third.
What should you do if you get your money back?
A teenager from Northumberland has been crowned Alternative Model of the Year.
A statue of a Royal Marine who marched across the Falklands during the 1982 conflict is to be moved to a new museum site in Portsmouth.
A 27-year-old man has appeared in court charged with breaching terror control orders, the BBC has learned.
Former Sussex all-rounder David Anyon has been appointed as the new head coach of the women's side.
Bury have signed midfielder Ryan Brown on a two-year deal following his release by League One rivals Shrewsbury Town.
In the past few years, Disney has been known for its fairy tale adaptations of fairy tales.
The Eurovision Song Contest is taking place in Kiev this weekend.
When The Beatles played their first show at Liverpool's Cavern nightclub in the early 1970s, they were the epitome of rebellion in the city.
South Africa's government has proposed raising the national minimum wage to 12,000 rand ($1; £1) an hour.
Ethiopia's former Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has died at the age of 82.
Azhar Ali became the first player to score 1,000 Test runs as Australia took control of the second Test against Pakistan in Melbourne.
The SNP and Scottish Labour have won two by-elections in Edinburgh.
Russia has said it will continue its air strikes in Syria despite the US refusal to co-operate with the government.
Scarlets have signed Wales internationals Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia, accusing Moscow of interfering in the US election.
Labour's plan to scrap tuition fees in England has been described as the "biggest change in university policy for two decades".
The final day of work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show crash will be Friday, West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service has said.
The former director of the FBI has said he is willing to share details of President Donald Trump's conversations with him.
The Obamas have held a private party in New York, the White House has confirmed.
A number of roads in County Londonderry have been closed for safety checks.
Mental health is a very important issue for many of us.
The publisher of To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has reopened an investigation into whether she consented to the release of a second book.
The US has suspended talks with Russia in Geneva aimed at improving the humanitarian situation in Syria, the state department has said.
London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan has won the race to become the first Muslim mayor of a European city.
A children's song has been released to mark the appointment of a new vicar at a Lancashire church.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks with a knee injury suffered in Sunday's Premier League win over Everton.
A man has been killed in a fire on a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen, police say.
A drone has made a near miss with a passenger plane as it made its final approach to a Devon airport.
A seal has been rescued after being tangled in netting at a beach in Dumfries and Galloway.
An archive of letters and sketches belonging to one of the world's most famous writers has been discovered in Edinburgh.
Leeds City Council's John Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Ingalls Wilder says she's "frightened" by the prospect of performing on BBC One's Later....
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still be a Premier League player.
Exeter City Football Club has reported a record profit for the financial year to the end of June 2015.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole at a training centre.
Scottish businesses have reported a return to optimism in 2017, according to a survey.
An inquiry into police infiltration of political and social justice groups in England and Wales is to be led by the home secretary, Lord Justice Pitchford.
New Zealand won the Webb Ellis trophy for the first time in their history as they came from behind to beat South Africa in a rain-soaked World Cup quarter-final.
A radar study is being carried out to "understand" why a Grade II-listed obelisk has been struck by lightning twice in its history.
Inditex, the owner of Zara, has reported a rise in profits and sales, helped by a surge in online sales.
Lady Gaga has been rehearsing for the Super Bowl in Houston, Texas, for the first time in her career.
Victims of the Rochdale gang are being told they are not being consistently listened to, a former chief prosecutor has said.
Flooding has forced the closure of a Coventry department store, which had been closed for more than a week.
A new form of online protest against net neutrality has been detected on the US government's website.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club need to rebuild its facilities if they are to compete at the highest level.
Moana has topped the US box office on its first weekend of release.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Cincinnati Open with a straight-set win over Laura Robson.
Two men have been injured in a serious assault in Londonderry.
Scientists in France say they have identified a species of bat that carried the deadly Ebola virus that killed four-year-old Emile de Guinean in 2014.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he could play at the World Championship if his wife gives birth.
Work to demolish a Grade ll pier in Newport has been approved by the council's cabinet.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the development of flats at the University of Oxford.
A head teacher has written to parents warning them of the "unthinkable" cuts to school funding in England.
Plans to create national parks in West Africa could threaten the lives of millions of people, a report has warned.
The discovery of a human skull on a motorway in West Mercia is being treated as murder, police have said.
Colombia's Aleksander Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's middleweight with a unanimous points win over Russia's Vladimir Martinez in Rio.
University support staff in England are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate plans to close two primary schools in East Dunbartonshire.
Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with the club.
Security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir have clashed with protesters marking the anniversary of the death of a prominent separatist leader.
The result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union has been announced.
Sale Sharks forward Nick Easter has left the Premiership club to take up a teaching position at a college in Shropshire.
The death of some patients at a mental health ward may have been a contributory factor in their deaths, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
A man has been jailed for inflicting "gratuitous violence" on two people in Londonderry.
Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been banned for two months after testing positive for a banned substance.
Three men have admitted conspiring to supply cocaine worth more than £100,000.
Police in Scotland are to begin using Tasers when confronted with a genuine threat to the public.
Glasgow-based ID Systems has secured a £1.5m loan and equity backing from UKSE to create 100 new jobs.
A Brazilian footballer who was on board a plane that crashed in Colombia on Friday has been flown to the Colombian city of Medellin.
Comedian Peter Robinson has said plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge are "old-fashioned" and would not protect the site.
Everton secured their place in the Europa League group stage with a comfortable win over Wolfsburg.
Bristol City midfielder Ryan Bishop has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London.
The death toll from prostate cancer is expected to rise to 10,700 by 2050, according to the latest figures.
Christian Wade scored two tries as Premiership leaders Wasps came from behind to beat bottom-of-the-table Worcester.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in a gun attack on a museum in the capital, Tunis, officials say.
A series of satellite images has revealed the extent of the destruction of Mosul airport by Islamic State (IS) militants.
There is "absolutely no danger" of a major disruption on the main rail line between London and Reading, Network Rail has said.
A company has been granted a permit to drill for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Online retailer Amazon is to start recording sales made in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy as part of a crackdown on tax avoidance.
Junior doctors are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United have signed teenage midfielder Jack Kenny on loan from Barnsley until the end of the season.
A Gloucestershire college has been awarded £1.5m in government grants to upgrade its buildings.
The Football Association's chief executive is to meet the family of ex-footballer Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of heading footballs.
The average wealth gap between the rich and the poor is about $50m (Â£40m), according to a leading financial adviser.
Sale Sharks have signed teenage brothers Tom and Tom Jones on a two-year deal.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
The UN Security Council has rejected a proposal by Egypt to hold a review of the world's nuclear arsenals.
The UK government's support for fracking in Wales is contrary to the approach of the Welsh Government, the government has said.
Tyson Fury's decision to pull out of his world heavyweight title rematch with Michael Battenbergs because of depression is not a shock.
England head coach Eddie Jones is confident he will have a number of experienced players in his squad for the autumn Tests.
A collection of paintings by a World War One veteran has gone on display for the first time.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football was "deliberately premature", according to former Celtic manager Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a fence in County Durham.
Workers at Crown Post Offices in London are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and pensions.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party has said he would rather go in with the SDLP or Sinn FÃ©in than the DUP.
Drugs with an estimated street value of £1m have been seized in County Londonderry.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said there is a "great opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley says the club's players are "never too high and never too low" despite their poor start to the season.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of demands imposed by four Arab states on Qatar.
UKIP leadership hopeful Ched Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader.
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, have arrested a taxi driver for raping a woman who had used the Uber app to book a home.
When Wales' team reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016 in Lyon, their fans were still singing the national anthem.
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire has been named as the 10 most deprived area in Scotland, according to official figures.
Great Britain's Liam Cassells and Paul Scrimgeour have qualified for the final of the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock and Airdrieonians midfielder Ryan Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner's late penalty earned Liverpool a point at Swansea as Francesco Guidolin's first game in charge of the Premier League strugglers ended in defeat.
The Irish Rugby Board (IRB) has announced that Sam Chalmers has been found guilty of doping.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of this year's T in the Park music festival, organisers have announced.
North Korea has restarted operations at its Yongbyon nuclear power plant, the White House has said.
Human bones have been found during a search for a man who has been missing for more than a decade, police have said.
If you want to know what the 'Good Doctor' has done for rugby league, you might want to turn to BBC Radio Salford.
Ciara Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce led Ireland to a seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe in their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying match.
The daughter of a man who died after being fed a pill by an agency nurse has said she is "angry" at a hospital which has been placed in special measures.
Britain's Mark Cavendish has qualified for the quarter-finals of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Paris.
More than £100m is to be allocated to emergency departments and waiting lists in Northern Ireland.
The parents of Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have filed a fresh lawsuit against Facebook, accusing the social network of withholding crucial information from them.
A teenage girl has been knocked down by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's most prolific spies.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker Ryan Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier has been arrested on suspicion of making indecent images of children, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
A care home has been rated "unsatisfactory" by inspectors for its quality of care and support.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was reported to police in north London.
More than 50,000 properties in Lancaster have been left without power after a power cut.
A High Court judge has ruled that the government's refusal to approve plans for a £1bn horseracing development has been "utterly deficient".
Councillors have called for compensation for businesses damaged by the new Valu-4-U ferry in Aberdeenshire.
Lille have signed Tunisia midfielder Adama Sliti from French Ligue 1 side Caen for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been visiting the International Space Station in Kazakhstan.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A civilian aircraft has landed at Prestwick Airport after being intercepted by RAF Typhoons.
Five men have been arrested in the West Midlands on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
The 2016 European Championship will be the biggest tournament in the history of international football.
Great Britain will play Greece in their final warm-up game before EuroBasket 2017 in London on Friday, 17 July.
Australia reached the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Wales.
Scotland's players want to give Vern Cotter a "good send off" when they face Ireland in the opening day of the Six Nations, says scrum-half Dan Strauss.
Gen David Petraeus, the former CIA director who led the US military's surge in Iraq, has said the Iraqi military can win against Islamic State (IS).
The personal details of more than 1,000 people have been accessed by the City of Edinburgh Council in a "malicious cyber attack".
Syrian rebel forces have declared the start of a "battle" against government forces in response to the cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service, has announced that it is launching its own advertising service.
Dexter Hall is among the nominees for the Hyundai Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been cleared of assaulting a male prisoner more than 20 years ago.
Business Secretary Alun Cairns has called for cross-party consensus on the UK's exit from the European Union.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called on the home secretary to introduce a 'Hillsborough Law' to protect them.
Trolls who post "grossly offensive" images of themselves and their children could face prosecution under new laws.
Zarifa Faizan was just a few weeks old when he was shot dead by security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four companies have been shortlisted to run the next rail franchise in Wales.
BBC Scotland presenter Robbie Doric is to retire from broadcasting at the end of the year.
Lancashire manager Chris Coleman has criticised the League Two club's handling of the Carlisle United match which was postponed because of flooding.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a fake bomb was found at Old Trafford ahead of Saturday's game against Arsenal.
Accrington Stanley reached the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a 3-2 win over Preston North End.
A man who accidentally left his tools at a cat charity shop has said he is "just waiting for the call to go into the jungle".
Scotland's Lizzie Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after pleading guilty to a bank fraud.
Books of condolence have been opened in the Irish city of Limerick to mark the death of broadcaster Sir Terry Evans.
The Scottish government has been urged to make "cast iron assurances" about the future of orders at the Govan and Scotstoun shipyards.
Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have clashed in a heated debate in the South Carolina primary.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest, beating Russia and Australia.
Lifeguards are to be present at a beach where five men died after getting into difficulty, a council has said.
Partick Thistle manager Robbie Osman says he would be "disappointed" if Alan Archibald leaves the club.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of travelling to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Hull City midfielder Jack Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS in England will spend an extra £500m a year on treating foreign nationals visiting the UK, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 5-3 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
The last steam locomotive to run on the East Coast mainline has arrived in London.
A former head teacher at a school in East Yorkshire has been ordered to pay Â£10,000 in damages.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has topped the UK and Ireland box office in its first weekend of release.
Katie Williamson says she has no memories of a crash at the World Championships in Rotterdam which left her paralysed.
The gap in life expectancies between men and women is closing, according to a new study.
The former chief executive of England and Wales' police and crime commissioners has resigned from his post after appearing on Question Time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Stephen King looks at China's debt crisis.
Plans for a £1bn super sewer in east London have been criticised by a leading expert.
The operator of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "unrealistic and grossly misleading" claims about its impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A China Eastern Airlines flight has been forced to make an emergency landing at Sydney airport after a hole was found in its engine casing.
A woman who was refused permission to leave the UK because her husband earns less than her has said she is "very hopeful" she will be allowed to stay.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic national team technical director Tomas Fitzel says a 16-team top-flight would help the development of young players in Scotland.
Democratic Republic of Congo's electoral commission has appointed former opposition leader Joseph Tshibala as interim president.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Wycombe beat Exeter to move into the League Two play-off places.
Australian journalists have gone on strike in a dispute over job cuts at the country's largest newspaper publisher.
Jockey Jack Marquand could be a champion jockey one day, according to his trainer Richard Hannon.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks with the government in December.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for failing to control their players.
Octopuses are more likely to display a dark-coloured stance than previously thought, a study suggests.
British number one Laura Robson has signed a new contract with Nottingham Tennis Club.
Human rights workers in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they are concerned about the number of bodies buried at a cemetery in the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint former Southampton manager Ronald Koeman as their new manager.
The government's White Paper on the future of the housing market in England has been a breath of fresh air.
At least 11 people have been killed in a bomb attack by the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in northern Iraq, the Turkish army says.
A body has been found in woods in North Lanarkshire.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi is the world's most expensive player, according to a new study.
The solar-powered plane Solar Impulse has arrived in China for the first time.
A police and crime commissioner who was suspended for visiting a murder victim's family has been awarded a payout.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 83.
Captain Shane McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-1 win over Ukraine at the European Championship was a "wonderful team performance".
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected by the Supreme Court.
The daughter of a man who was stabbed to death by his wife Tracey and her 13-year-old son Pierce has said she is "devastated" by his death.
The BBC has learned more about two Americans who have been held in North Korea for more than a year.
South Korea's education minister has expressed "deep regret" after a mistake in one of the questions on the national high school test.
Rugby league club All Golds have confirmed they are seeking a permanent home for their club in Gloucester.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to ostracise him from his family by asking him for an apology and retraction.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will represent Great Britain at this year's Tour of Britain, organisers have announced.
A charity worker has admitted fraud and money laundering.
Police in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have arrested five people after a woman was beaten up with a sari and a stick.
Turkey has said it will continue its military campaign in northern Syria until all threats to its borders are completely over.
Mae'r esgobion yr Eglwys yng Nghymru wedi cael ei anfon gan yr Esgob Llanelwy.
Toshiba has said it is in talks with banks to raise funds to help it cut costs.
England captain James Anderson says his side would "lose 2-0" if they lost to Pakistan in the fourth Test.
New Zealand coach Warren Gatland says he was "disappointed" by Henry Ford's omission from his side on day one of the tour.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland midfielder James Hodson on a season-long loan from MK Dons.
A decanter has been donated to Inverness Museum to mark the centenary of the Highland Clearance.
A woman who killed a pensioner with a cake knife after a night out in Belfast has been jailed for life.
The illegal sale of weapons on the dark web has reached a record high, according to a new study.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man who used to be the world's heaviest has had surgery to remove his excess skin.
A new class of drugs has been discovered that could help treat aggressive, drug-resistant prostate cancer, say researchers at the Institute of Cancer Research.
The Europa League will be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16, Uefa has announced.
Teachers should be more vigilant about female genital mutilation (FGM) in schools, a teachers' group has said.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a woman was raped in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City have "lost their way" in their bid to return to the Premier League, according to former manager Alan Curtis.
More than 200,000 Welsh students have repaid their student loans in 2017-18, according to the latest figures.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of pretending to be a pilot of a foreign airline after he was stopped at an airport in Turin last year.
David Cameron has said "too many cases" of people coming to the UK as husbands and wives are not learning English.
The number of children in Wales in poverty has risen by more than a third in the past five years, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for travelling to their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day.
Schools in Guinea have reopened, four days after the country was hit by the worst outbreak of the Ebola virus.
(Close): London's leading shares have fallen for the ninth day in a row, as investors continue to fret about the state of the global economy.
The family of a woman who was murdered by a man in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago have said they are "angry and fearful" at the prospect of his release.
A former Russian prime minister has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silence encouragement" after a video appeared to show him in a sniper's position.
Louis van Gaal may have been joking about his decision to pick three centre-backs for Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Arsenal.
Craft brewer BrewDog has raised more than £50m in a US crowdfunding round to help fund expansion plans.
Tata Steel workers have agreed to accept changes to their pension scheme in a bid to end a long-running dispute.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of the K-cup coffee pods, has been bought by a private company.
A university has been accused of "victim blaming" after a poster saying Jennifer Lawrence wishes she had used a fake password.
A man has been stabbed to death in Greater Manchester.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side's lack of international selection this season was a surprise.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after completing a 38-game unbeaten run.
Plans for a new student accommodation at the University of Aberdeen have been put on hold until the end of the year.
A council has said it is "really disappointed" that a Paw Patrol character did not appear at a Nickelodeon Christmas event.
Colin Calderwood has been appointed as Brighton & Hove Albion's new head coach.
Jamie Roberts says he is relishing the prospect of captaining the British and Irish Lions on their tour of New Zealand.
England's performance against Scotland was very good.
Great Britain's men missed out on a place in the final of the men's 4x100m relay at the World Championships in Beijing.
Two men have been seriously injured in a crash between a bus and a car in Fife.
A 25-year-old man has died after being hit by a forklift in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Adams has signed a professional contract with promoter Virgil van Dijk.
It's 70 years since the first atomic strike was carried out in Japan.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Peter Drumm has been granted bail in the Republic of Ireland.
Malagasy blues singer Lala Njava is one of Africa's most acclaimed musicians.
Myanmar has been a country for decades.
When I first met Ivan Lendl, I didn't expect to get a hug from him.
Teenagers are calling for the lowering of the voting age to 16.
Fernando Alonso's exit from McLaren in the first round of the Australian Grand Prix was the biggest blow for Mercedes boss Toto Wolff.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, according to a study of more than 14,000 people.
Two adults and two children have been rescued from a beach in Avon.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he has changed his mind on a bill to make assisted suicide legal in England and Wales.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision", says Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are continuing to search for survivors from the rubble of a garment factory that collapsed in the capital, Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic won the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history with victory over Aberdeen.
The death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive polonium 210, was one of the most remarkable and sensitive murder cases in modern times.
A health board has been fined £154,054 by the auditor general over its handling of a charity challenge.
An elderly woman has been hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi.
A man is to stand trial accused of helping victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at the challenges facing Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle on public land has been told to demolish it or face jail.
The first public trams have opened in Nottingham after delays caused by the construction of two new stations.
Vans used for a DIY SOS project have been stolen during a series of thefts, the BBC has said.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss for 2015 for the first time in its history.
EE and Three have been named the best mobile operators in the UK in a new study.
A man who drove a rollercoaster across Dumfries in a bid to get home from a night out drinking has been given a community order.
The demolition of Vila Uniao, a neighbourhood in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro, has been completed after two years of resistance.
The UK's nuclear regulator has agreed to raise the safety limit for one of the country's ageing reactors.
The man who shot and killed Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe on Saturday has been arrested on suspicion of animal cruelty.
A Scotch whisky distillery on Islay is celebrating its 200th anniversary.
Painting artist John Hockney has told an inquest he was "completely unaware" of the death of his friend who jumped head first off a balcony.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has made history by winning a silver medal at the Rio Olympics.
A flight from Edinburgh to Chicago has been diverted to Edinburgh after a fuel leak.
The Great City Games is to be held in Manchester this week, despite the terror threat level being raised to "critical".
The government spent £8.3bn on converting 203 schools in England to academies in the two years to March 2012, according to a report.
Russell Knox stood in the middle of the fairway at Royal Birkdale on Thursday morning.
The mother of murdered teenager Charlene Downes has said she is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over a lack of information about her daughter's disappearance.
Police in Brazil investigating allegations of bribery by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, are questioning him.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
The English Football League has announced the draw for the first round of the Carabao Cup.
A baby pygmy marmoset that was stolen from a zoo in Australia has been reunited with its mother.
Women in the intelligence services are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has described the Westminster terror attack as a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Powell has announced she has given birth to a baby girl.
A lorry driver has been jailed for six years for causing the deaths of two men by dangerous driving.
A woman who was diagnosed with gender dysphoria at the age of 69 has said she is "happy" after undergoing gender reassignment surgery.
Astronomers have discovered the first baby Jupiter-like planet ever discovered.
Thousands of peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport ahead of the Nato summit in the city.
A man has been arrested in connection with the hacking of Kate Middleton's iCloud account.
The Polish embassy in London is investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against Polish nationals in London and Cambridgeshire.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets flanker Rob McCusker on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Gunmen have attacked a Saudi diplomatic motorcade in Paris, seizing 250,000 euros (£200,000) in cash and documents, French police say.
The phrase 'woman in a man's world' is an apt one.
More than 2,600 telephone customers and broadband customers in Orkney have been affected by problems with a radio transmitter, BT has said.
Pupils at a convent school have been told they will no longer be able to attend their prom because of the financial strain.
Mohamed Ismail is a football fan who plays for the Turkish football team in Edirne.
Former Charlton Athletic chief executive Paul Porter has left the club by mutual consent.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted she was "slumbering" in her chair during the State of the Union speech in January.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's former Prime Minister John Key has announced his resignation.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of "pouring millions of pounds" on social media to promote personal attacks on MPs.
Police have appealed for information about a taxi driver they want to speak to in connection with an attempted kidnap of a child.
A food truck is to become the first in Scotland to provide training and support to ex-offenders who have made a commitment to change their lives.
A man who raped a woman in Cessnock more than 20 years ago has been arrested in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at the city's police headquarters.
A paedophile who groomed a 14-year-old boy via social media has been jailed for 16 years.
Samantha Dyson has arrived at the International Space Station (ISS) in Kazakhstan.
A councillor has been warned she faces a High Court injunction if she takes part in protests against tree removal works in Sheffield.
Team Sky's leader Dave Brailsford is "completely behind" the team, according to Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas.
Snap, the Snapchat-owned messaging app, has unveiled a new set of augmented reality glasses that will allow users to record themselves in real time.
Guinea-Bissau have been given the all-clear to qualify for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations.
David Cameron has said it is "very important" that grammar schools in England are allowed to expand.
Striker Niclas Eliasson scored a late winner as Bristol City came from behind to beat Watford.
Prisoners who were locked in their cells for three days have been told they can spend significantly longer behind bars.
England captain Joe Root says coach Peter Moores has given him the "best out" of his career.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann says his side's League One play-off hopes are "mathematically impossible".
A public inquiry has been held into plans for a 1,000-home development in Maidstone.
A rail line which has been closed for more than a month has reopened.
The Metropolitan Police has agreed to pay compensation to a detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against and victimised after a monkey was found on his desk.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants to kill journalists if they do not do anything wrong.
A man has died after being attacked by a shark in Western Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a kayak at a lifeboat event in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's most prosperous countries.
A toddler who died after being left alone in a bath was left with "many and terrible injuries", a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's mental toughness after they beat St Johnstone to move level on points with Premiership leaders Kilmarnock.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend.
Three fire-fighters have been praised for saving the life of a man who was trapped in a crushed car.
More than 1,500 new armed police officers are to be in place in London by the end of the year, the Metropolitan Police commissioner has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial electoral reform bill, paving the way for a second-round run-off.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in banking shares.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a three-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Olympic gold medallists Katie Peacock and Hannah Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the IPC Athletics World Championships in London.
An Afghan man who says he was raped by his wife has been urged by the president to press for justice.
A man who broke into his girlfriend's home and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for three years.
Jonathan Trott hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset were held to a draw by Warwickshire.
Mickey Demetriou's late free-kick earned Newport County a 1-0 win over Yeovil Town at Rodney Parade.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England opened their World Cup campaign with a comfortable win over Guinea.
Samantha Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of a Labour MP's home in Rochester and Strood.
The Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter is suing Universal Music and A&M Records over royalties they receive from digital downloads.
A delegation of Scottish oil and gas companies has arrived in the US for a trade mission to Myanmar.
The deportation of thousands of Haitians to the Dominican Republic last year has exposed greater divisions within the Catholic Church in the region.
A tower block in Surrey is to double its capacity to accommodate more than 13,000 people over the next three years.
Portsmouth have signed Fabrice Linganzi from Coventry City for an undisclosed fee.
Ulster have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre with the return of Sean Henderson and Tommy Bowe.
Plans to turn a Brecon Beacons pub into a convenience store have been approved by councillors.
Aberdeen came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and move up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees fleeing the conflict in Syria.
Scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to clarify its decision to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A primary school has been accused of breaking the Equality Act by refusing to allow a four-year-old girl to wear a headscarf.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits and benefits has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of killing his great-grandfather in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
After the World Cup, Birmingham City's record-breaking start to the Women's Super League season has come to an end.
Nigel Farage has said he will be "very disappointed" if Sir David Attenborough does not win the UKIP leadership contest.
Jose Mourinho says Chelsea's victory over Manchester United was "less than you think" as they prepared for their title challenge.
An independent review is to be carried out into the quality of life of older people in residential care in Wales.
S4C has appointed Rhys Evans as its new leader.
Mae'r llywodraeth wedi bod yn cael ei chlustnodi yn y Senedd ddydd Mercher ar argymhelliad y Prif Weinidog.
Scientists are to carry out a major study into the mystery of as-yet undescribed human remains.
Liverpool midfielder Mamadou Sakho's case against the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has been referred to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
The UK should regulate commercial genetically modified (GM) crops based on their individual benefits and risks, a report says.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called for the resignation of the military's deputy chief of staff.
A review into the future of Welsh broadcaster S4C is under way, the Welsh Office has said.
The main railway tunnel between Edinburgh and Glasgow is to be closed for a year as part of a major engineering project.
The owner of Liverpool, Mohamed Al Hasawi, has confirmed that two potential buyers have been found for the club.
The proportion of top GCSE grades in England has fallen to its lowest level since records began.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of a global economic slowdown and a sudden pull-back in capital flows.
Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the Republican presidential debate, his spokesman has said.
Leicester Tigers have signed Bristol wing Ellis Genge on a season-long loan deal.
Changes to the tax disc system at the DVLA may reduce the number of jobs at the vehicle licensing agency, the chancellor has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says better wickets are the only way they can improve their form in the County Championship.
If you're looking for a place to live next to Facebook's headquarters in Silicon Valley, you might want to look elsewhere.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 12-year-old Bailey Jones at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United left-back Tom Jones on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Three teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a street attack.
It was a bittersweet night for the Paralympics.
The Sykes-Picot map marks the end of one of the Middle East's most important colonial projects.
Celtic winger Scott Roberts says he is relishing the prospect of returning to Manchester City at the end of the season.
Premier League clubs spent a record £1.38bn on agents' fees in the 2016-17 season, according to new figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper Matt Gilmartin and ex-Plymouth Argyle defender James Brill.
John Dingledine is one of the most controversial figures in the world of hacking.
A man killed his wife in a shotgun attack at their home, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" on the opening day of his Scotland team's Euro 2016 qualifier against Malta.
Bury moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable win over Coventry.
Australia has turned back 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who were trying to reach the country from Vietnam, the government has said.
Marc Marquez won the MotoGP title for the first time in his career with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Olympic coxless champion Polly Glover says she is looking forward to reuniting with her partner Heather Swann for the rest of the season.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has said the government's commitment to fairness is "significantly weakened".
China's industrial production grew at a slower pace in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
The XBox Kinect system is a new way of interacting with computers.
The results of the general election in Wales have been announced.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Reading striker Nwankwo Tshibola and Mansfield midfielder Jack Bingham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting has begun in the Merseyside general election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Belfast to raise awareness of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer has announced plans to close its factory in Somerset with the loss of 230 jobs.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping and assaulting a woman in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed Rockall as its territory in 1955.
The Beatles' manager has been recognised for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life 50 years on.
Alfreton Town have signed midfielder Ryan Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has published a strategy for the future of bioenergy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the Conservatives may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending in the run-up to the general election.
Sophie Raworth is to join the line-up for the new series of Watchdog.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) has threatened legal action if a member of Fifa's electoral committee does not withdraw from the presidential election.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a teenage girl who was found naked on her bed in 1982.
The BBC's licence fee has helped boost the economy in the north of England, according to the corporation.
World number one Ding Junhui beat world number one Mark Williams 10-6 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US has lifted security restrictions on Bahrain.
A ticket signed by The Beatles at their 1960s UK tour was worth more than £10,000 when it was sold at auction.
The quality and cost of support for care leavers in England is "poor and worsening", says a report by MPs.
New rules requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" have been described as "political posturing".
A body has been found in the search for a missing man in Denbighshire.
Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" to describe black actors is "very disingenuous", says David Oyelowo.
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their liberty unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher's policies in the 1980s and 1990s have been credited with saving the UK economy £11bn.
Oil giant BP has made a new discovery in the Central and Southern North Sea.
Red Bull have rejected a potential engine deal with Mercedes because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive in Formula 1.
A cruise ship that ran aground off the coast of Alabama last week has docked in the US for the final time.
Harlequins came from behind to beat Montpellier and reach the European Challenge Cup semi-finals.
Guernsey's Land Use Department has launched a public consultation on the potential for development in the island.
Slumdog Millionaire will be screened at a screening of the film in Kingussie on Saturday.
James Trescothick and Chris Trego hit centuries as Somerset fought back to beat Middlesex by six wickets in the One-Day Cup.
A leaked government report has found evidence of a "co-ordinated agenda" to impose a "hardline and aggressive Islamist ethos" in schools in Birmingham.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been hit by power cuts.
In a hospital in the northern Vietnamese city of Hanoi, a mother gave her son a cash gift for eye treatment.
Argentina has said it will prosecute three British oil companies for illegally drilling in the Falkland Islands.
Two former Saracens players have died at the age of 25 after a long illness.
The oldest person in Italy has died at the age of 112.
Scarlets head coach Vern Cotter believes Racing 92 have the edge over Scarlets in the European Champions Cup.
Widnes Vikings moved up to second in Super League with a bonus-point win over St Helens.
A boxer who was ineligible to compete for Team Wales because of her past has said she would never return to the sport.
Maria Sharapova returned to the top of the world rankings with victory in the Stuttgart Open.
Novak Djokovic reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Kei Nishikori in Melbourne.
Falkirk manager Neil Houston has said he would be happy to sign a striker if he could find a more experienced defender.
French President Francois Hollande has said the EU must be "simple, clear and effective" to win back support from the people.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of "wilfully dishonest" over his party's record on immigration.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds of government funding is to be used to fund weekly black bin collections in England.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered the remains of some of the world's most ancient forest sites.
Shaul Walsh kicked a late penalty as Catalans Dragons came from behind to beat Hull FC in the first round of the Challenge Cup.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal songs, including a cover of Don Quixote's La Mancha.
Oscar Solskjaer has been sacked as Cardiff City manager after just seven games in charge.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the "tough" season that saw the club relegated from the Premier League.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Williams has been re-elected.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a medieval inn in North Lanarkshire.
Stephen Copoc was a 19-year-old gardener from Garston, Liverpool, who was killed in the Hillsborough disaster.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for the murder of a transgender woman.
Ian Fleming has called for players to be banned from tennis for life if they are found guilty of match-fixing.
The US military is considering transferring transgender soldier Chelsea Manning to civilian prison, a Pentagon spokesman has said.
David Cameron is to meet Iain Duncan Smith to discuss the fallout from his surprise resignation as Conservative leader, Downing Street has said.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the South Korea Open in the second round.
For many people, it was a rite of passage.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Kyle McClean from Perth United for an undisclosed fee.
Disney has been described as the "Royal Family" by a children's author.
The number of students who have been accepted on to university courses through clearing has risen to 437,070.
The use of phosphorus on grasslands in the world is set to rise by 80% by 2050.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said the country should do more to stop foreign investment in the housing market.
A 12-year-old boy has been operated on after his father donated part of his liver to charity.
A woman who defrauded a charity out of Â£2,000 to pay for a charity trip to Tanzania has been jailed.
A former police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually abusing two teenage girls.
ScotRail has agreed an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A humpback whale has been spotted off the coast of Fife, prompting a warning from police.
Portsmouth Panthers secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 4-1 win over Sheffield Devils in the Challenge Cup final.
Helen Williams has been invited back to the Miss America pageant for the first time in 32 years after resigning from the competition in 1984.
Bidders have been invited to bid for the scrapping of four Royal Navy flagships from the scrapyard in Portsmouth.
A company has submitted a business case for the proposed Western Isles electricity interconnector.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been released from captivity in Syria.
Jack Grigg scored twice as Wigan Athletic came from behind to beat Blackburn Rovers and move up to second in the Championship.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to need hospital treatment than non-diabetic children, according to research.
Nottingham Forest and Preston North End played out a draw in the Championship.
The father of a Venezuelan protester shot dead by security forces has called on President Nicolás Maduro to clear his son's name.
The director of an oral history project at Boston College has been ordered to hand over his personal memoirs.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop.
A strain of bird flu has been found at a turkey rearing farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning more than 2,000 people to Nigeria this year.
The family of a pupil who drowned in a swimming pool have won a High Court battle over compensation.
The Gambia midfielder Victor Carayol says he is looking forward to representing the country at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, the country's electoral commission says.
Savings rates have fallen to their lowest level in more than a decade, according to a new report.
The Forth Bridge has been awarded World Heritage status by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association has said that it would not pay off manager Gordon Strachan.
The planting of jatropha trees in the Arabian desert could help reduce the amount of CO2 produced by cars and trucks, a study suggests.
Scotland's political leaders have urged voters to back the SNP in Friday's general election.
Burkina Faso's government has asked French authorities to declassify military documents to investigate the assassination of former President Blaise Sankara, his lawyer has said.
A bridge in the southern Indian state of Goa has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
Edinburgh is the most congested city in the UK, according to a new report.
A man who secretly filmed women and children in Falkirk has been placed on the sex offenders register.
Police in the Russian city of Edinburg have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being held against their will.
Hamilton Academical manager Tommy Wright says he will take "severe punishment" against his players after they were sent off in the 2-2 draw with Dundee United.
Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist.
Millions of Muslims around the world are celebrating Eid al-Fitr on Sunday.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed.
A woman who was found dead in her cell was sent to a male prison because she did not want to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of bankruptcies in Scotland has risen to its highest level for more than a year, according to new figures.
A group of children who were on a school trip when they were hit by a trailer on Carver's Hollow have said they are "devastated".
Andy Murray is on course to win the Davis Cup for the first time in his career when he takes on a Scot in the final on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his fight with Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service in Rome, condemning the persecution of Christians by Islamist militants.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to report the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a cinema in Aurora, Colorado.
Bolivian authorities say they are working with local authorities to contain a locust swarm that has killed more than 1,000 people.
Former Wales captain Sir Gareth Edwards has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were comprehensively beaten by England in Glasgow.
The emperor penguin species in the Antarctic are more adaptable than previously thought, according to a new study.
Two polar bears have been introduced to Scotland for the first time.
Chris Martin will replace Matt McGuinness at the Honda team for the 2017 Isle of Man TT.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison after being cleared of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who was pulled over by a white officer.
Shrewsbury and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in the EFL Cup first round.
Louis Armstrong's "Always in my heart" tweet has been retweeted more than five million times.
A Chilean court has sentenced a German man to life in prison for his role in the creation of a Nazi-controlled commune.
In the run-up to the general election, Conservative MP Byron Davies has been asked to give an MP an ice cream.
If you were in a fairground, there would be a lot of fun.
A community pub has been named the best in the UK for being a "true community asset".
Mexico's health ministry has launched an investigation into allegations of medical fraud in the state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider's detectors have detected a new set of superparticles.
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes says the club's decision to move out of Cheltenham has caused fans to abandon the club.
The funeral of a soldier who died after taking part in the Dunfermline Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was sexually assaulted by two men at knifepoint has said he thought he was going to die.
A US soldier has been killed in a rocket strike by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the US military says.
Zac Efron has won best actress at the Critics' Choice Film Awards.
Tranmere Rovers have confirmed the loss of striker Jack Spencer for the rest of the season.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the Premier League squad for the second half of the season.
A dolphin has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Spain after being harassed by tourists who wanted to photograph it.
Two men have been injured in an armed robbery in Londonderry.
A mental health doctor in County Antrim has launched a challenge to encourage people to climb the highest mountain in the UK.
Neeta Kewlani is a wheelchair-wielding beauty queen in India.
Power has been restored to homes and businesses in Northern Ireland after a power cut in the Republic of Ireland.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a street.
Plans for a £1.5m cycle path in Sheffield have been rejected by councillors.
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is "on watch", according to a report.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq increased the level of terrorist activity in the UK, the former head of MI5 has said.
Top weight Many Clouds has been dropped from the entry system for the 2017 National at Aintree.
The chief executive of the Education Authority has said teacher's pay in Northern Ireland is higher than the average in other parts of the UK.
The UK's largest zoo, the Royal Zoological Society in London, has released its annual list of the world's most endangered animals.
The number of people arrested for drinking alcohol on board planes has risen in the past year, according to the BBC's Panorama programme.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murder after a boy was found dead in a cellar, police say.
The Green Party is considering a number of electoral pacts ahead of the general election, party leader Caroline Lucas has said.
A Lincolnshire NHS trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect" following a re-inspection.
Two gay men have been hacked to death in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, in a "brutal" attack, the US has said.
Rule The World has been retired from the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are to be shipped to Liberia for the first time.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with his disappearance.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles as Eddie Yeats in Coronation Street, has died at the age of 83.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past 40 years, according to a new report.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to begin on Tuesday.
Fuel prices have risen by more than 5% in the past month, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RAC).
Students at Oxford Brookes University have been told to "show consideration" to their neighbours after more than 1,000 complaints about their behaviour.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) has announced a series of new productions in the run-up to the centenary of the birth of Will Miller.
A hospital has temporarily closed its wards to visitors after a norovirus outbreak.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after acid was thrown over two men.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance has been liquidated with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs, the European Court of Commerce has ruled.
Thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital, Amman, against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah.
The killer of Milly Dowler, who was kidnapped and murdered in 2002, may have been recorded by police, it has been claimed.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the use of cannabis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes deserves "huge credit" for the club's consistency, according to former Rangers defender Ian Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a move to the Champions League.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 86.
A recording of Led Zeppelin's first live performance in 1971 has been restored for the first time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gwynedd Jones looks at the history of Wales.
A prison officer has been attacked with a razor blade in County Antrim.
Online shoppers are expected to see a surge in the number of items sent back after Christmas, according to the postal service.
Northern Ireland's health minister has called on people to embrace change and allow the NHS to deliver the best healthcare.
A schoolgirl who was seriously injured in a coach crash in Belgium has returned to school.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership table with victory over Motherwell, despite a controversial ghost goal.
Former Rangers midfielder Matt Daly says he would consider joining Dundee United if the club offered him a new deal.
Derby County moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable victory at Ipswich.
Oil prices have risen to their highest level in more than a year, boosted by a drop in US crude inventories.
A Chinese man has been arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol in a Fast and Furious-style race, state media report.
Councils in England are failing to replace enough of their homes sold through the government's Right to Buy scheme, Shelter has said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has backed a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of Russian media.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been arrested after two children were stolen from a car in Belfast.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ryan Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to take in 160,000 more migrants over the next two years, in a bid to tackle the migrant crisis.
A £2.65m loan to Northampton Town Football Club was passed to the club's chairman and his father, it has emerged.
It has been a turbulent week for Russia's opposition.
Supporters of Haitian opposition leader Guy Philippe have held a public hearing to demand his release from prison on drug trafficking charges.
A health trust has launched a recruitment drive to find new nurses to fill vacancies at three hospitals in the south of England.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the Indian city of Mumbai, police say.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French prosecutor for alleged involvement in a blackmail plot.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jack Chow on a two-year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One of the County Championship with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire.
Thousands of people are taking part in Christmas Day swims in the sea, rivers and lidos across the UK.
Three Chinese weightlifting gold medallists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics for one year for doping.
The number of empty shops in Scotland has fallen for the first time in three years, according to a new report.
The EU has said it will not have any special discussions with the UK over its future relationship with the EU.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between the country's creditors and the European Union failed to reach a deal.
German airline Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge to a strike by its pilots.
Glastonbury Festival has admitted a single charge of breach of the Environment Agency after sewage leaked into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne has cut spending by only half as much as he originally planned, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian side Liege on loan until the end of the season.
It has been a week of intense training for the British and Irish Lions.
Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
A number of jobs have been lost in Northern Ireland by the US construction firm Caterpillar, it has been reported.
The government should set a "bold new target" for delivering "world-beating" broadband speeds by 2030, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IoD) has said.
A sculpture believed to be a man has been found in a river.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to meet a paedophile hunter has been jailed for three years.
Solihull Moors moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has called on world leaders to do more to help refugees fleeing conflict in Syria.
David Laws has said he is "extremely disappointed and upset" by the "tsunami" that swept away lots of Liberal Democrat MPs.
Human remains have been found at the Corn Exchange in Brighton, according to the city council.
Mae gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle wedi cael eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy yn bresennol.
A case worker is to be appointed to help people affected by flooding in York, the city council has said.
A woman who was seriously injured in a bus crash at a hen party in Leeds has said she is lucky to be alive.
Cuban police have arrested more than 100 anti-government activists who were protesting in the capital, Havana, officials say.
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose in March, according to new figures.
Police have issued a warning to tourists in Glasgow after a series of impersonations of police officers.
The EU will not reopen trade deals with Canada and the US, the EU has said.
A chocolate maker has recreated the HMS Nelson and HMS Nelson to mark the centenary of the Battle of Trafalgar.
A man has been saved from a cardiac arrest 17 times by the ambulance service.
Olympic gold medallist Katie O'Connell led Great Britain to victory in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Rowing Championships in Bucharest.
Children's charity Kids Company has been suspended amid allegations of sexual abuse, the BBC has learned.
A dog who has become a social media hit after being found wandering around a supermarket has been reunited with his owner.
Sam Evans scored twice as Bradford City came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move into the League One play-off places.
The new mayor of Tshwane in South Africa has said he will no longer use the luxury car he inherited from the previous mayor.
The Unite union has said it has been given assurances that the pensions of Bernard Matthews workers will continue under the new owners.
A man has been killed in an explosion at Beijing's Stansted Airport, state media report.
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker crashed on the M4 in Cardiff.
He is one of the most famous Belgians of all time.
Dumfriesshire Council has said it is "increasingly concerned" about the pace of progress made on a new disaster response centre in the town.
Legoland has said it is working with a council to improve its traffic management.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" after being rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.
A 12-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglar who broke into her grandmother's home.
A teenager has been arrested after a machete was found during an altercation between a group of youths in south London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined Major League Soccer side Phoenix Suns on a two-year deal.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas.
A 20-year-old man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in New Zealand.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill will decide on her future at the 2020 Games in Tokyo, says her coach Michael Minichiello.
Will Miller's late equaliser earned Burton a draw at Wolverhampton.
A mother and her young daughter have been threatened with a gun during a burglary at their home in Manchester.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Borders has risen by 23% in the past year, according to new figures.
Bhutan is one of the world's most isolated countries.
Motherwell striker Grant has backed the appointment of Shelley Kerr as the new head coach of Scotland.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the first time in more than a decade.
A community hospital in Flintshire could close under plans being considered by a health board.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon international striker Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly's header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool in League Two.
The Welsh Assembly has voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite reservations.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Nawara Negm reports on the social network's role in a sit-in in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
The SNP has won a by-election in Ayrshire.
An Italian court has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven leading earthquake experts, who were found guilty of manslaughter.
A drug that boosts the immune system could be used in combination with antibiotics, a study suggests.
Police failed to properly examine the extent of the sexual exploitation of children and young people who went missing from care, a report has found.
Zombies, zombies, zombies... they are everywhere.
Congolese singer Ohene Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo on suspicion of assault after a video emerged of him punching a woman in the face.
Three convicted rapists have gone missing from a prison in Gloucestershire.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
Kanye West has said he would love to work with Ikea if he could create his own furniture.
The British Airways (BAA) has apologised after its computer system failed at Edinburgh Airport.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was charged with possessing a Class A controlled drug.
Burma's government has set up a commission to examine the causes of violence in the restive state of Rakhine, which has been under a state of emergency since May.
Mafia members are more likely to leave school earlier than those who commit violent crimes, a study suggests.
Wigan Warriors have agreed a deal to sign former Barbarians prop Tomkins from Salford Red Devils on a two-year deal.
Airbus chief executive Didier Bregier has said the company would reconsider investment in the UK if the country voted to leave the European Union.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the existence of a rocky planet orbiting its host star.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Poland goalkeeper Tomas Boruc has retired from international football.
Two buildings are to be built in China to help fight air pollution.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men's synchronised platform at the Rio Olympics after failing to qualify for the final.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley and reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
A report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers.
A student from Sierra Leone has been turned away from his flat in Norwich because of the Ebola outbreak.
The BBC is to extend its 10 o'clock News to include additional news from the United Nations and Regions.
The Rugby Football Association says the number of coaches sacked in the Premiership this season is "unacceptable".
Leicester City assistant manager Craig Shakespeare is "almost out of order" to be the club's next manager, says former England defender Paul Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a carer who took her own life.
Sony is to restart production of vinyl records for the first time in more than a decade.
A polar bear cub has been born in Scotland for the first time in more than a decade.
Exposure to the UK's summer sunshine several times a week is a "safe balance" between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new powers to tackle non-violent extremism in the UK, as part of its counter-terrorism strategy.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre for young men with a rare condition to be set up in Wales.
A flood-hit bridge is to be closed for two years as part of a £4.5m repair project.
Burns retained his WBC light-middleweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Carlos Beltran in Las Vegas.
Thousands of people have marched through the South African city of Durban to protest against xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a third floor flat.
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government's plans to alter the purdah period in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner is to receive a Â£18,000 payment from HM Revenue and Customs after changes to the tax rules.
A "crannog" estate in Monmouthshire is thousands of years older than previously thought.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in England earn six-figure salaries, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
The Battle of the Somme was one of the most important battles of World War One.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit the benefits of new EU migrants for up to four years.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 16-year-old boy was seriously injured in a street attack in Hove.
The Republican presidential candidates have clashed over their tax plans in their first televised debate.
A man has been found dead in his car in Birmingham.
Ukrainian soldiers have left the rebel-held town of Debaltseve, the president has said.
Rock band Revolution Radio have topped the US album chart with their new album, Revolution Radio.
Lee Clark has been appointed as the new manager of League One side Bury on a two-year deal.
Turkey has sacked more than 1,000 soldiers in the wake of July's failed coup, the military says.
Councils in England and Wales are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of the comic book superhero SuperTed, is to make a new series of cartoons in Wales.
At least two Palestinian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Egypt, the country's transport agency says.
A man who was punched in the face by a suspected drug dealer has said he is not ready to return to his home.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the US Open at Erin Hills because of a back injury.
Exeter secured their first win of the League Two season with a 1-0 win over Cambridge.
The chief executive of Rolls-Royce has been accused of being a "scaremonger" for suggesting the company could be forced to invest in research and development in Derby.
Pakistan's cricket team's tour of Australia has been postponed because of security concerns, coach Asif Ali Khan has said.
Scientists have discovered a way to stop the growth of a deadly fungus in birds.
A plane has been struck by lightning in Morocco.
Scientists have reconstructed the brain and nervous system of a new species of arthropod.
A woman has appeared in court charged with obstructing the course of justice after the death of a baby.
Drivers in Shrewton and Thruxton are being urged to sign a petition calling for the closure of a road next to Stonehenge Bottom.
The longest married couple in the UK are celebrating their 86th birthday.
Birmingham City have agreed a deal to sign striker Danny Caddis on a two-year deal.
England pace bowler James Johnson hopes he will be able to show his scars from the Ashes series defeat by Australia.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Team Sky retained the overall lead.
An Orange Hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
Three people have been killed and five injured in a truck crash at a music festival in South Africa, officials say.
The Labour leader is "walking in the opposite direction" on immigration, a Labour MP has said.
Firefighters in Suffolk could lose their jobs as part of a £1.3m budget cuts.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to enable encryption on their iOS operating systems.
US Defence Secretary Eric Schmidt has warned of the dangers of mini-drones being used as weapons of war in the Middle East.
Northern Ireland is the best performing school system in Europe for reading and maths, according to a new study.
Rory McIlroy is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Masters at Augusta, Georgia.
The UK is considering whether to take military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Two care workers who pretended an elderly woman fell to her death at a nursing home in Birmingham have been given community orders.
One in 100 babies born in England in 2015 was born addicted to a harmful substance, according to new figures.
Ant & Dec have apologised after some of the answers in the first run of their Saturday Night Takeaway game were wrong.
German police have stepped up security at a major sporting event in Berlin ahead of Saturday's Euro 2016 match between Germany and the Netherlands.
Animals in the Arctic are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by power lines, according to a new study.
US movie-maker Imax has filed to list its shares on the Hong Kong stock market.
Four teenagers who died in a crash in Powys were "on a mission", an inquest has heard.
A car with a "gold fleet" of luxury cars has been seized by police in London.
Liverpool Reds batsman Scooter Gennett has hit a career-best four-run home run in a game against Baltimore Orioles.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct in public office.
Andy Murray reached the Davis Cup quarter-finals for the first time in his career with a straight-set win over Belgium.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has visited the Somali capital, Mogadishu, to say the country is "turning around".
England footballer Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "wonderful wife" who has died after a short battle with cancer.
A teenager who has been missing off the coast of Devon has been found safe and well.
A man who stabbed his great-grandfather to death was not psychotic at the time, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club by mutual consent after Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Scunthorpe.
The UK's new local TV network has been selected by Ofcom, the country's broadcasting regulator.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital after being spotted flying in formation during a routine approach to land.
Schools in India have bought a vegetarian book to teach children about the dangers of eating meat, the BBC has learned.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car in Bristol.
Aberystwyth railway is one of the UK's oldest and most nostalgic railways.
Russian athletes went to lengths to avoid doping tests, according to a report by the world's anti-doping agency.
The BBC News website looks at some of the most interesting stories in the news in the UK this week.
A judge in Brazil has charged a prominent supporter of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption.
The world's largest police agency has launched an appeal for information on nine fugitives who are believed to be involved in wildlife crime.
Chinese shares have fallen after a closely watched survey suggested the manufacturing sector in the country had contracted for the second month in a row.
Jono Gibbs has been appointed as Ulster's new head coach.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party to oppose SNP cuts to local councils.
Two people have been rescued from the Munro Mountain in Aberdeenshire.
ChemChina has been given the go-ahead to buy French pesticides and seeds maker Syngenta.
A man has been arrested in Sweden on suspicion of carrying out a terrorist attack in the capital, Stockholm.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves to move up to second in the Championship.
Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Newport County midfielder Ryan Pidgeley on a two-year deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" to become more electable, the party's campaign chairman Andy Banks has said.
Celtic's summer transfer window was dominated by the prospect of finishing second in the Scottish Premiership.
Marta is a shopkeeper in a slum.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Ryan Davis on a free transfer.
Britain's David Grabarz won his second gold medal of the World Championships with victory in the men's 1.80m.
Substitute Joe Rogic scored a late winner as Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish Cup for the first time.
Northern Ireland have signed former Crystal Palace midfielder Ryan Kettings on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Five of the five men accused of the 9/11 attacks have refused to answer questions from a US military judge during a hearing in Guantanamo Bay.
Beyonce has been named as the most-nominated artist at the 2017 Grammy Awards.
Plans for a new stadium in Truro and Falmouth have been branded an "empty promise" by the prime minister.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is in talks with Chelsea about a move to the Premier League club.
League One side Stags have signed Dundee United striker Alex McDiarmid on loan until the end of the season.
The sale of a World War Two Spitfire which was built in Lambeth during the Second World War has stalled.
Two major energy engineering firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 new jobs in Scotland.
A baby boar has hatched chicks at a castle in Gloucestershire.
The government's immigration cap has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a "crisis" in the NHS, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy after a rise in insurance premium tax.
Kairat goalkeeper Petr Cech and ex-Millwall defender Nicky Ward are the latest footballers to use their spare time to spend with their pets.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he hopes to see Easter Sunday fixed on the first Sunday after the spring equinox.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in air strikes by Russian-backed forces on the Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
When Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) announced plans to create 1,700 jobs in the UK, it was hailed as a "huge confidence booster" for the car industry.
Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Caton on loan from Shrewsbury Town until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has ruled that President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries is unconstitutional.
Hundreds of people have protested against plans to close five libraries in West Yorkshire.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday came from behind to draw with Burnley.
Greggs, the UK's biggest bakery chain, has reported a rise in sales for the third quarter of the year, helped by a strong performance in the High Street.
Germany's Jens Jung won gold in the dressage at the Rio Olympics as Japan's Yui Fischertakinou missed out on a medal for Great Britain.
The UK government has unveiled a plan to allow wind farm developers to sell part of their business to local communities.
A 46-year-old man has been charged with criminal damage after two cats were shot in the legs in Surrey.
A beach where a bodyboarder died after getting caught in a river has become "extremely dangerous", a council has said.
When you think of humpback whales, it's easy to think of their first stages.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold at 0.5%.
China's state media have reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's ruling that China has no jurisdiction over the South China Sea.
Asian shares fell after the US economy grew at a slower pace than expected in the first quarter of the year.
David Warner hit a half-century as Australia and West Indies played out a draw in the third Test.
At least eight people have been killed in floods in Germany's Bavarian town of Deggendorf, officials say.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being assaulted in Caernarfon, police have said.
Two teenagers have been arrested after knives, scissors and cannabis were seized from a street in Greater Manchester.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Kunle Adegbola looks at the growing popularity of cricket in Nigeria.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than previously thought, the governor of the Bank of England has said.
Apple has reported a 15% rise in profits for the first three months of the year, helped by the launch of its iPad mini.
It has been more than 1,300 years since King Henry V visited Holywell, a small Welsh town in the north-west of England.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone will be in Sao Paulo for the Brazilian Grand Prix on Sunday.
A man has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life.
Workers at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil are to lose their jobs at the end of the year.
A 1,400-year-old mystery surrounding King Arthur has been solved.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring for the first time this season, says manager Claudio Ranieri.
There is a new wave of Euroscepticism sweeping through British politics.
Nick Clegg has said the Conservatives will cut "much deeper than is necessary" to balance the books and make the poorest bear the heaviest burden.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was injured in a "disturbance" in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in New Zealand.
UKIP AM Paul Gill has said he would give up one of his posts if asked to quit by the party's new leader, Paul Nuttall.
Residents of a street where Channel 4's Benefits Street was filmed have been offered advice on how to avoid unwanted advances.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (POA).
A man has written a letter to the National Trust asking for help in tracing a photographer who took his wife's last photograph.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of whitening creams, the country's pharmaceutical authority has said.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have been accused of "grandstanding" in the run-up to the general election.
More than 1,306 Islamic State (IS) militants have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq since 2 December 2015, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A hacker has hacked into the information website of Norwich International Airport to see if he could gain access to the airport's operations system.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been approved.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a man whose body was found wrapped in tarpaulin and buried in a house.
When the body scanners were turned off in Kiev last month, the city's medical centre was left without any medical equipment.
Wasps maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a bus in Edinburgh.
South African taxi driver Mziwamadoda Dewani has been cleared of plotting to murder his wife in their taxi in Cape Town.
A shale gas firm has said it will invest Â£50m in Lancashire in the exploration phase of the project.
Mexico's attorney general has been sacked after his daughter tried to close down a restaurant in the capital, Enrique Pena Nieto.
Downing Street has said it is "very enthusiastic" about the prospect of finding and restoring two World War Two Spitfire planes buried in Burma.
Two men have been rescued from the top of a mountain in Gwynedd.
The detention of asylum seekers in England and Wales has been temporarily suspended amid concerns over the risk of unfairness.
It is almost inevitable that the UK is going to have a new system of national fiscal self-determination in the next few years.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who went missing more than a year ago.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock Europa is to open a new factory in London to help it diversify its client base.
BrewDog, the UK's largest bottled beer company, is set to double its turnover to £32m this year.
Sterling has fallen further against the dollar and the yen as the UK prepares to vote to leave the European Union.
A former TV producer has been jailed for 17 years for offering a hitman £250,000 to kill his wife.
The body of a British man who died fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Syria has been flown back to the UK.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency (NSA) collects millions of phone calls.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Adam Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A dog seized in Cornwall in 2013 was kept in kennels for two years before being destroyed, the BBC has learned.
There is "no glory in opposition", Chuka Umunna has said, after withdrawing from the Labour leadership contest.
A man died after being hit by a boat in Gwynedd, an inquest has heard.
Islamic State (IS) militants have sentenced 35 men to death for their part in the massacre of more than 100 Shia recruits in Iraq in 2014.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by surf magazine Surfstitch for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Chris Ambrose scored twice as Colchester came from behind to beat Bradford City and move up to second in League One.
Neolithic huts dating back 4,500 years have been uncovered at a site in Somerset.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Britain's Tony Parker will defend his WBO heavyweight title against Carlos Ruiz Jr in New Zealand on 10 December.
Mae'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley's suspension from England's Six Nations squad will not prevent him from captaining the national side, says Tony Ritchie.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months has accused the regime of lying about his son's condition.
The name "Fight of the Night" may not seem like a headline for a boxing event.
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US agent who was shot dead in 2010.
The White House has condemned a series of hoax bomb threats to Jewish community centres in the US, saying they are "unacceptable".
If you look at the statistics for England's Six Nations win over Italy in Cardiff on Saturday, it is easy to see why.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has announced a project to develop self-driving technology.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect further disruption and cancellations if a strike by Network Rail signallers goes ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal have arrested a man they say was the leader of a gang who raped a nun in March.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution urging lawmakers not to use the wrong flag emoji when referring to the state's flag.
The Premier League has signed a new deal with NBC Universal to broadcast live coverage of Premier League matches in the United States.
A stretch of road in Staffordshire is to be closed as part of a £1m repair project.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara to "strongly protest" at Russia's alleged violation of its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Steve Clarke says his side are in the Premiership's top six contenders for the first time in four years.
Peterborough United defender Ben Davies has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Dutch cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned from cycling for six months after being found to have a concealed motor.
Conor McGregor is a master of meticulous detail.
England prop Owen Farrell has been ruled out of Saturday's Test against Australia because of a hamstring injury.
A teenage girl with a rare form of dementia is calling for a drug to be made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Lichfield have been left out of the Women's Super Rugby competition by the Rugby Football Union.
The Football Association's decision to drop six England players from the Under-21 squad for Euro 2016 was "not necessarily the right thing to do", says chief executive Gareth Ashworth.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police officer has been praised for saving the life of a mother and baby who were taken to hospital after being hit by a car.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was gang-raped and sexually assaulted in a London pub has been jailed for six years.
A man who forced a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him has been jailed for eight years.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a petrol station in Londonderry.
More than 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain caused flash flooding.
The bodies of 43 Mexican students who went missing in September have been found at a landfill site in the western state of Guerrero, a report says.
The UK military is to send troops to Somalia to help the African Union mission in the country.
A six-year-old girl who was seriously injured when an inflatable football was blown into a crowd has been discharged from hospital.
United States striker Abby Wambach will retire at the end of the Women's World Cup in December.
The UK is the worst place in the world to start breastfeeding, according to a new report.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Adam Kebble from Stormers for next season.
Widnes Vikings head coach Alan Betts says his side are still doing "good things" despite their poor start to the season.
Palace has denied allegations that Prince Andrew sexually exploited a woman when she was under age.
Krystian Pearce's second-half header earned Mansfield a draw with fellow League Two strugglers York.
Two people have been arrested after a man was stabbed in a street in Brighton.
A man who blackmailed a woman into having sex with him has been jailed for six years.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Huddersfield Town striker Jordan Rhodes on a two-year deal.
The first temporary school buildings have been built at a Northamptonshire school that was badly damaged in a fire.
Former Scarlets chief executive Jon Davies wants Welsh players to return to the region.
Petra Kvitova beat Romania's Simona Halep to reach the WTA Finals for the first time in her career.
A County Antrim man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of men who attacked him in his home.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to undergo a major revamp as part of a multi-million pound redevelopment.
More than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in West Yorkshire were investigated in 2016, according to police.
Authorities in the US are investigating the deaths of dozens of undocumented immigrants who were found locked in a trailer near the border with Mexico.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Solihull Moors looks at her struggle with anorexia nervosa.
Items from the Windrush era are to go on display at a Nottingham museum as part of the city's Carnival.
The government has been accused of "interference" in the BBC's day-to-day scheduling, amid reports it could force the corporation to change its schedules.
A woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) has said she was refused a taxi in Carmarthenshire because she was unable to walk.
Europe's Philae lander has made contact with Earth for the first time in seven months, the European Space Agency (Esa) has said.
A police officer has been arrested after he performed karaoke in a Glasgow pub.
Kirsty Viljoen hit a career-best 48 not out on day one of the County Championship match against Northamptonshire.
The DUP has said it will take unilateral action if the government does not intervene in the crisis at Stormont.
Northamptonshire's Chris Buck took a career-best 13 wickets on the opening day of their County Championship match against Durham.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a missing woman from Greenock.
An advert for a computer conferencing company has been pulled by the charity Changing Faces.
Gary Madine's late goal earned Bolton a 3-2 win over Sheffield United in the EFL Cup first round.
Muslims in France are being offered a cup of tea to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Norway have agreed a 5% increase in the quota for cod for next year.
A pilot and his wife have been found safe and well after a plane crashed in a field in the East Midlands.
For more than a century the Swansea Canal has been a vital part of the city's history.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien have been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Tuesday.
Landlords in England are to be given the power to evict migrants who have been convicted of housing offences.
Dutch justice minister Johan Opstelten and justice minister Jeroen Teeven have resigned over claims that a convicted drug trafficker was paid less than he actually received.
Matt Swankie's stoppage-time strike gave Cowdenbeath victory over Forfar Athletic to move up to second in Scottish League Two.
Plans for a housing project in Carrickbridge, County Antrim, have been rejected by the council.
A norovirus outbreak has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
China has long been a country of fear.
Crocodile farming is one of the world's most lucrative and lucrative industries.
A fleet of gritters has been put on the roads of Dumfries and Galloway for the first time since the start of the winter season.
Ricky is the BBC's robot expert.
The mother of murdered toddler Liam Fee has said she is "shocked" by the death of her former friends.
Plans for a new paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the government.
More than 1,000 migrants and refugees have been moved out of the so-called "container camp" in the French port city of Calais, officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he welcomes reports that Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
Three teenagers have been arrested after a stabbing in Essex.
Plans to bring back eight-council councils in Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£55.3bn) in cash and stock.
A man who was sexually abused as a child has criticised the Scottish government for not doing enough to help victims.
A Russian motorcycle group has pulled out of a planned road trip through Poland, amid a row over its links with the Kremlin.
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa captain after the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew at a sub-par pace in the March quarter of 2014, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most iconic birds.
Mexican driver Sergio Perez has signed a two-year contract extension with Force India, keeping him at the team until the end of the 2017 season.
A mother has been ordered to attend school for her son by a council.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Italian Open.
A charity is hoping to open a free clinic for survivors of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Cardiff.
Scientists have produced a new class of thermosets that can be reused, rather than thrown away.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to the founder of venture capital firm Hoxton Ventures, David Woodford.
A new gin distillery has opened in the Scottish Borders.
One of Nottingham's most famous sporting events has been destroyed in a fire.
Men are more likely to die early than women, according to official figures.
A Michigan college student has been charged with hazing after allegedly eating peanut butter during an initiation ritual.
Norway has turned down a request to move one of its highest peaks across its border with Finland.
The Scottish economy is set to grow at its slowest pace in four years, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he was asked to be secretary of state by President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed to a bride-to-be to take a photo with her on her wedding day after a bridge collapsed.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A campaign has been launched to raise funds for a series of memorial sculptures to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the BBC that the country's reforms have stalled.
A man has been found guilty of attempted murder after CCTV footage was caught on camera of him trying to rob a shop.
The National Police Association (NBPA) has said it is "very concerned" about the way senior officers are dealt with in the police service.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old coins discovered in County Down more than a year ago has been declared treasure.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being rescued from the sea in Newcastle.
A British man who was killed in a crash in Thailand has been charged with causing the death of his girlfriend.
A woman who murdered a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack has been jailed for life.
It has been a week of optimism for the UK economy.
England midfielder Luke Shaw has been named in Manchester United's squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former first minister Alex Salmond has announced his retirement from the Scottish Parliament.
Three US hospitals have been put in an "internal state of emergency" after being hit by malware that encrypts files, documents and images.
We're BodyPositive, a new body positivity website, which is celebrating the birth of a new generation of women.
Sepp Blatter should resign as Fifa president, David Cameron has said.
Two diners have been killed in a stampede at a restaurant in northern Spain, police say.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to police.
Force India's Esteban Ocon has joined Mercedes on a two-year deal.
A care home in Glasgow has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Dog owners are used to saying things in a different language to their pets.
Four men have been found guilty of murdering a drug dealer in a turf war in Denbighshire.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Akpan has been banned for two games after being found guilty of misconduct by the Football Association.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City secured their first Championship win of the season as they came from behind to beat Cardiff City.
Adam Voges and Ravi Malan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Hampshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
The mother of a baby with a milk allergy has said she is "disappointed" by plans to stop offering soya-based formula milk to GPs.
Touchscreens are a familiar sight to many of us, but they can also be a source of nasty smears.
A Cardiff University student who was diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer has been urged to register for a stem cell transplant.
Doctors in Australia have removed part of a toddler's leg that was left behind when she was born in Bangladesh.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a housing complex in Fife.
Dundee United have signed former Gateshead midfielder Tom Jones on a two-year deal.
It is Ladies' Day at Aintree Racecourse and it is a day that is celebrated by many in Liverpool.
NHS England must respond to a report into the death of a woman who was refused a critical care operation at a Nottinghamshire hospital because of a lack of beds.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
England head coach Trevor Bayliss says one-day cricket is "a funny game".
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Michael van Gerwen won the World Championship for the first time in his career with a 6-5 win over David Wright in the final of the Northern Ireland Open.
What would a vote to leave the European Union mean for Northern Ireland?
Scotland captain Scott Greer says he is open to a return to the Championship after a spell out with injury.
Defence is supposed to be one of the most important issues for voters.
Lord Avebury, the Liberal Democrat MP for Orpington, has died at the age of 87.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen by 17% in the past year, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and could lead the Conservative Party one day, Lord Heseltine has said.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's centres.
Crystal Palace secured their first win of the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £16,000 in compensation over accidents in the classroom.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is a major trade deal between the European Union and the US.
Bristol head coach Rob Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach.
Germany's trade deficit shrank by 0.5% in November compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
A Red Cross volunteer who witnessed a jet crash on the A27 in Kent has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours list.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should "get stronger" to tackle corporate governance, former chief executive Lord Myners has said.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled at the unveiling of a statue in the Vale of Glamorgan.
When Vladimir Putin met Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right National Front, at the Elysee Palace in Paris in March 2014, he told her: "We do not want to influence events in any way."
The Liberal Democrats have said they will invest £1bn in apprenticeships and training over the next five years if they win the Welsh Assembly election.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its headquarters out of the UK to the European Union.
A sex offender who posted indecent images of children on Facebook and WhatsApp has been jailed for 35 months.
A police officer has been reprimanded after he mistakenly recorded the name and address of another man in a garden in Londonderry.
Spain's Carla Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Grand Slam title with victory in the Madrid Open final.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win their final World Cup Pool B match against South Africa.
Gatwick Airport has been given "guarantees" by the Airports Commission that it will take on the main risks of building a new runway.
League One side Cumbrian Town have signed Dutch international Pedro on a two-year deal.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
Crewe Alexandra have signed Bury striker Tom Lowe on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A British woman who took part in an obscene act in public on the Indonesian island of Sabah has been jailed.
Ethiopia is one of the most prosperous countries on the continent.
The family of a teenager killed in a bomb attack on a culture centre in Kobane, north-east Turkey, sit in a garden.
A memorial to aircrew killed in action has been damaged during break-ins at Lincoln Air Ambulance Centre.
Northampton Town have agreed a deal with the county council over a £10.25m loan to the club, the club has confirmed.
Shares in two of Hong Kong's biggest financial firms have fallen sharply after trading was suspended amid speculation that the firm is under investigation.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 MPs to his front bench, including eight from the black and minority ethnic community.
It has been a year since the Premier League announced the biggest TV deal in football history.
A national park in India has fined cricketer Ravindra Jadeja for taking selfies with a lion.
A prisoner who was due to appear in court on charges of murdering two schoolboys has died.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on British TV has risen by more than a third in the past year, a report has found.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of "dragging" money from the budget for free schools in England.
The Metropolitan Police are investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in the run-up to the mayoral election in Tower Hamlets.
It was 12 months ago that the Copper Box at the Olympic Park was transformed into a football stadium.
Former Castleford Tigers and Leigh Centurions prop Ben Chase says he is in the best shape he has ever been.
Britain's men's 4x400m relay team have moved into the bronze medal position at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in Beijing.
Coffee consumption may be linked to the ageing process, a study suggests.
Thailand has formally invited Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn to succeed his father as king.
Northern Ireland MP Peter Wilson has withdrawn from the race to become the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader.
First Lady Carwyn Jones is to return to The One Show in Cardiff for the first time since having a baby.
The Church of Ireland has said it is "not at all up to pace" with the debate on same-sex marriage.
A body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has been fined by the US for illegally exporting epoxy coating to Pakistan.
The new Ghostbusters film is set to be released next year, according to a new report.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned to expect delays as part of a series of improvements.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in support of independence for the Spanish region of Catalonia.
Prince Harry has shared a photo of himself wearing Christmas hats and balloons as he visited a children's home in South Africa.
Singapore has introduced new rules to restrict the number of taxi booking apps operating in the city-state.
Chris Woakes and James Anderson will replace injured James Anderson in the England side for the first Test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
A police dog who was shot in the leg by a suspected robber has been described as a hero.
A man has died in a house fire in Moray.
Protests have been held in the US city of Chicago over the deaths of four people who were shot by police.
The leader of Lesotho's unity government has said he has been removed from control by the army.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a "campaign of political harassment" after a break-in at his office in Cardiff.
A campaign has been launched to stop the building of pylons in the Lake District.
Photographs by Raul Roman and Lonnie Schlein
A state of emergency has been lifted in the US city of Baltimore, a day after a black man was killed by police.
League One side MK Dons have signed Aberdeen midfielder Ryan Quinn on a season-long loan deal.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious knee injury.
Lancashire batsman Alviro Petersen hit his first first-class century of the season on day two of their County Championship match at Lord's.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed little changed on Tuesday after the release of emails from Donald Trump's campaign.
David Cameron has said he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake".
Sebastian Coe has died at the age of 82.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Kamdjo on a two-year deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from all football-related activity for two years by Fifa.
A man accused of throwing sulphuric acid on a journalist has told a court that he thought it was a burglary.
Vauxhall has issued a recall of more than 280,000 of its Zafira B cars, after a number of them caught fire.
Donald Trump has accused the Republican Party of being "rigged" and "crooked" as he launched his bid for the party's presidential nomination.
A new military-style light saber combat sport has been launched in Cheltenham.
A man has died after his car was involved in a crash with a car in Coventry.
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to drill in the Chukchi Sea, the largest oil-rich region in the world.
A 27-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher in a hotel room.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after a woman was shot dead at his home in Johannesburg.
Tens of thousands of people in Turkey are being blocked from accessing the Tor network, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Luis Suarez has left the club by mutual consent.
The 2002 Rugby World Cup was the first major sporting event to be held in Japan.
Islamic State (IS) militants have retaken control of the ancient city of Palmyra in northern Syria, officials say.
A Co-op has apologised after a sign was painted over with the word "wrong".
Bath's visit to Leicester Tigers on Saturday is one of the biggest fixtures of the Premiership season, according to former Tigers scrum-half Paul Guscott.
Employers in Nottingham have been told they will no longer have to pay to park in the city's car park.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says he conceded too much during his time in charge of the club.
Celtic striker Scott Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to leave the club to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans to transform one of Wales' most recognisable buildings into a "cultural quarter" have been unveiled.
Voters in England will be required to show ID before casting their vote under government plans to tackle electoral fraud.
Matt Mullaney's unbeaten century helped Nottinghamshire take control on day two against Surrey at Trent Bridge.
The family of a paralysed man who died at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland have said they are "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him".
A petition calling for safer rides for horses has been submitted to the Welsh assembly.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has been named the best book of the year by the Ministry of Defence.
Disabled students at universities in England are facing cuts of up to £100m a year, the government has announced.
A self-published author has said he was "shocked" to be asked to cover up the names of some of the UK's most famous towns and villages.
Ireland scrum-half CJ Stander says Munster will not be intimidated by Glasgow Warriors' tactics in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield.
Women who are overweight or obese are to be recruited into a two-year trial to see if losing weight could reduce the risk of recurrence of breast cancer.
Leonardo Goretzka scored twice as Germany beat Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup final.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has become the first person to complete 27 marathons in South Africa.
Norwich City manager Chris Neil says his side's 2-1 win over Norwich City was crucial in their fightback from 2-0 down.
Crotone celebrated their return to Serie A with a 3-1 win over Lazio, who were relegated from the top flight.
Christopher Ritchie is to direct a film adaptation of the hit TV series The Man From U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria's economy has fallen into recession for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rally in energy stocks.
Nicholas George Winton was one of the UK's most decorated civil servants.
The number of prisoners released in error in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
A new £5 coin will be minted in honour of Prince George, the Royal Mint has announced.
The North East Coast Exhibition is to open in Gateshead in 2018, organisers have announced.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her son in County Londonderry.
Juventus clinched the Serie A title for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United won the Championship title for the first time in their history with victory over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a supermarket.
When I first heard the debate about Yorkshire's future in the 1970s, I was a bit taken aback.
Barratt Homes has announced plans for two new housing developments in Edinburgh.
Britain's Kat Page has won Olympic gold in the women's trampoline at the Rio Games.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool.
Witches' marks have been found in medieval houses, churches and other buildings in the hope of making the world a safer place, it has been claimed.
A tall tower at Didcot power station has collapsed in fog, prompting calls for people to check it out.
A ferry service between Sandown and Southsea could be extended to the Isle of Wight, according to travel company Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the worst since 1987, according to new figures.
The director of Titanic Belfast has said Northern Ireland's tourism industry needs to be better served.
A man who admitted killing a man with a single stab wound in Brighton has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire after a misconduct investigation.
Barnet moved to within a point of League Two leaders Newport County with victory at Hartlepool.
Sunderland midfielder Jermaine Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austrian striker Christian Harnik has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Claude Montanier says it will be "difficult" to reach the third round of the European Challenge Cup.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault.
Tens of thousands of people have visited a Yorkshire sculpture to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has revealed that he is gay.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has launched an investigation into the deaths of members of a paramilitary unit in Belfast in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town to protect young people from anti-social behaviour.
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for beating his ex-girlfriend so badly she thought he was going to kill her.
US missionary Kenneth Bae, who was held in a North Korean labour camp for 15 months, has been returned to the camp, US officials say.
Two of the UK's most famous seaside piers are being put up for sale.
South Africa have sacked coach Ravi Domingo after just two months in charge of the team.
Some of the UK's biggest ISPs are still not doing enough to protect their websites from hackers, a BBC investigation has found.
Online gambling firms are "likely to be breaking consumer law" by offering "wagering requirements" which prevent punters from withdrawing their winnings, says the UK's competition watchdog.
The death of singer Lil' Chris was accidental, an inquest has heard.
Northern Ireland's performance in their Euro 2016 qualifier against Poland was disappointing.
Electrical shocks could improve the ability of people with dyscalculia to solve maths puzzles, say neuroscientists.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Bradford has been named by police.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has access to millions of phone records, according to documents obtained by the Guardian.
Rory McIlroy says he is "not feeling great" ahead of the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire captain James Bell has announced his retirement from cricket at the end of the season.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has been accused of covering up the attack on the seaside resort of Nice, which was carried out by a Tunisian man.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "hopeful" he will be able to pick up the pace in the future after winning the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye, the former personal doctor of Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, has said he will not run again.
A Cardiff man has said he fears for his pets after a colony of tube web spiders invaded his home.
Ulster Bank has reported a pre-tax profit of £9m for 2016, up from £6m a year earlier.
A man has been found dead in a street in north Belfast.
A Nobel laureate has apologised for remarks he made about "having trouble with girls" in the 1970s.
The number of people seeking help for social care in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to official figures.
A Bolivian air traffic control worker has written to the Brazilian authorities to accuse her superiors of a cover-up over the deadly Chapecoense plane crash in May.
Four members of a cult in China have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a woman in a McDonald's restaurant in Shandong province.
Taylor Swift and Katy Perry have traded barbs on social media.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
More than £500,000 was spent on civil servants' cards in the first three months of the year, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Plans for a new Scottish film studio in Glasgow have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Prue Leith is to step down as judge of Great British Bake Off after 11 years.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game as Egypt beat Uganda to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from taking their pets for walks in public.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Zimbabwe's political crisis.
The University of Staffordshire has announced plans to convert a former courtroom into a teaching centre.
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami in Greenland.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the A90 in Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump "very shortly", the White House has said.
The US State Department asked the FBI to change a classified Hillary Clinton email to unclassified, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the most expensive city to live in in terms of quality of life, according to a survey.
Gillingham manager Paul Pennock says he is "very happy" with the club's new-look squad.
Lionsgate Pictures has signed a deal to distribute video games through its Steam platform, the company has announced.
Mexican authorities have arrested seven people suspected of helping drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman escape from a maximum-security prison.
The completion of a new primary school in North Lanarkshire is "highly unlikely" to be completed in October, Highland Council has said.
The government has announced changes to the way it pays VAT.
All pupils in England should have to study a range of academic subjects at GCSE, the head of Ofsted has said.
Work has begun on Portsmouth's new naval base.
Police are continuing their search for a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of a rare shark off the coast of Wales.
Lava has been spewing out of a volcano in Hawaii.
RTÉ has failed in its bid to have a High Court injunction discharged over comments made by a Sinn Féin TD in the Dáil.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been withdrawn from the Tour de France because of doping concerns.
The US has released a Czech man who was held in Syria for more than two years, the State Department has said.
A review into the murder of former Ulster Defence Association (UDA) leader Pat Finucane has found that agents of the state were involved in the attack.
Scottish Football Association chairman Ian Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on the issue of gambling in the game.
A Chicago police officer has pleaded not guilty to charges over the fatal shooting of a black teenager last year.
The Independent newspaper is to be published online for the first time in more than 20 years, its publisher has announced.
Newport County have rejected a bid from Gillingham for defender David Byrne.
A new plastic fiver has been introduced in the UK.
A 90-year-old Australian man who went missing six days ago has said he is lucky to be alive.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side are not ready to fight for the Premier League title after their 2-0 defeat by Liverpool.
Syrian state television has reported that government forces have captured a district of the city of Homs.
Arsenal midfielder Didier Xhaka has been questioned by police over an allegation that he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
The president of the Russian-administered Abkhazia region has been accused of attempting a coup by leading anti-government protesters.
India's transport ministry has been praised for helping a pregnant woman find milk for her baby daughter in a crowded railway station.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" to describe people who have been psychiatric inpatients.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Birmingham have all denied claims made in the Sunday Times that a doctor prescribed banned performance-enhancing drugs to them.
A referendum on an elected mayor for south east Wales is "not going to hit the target", a councillor has said.
Plans to close two of the UK's most important naval sites have been announced, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
Nigeria's military says it has recaptured more than 100 schoolgirls who were abducted from a boarding school in north-eastern Borno state on Tuesday.
More than 100 people have been arrested in a raid on a tobacco plant in Birmingham.
Surrey Police's approach to tackling organised crime is "not good enough", the Home Secretary Amber Rudd has said.
BBC Worldwide's global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
A Victorian reception house used to hold the dead before funerals has been given Grade II listed status.
A cartoon depicting US President Donald Trump has been selected for an exhibition in Tehran.
Bernie Sanders has become the most popular Democratic presidential candidate in US history.
Port Vale beat West Bromwich Albion to move into the League One play-off places.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Norwich City midfielder Ryan Keane on loan until the end of the season.
A woman has been injured in a burglary at a house in Aberdeenshire.
Tributes have been paid to six people who died in a car crash in Glasgow just days before Christmas.
England reached the final of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a 24-22 win over New Zealand.
The M4 in Northamptonshire has been closed after a lorry overturned.
Popular Serbian artist Marina Abramovic has opened the Serpentine Gallery in London's Kensington Gardens.
Sinn Féin's leader has said there is an urgent need for an effective executive to be in place in Northern Ireland.
A Scottish engineering firm has secured £1m of funding from the Scottish government to help it meet the needs of the rural economy.
An 82-year-old woman has been murdered in her home in Aberdeenshire.
Chilean authorities have declared a state of emergency in the capital, Santiago, to try to contain a series of forest fires.
The US has criticised Israel for announcing plans to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank.
A couple who took their children to Germany to visit relatives have been told they should return home, a judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled in a Black Country park to mark the centenary of the first strike by women chainmakers.
The return of more than 1,000 Kenyan youth to Somalia is an "opportunity" for the armed forces, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
A woman has been seriously injured in a crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay, the Department of Health has said.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested after they were found with indecent images of themselves on social media.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a sergeant and injuring two other soldiers in revenge for bullying.
Toyota has announced plans to invest £100m in a new plant in Derbyshire.
More public money is needed to protect the health of footballers in Wales, a leading charity has said.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) party leader Helen Zille has announced she is stepping down.
British welterweight champion Darren Eubank Jr has offered to give his father a British title belt in a "goodwill gesture".
A couple in the US state of Alaska have been told their son has been killed by a police officer on his birthday.
Championship side Queens Park Rangers have signed QPR left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament has no power to trigger Brexit without the consent of the Scottish Parliament, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
The family of former MI5 agent Gerry Adams have said claims that he was murdered by the Provisional IRA are "absolute nonsense".
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the life of a World War Two German prisoner of war who died in a concentration camp.
A suspicious device has been found on a road in Londonderry.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton struggled with a hydraulic problem.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been told to close after a child was left unattended on a minibus for two hours.
The owner of B&Q chain in the UK, Kingfisher, is to sell its stake in the home improvement chain in China.
Canada has said it is "impossible" to sign an international trade deal with the European Union after Belgium blocked it.
Survivors of the Aberfanwick slurry disaster have been speaking at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Last Samuri will attempt to become the first top weight to win the Grand National twice in a row when the race gets under way on Saturday.
Former British and European champion Michael McKenzie will make his professional debut in November after agreeing to fight for the first time in the UK.
A rare marine bird has been photographed with a plastic bag in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester.
People in Nottinghamshire have overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna to move up to second in Serie A.
The Scottish government's Culture and European Affairs watchdog has said it was justified in awarding a grant to the organiser of the Balado music festival.
Anthony Joshua has "George Foreman, Frank Bruno brutish strength" to challenge for the IBF heavyweight title, says former world champion Chris Harrison.
The death of the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Jayaram Jayalalitha, has shocked the country.
Police investigating the discovery of human remains in a motorway embankment have said they believe they may have been subjected to a crime.
At least 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base, the Afghan army says.
It's been a great start to the year for the British Davis Cup team.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is a small building in the centre of the Serbian capital.
New Falkirk manager Kevin Houston says he is relishing the prospect of helping the Bairns reach the Championship play-offs.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Penlee.
John Johnston's late goal gave Kilcoo victory over Scotstown in the All-Ireland Football semi-final at Croke Park.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she would love to qualify for the Great Britain team at the Rio Olympics after fellow Briton Sarah Stanford was ruled out of the race.
The Republic of Ireland's new Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) is due to be announced later.
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington in Cumbria has been adjourned.
US space agency United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled a new design for its next-generation rocket.
The death of one of the founding members of the A$AP Mob was ruled an accident, according to reports.
Sheffield Wednesday manager Billy Saunders says he is investigating claims that striker Mame Diouf was involved in a sex attack before a match.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his side are not daunted by the prospect of facing Slovenian side Maribor in the Europa League.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the final foursomes of the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Sunday.
The number of Grade A offices in Belfast has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to new figures.
When Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant exploded in March 2011, it was the worst accident in the history of nuclear power.
A police helicopter has been targeted by a laser beam in the sky over Northamptonshire.
A machine lip-reading system has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May has said that she wants to keep the UK in the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to control the spread of sugar cane toads.
England captain Waqar Khan says he has no doubts about the International Cricket Council's handling of the second Test against Pakistan.
Google is to stop offering 30-second adverts on its website.
Swansea City defender Chris Chester and Reading defender James Matthews have been named in Wales' squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 8 June.
The Equality Commission has been criticised in court over its decision to order a Muslim baker to bake a gay cake.
Athletics' governing body has ratified proposals to wipe world records from the books if they do not meet all three criteria.
A father accused of forcing his son and another man to work for £50 a day has told the Old Bailey how he was forced to buy sweets for the youngest of his children.
A 20-year-old woman has died after being involved in a crash with a car in Belfast city centre.
Rugby's world governing body has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The first female officer to have trained at Sandhurst Academy has been appointed as the new head of the academy.
A jewellers has been robbed in a similar attack in Greater Manchester.
Paul Stirling and Mark Robson hit centuries as Middlesex dominated day two against Yorkshire at Headingley.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a woman was shot in the eye with a laser pen in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a psychiatrist has said.
The US economy added just 138,000 jobs in May, according to official figures, a sharp slowdown from the previous month.
Reading midfielder Ben McAnuff says he would consider leaving the Championship club at the end of the season.
The average number of steps a person takes a day is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement, a study suggests.
The NHS in England is facing a deficit of £26m if it does not take over the new 111 telephone service by the end of the financial year.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade knows the pressure on his job, according to the club's director of football Jim Dalman.
Online retailer Next has won a High Court case against HM Revenue and Customs over tax paid on overseas profits.
Banksy has been named as the winner of the South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A police officer who saved the life of MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross for his bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he was "almost passed out" after being shown a scan showing a tumour in his spine.
The investigation into the Manchester Arena attack is under way.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Dundrod Grand Prix because of injury.
"I'm fine, thanks, thanks."
The price of carbon has fallen below 4.8 euros a tonne for the first time in more than a year, amid concerns about the impact of a global oversupply of the fuel.
Ghana's government has ordered a private company to pay $1.5m (Â£1.3m) to a contractor for the branding of 116 imported buses.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in a deadly attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels, officials say.
The Hillsborough inquests have been held into the deaths of more than 10,000 football fans who fell on top of each other during the match.
The man who led the search for the remains of the Disappeared in West Yorkshire in the 1970s has died.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been rejected by the county council.
A baby with tonsillitis was taken to hospital after a plastic angel was found in his oesophagus.
Malaysia's government has cancelled a concert by pop star Miley Cyrus because of a photo of her with tattoos on her body.
A rare sea turtle which washed up on British and European shores last month has died.
It's been a busy year for me as England captain.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed former Saracens scrum-half Rhys Tomkins on a two-year deal.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jordan Wildsmith has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
Cumbria City manager Paul Cox has confirmed striker Ryan Cook has turned down a new deal with the club.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century gave Lancashire the upper hand against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side have "made some history" after a 3-0 series whitewash by Australia.
A giant panda cub has been born at Hong Kong's Ocean Park for the first time in more than a decade.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in Bucharest has risen to at least 30, Romanian officials say.
A woman has admitted killing her boyfriend on a night out in Lincolnshire.
A hospital trust has been ordered to pay £295,000 to the family of a girl who was seriously injured after being born with hypothermia.
A judge has criticised a city council for failing to act on concerns about the long-term future of a boy who had sex with his niece.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a man who threatened to kill her have lost their appeal at the Supreme Court.
Facebook has been accused of "tramples" on European and Belgian privacy laws after it refused to explain how it collected user data.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have said they will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
NHS watchdogs in Wales have said they are "disappointed" that they have been described as the "best kept secret in Wales".
HBO has cancelled the second season of Sir Mick Jagger's music drama Vinyl.
Childline Northern Ireland received a record number of calls from suicidal children last year, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £2m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the men's 200m individual medley title for the first time in his career.
Two firecrackers have been thrown at Metz striker Goncalo Lopes during a match between the French club and Lyon on Saturday.
A man has been arrested after two men died in a crash involving a car and a lorry.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new attempt to legalise assisted dying in Scotland.
Baltimore Orioles fans have been locked out of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles due to the ongoing protests over the death of a black man.
Transgender identity has become a big issue in many parts of the world.
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether the country should remain in the European Union.
A man has died in a crash on the A465 Hereford Road in Powys.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum, the company's owner Derek McColl has announced.
It is one of the quietest towns in Wales.
A man who threw a boy to the ground and called a girl a "whore" has been jailed for eight years.
Prison standards in England and Wales have been reduced to a punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker, says the Prison Trust.
A 33-year-old man has been charged after police were called to a disturbance in Belfast city centre.
Rescue workers in Indonesia say they have found more than 100 people dead after a powerful earthquake hit the country's Aceh province on Tuesday.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 2-13 to 0-13 in the Division Three game at Corrigan Park.
More than 100 people have been charged in the French capital, Paris, over air pollution, according to a lawyer for the victims.
Germany came from behind to beat Denmark and reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely in favour of equality" as he prepares to become leader of the party.
A privacy campaigner in the Republic of Ireland has launched a fresh legal challenge to Facebook's handling of data transfers to the US.
Birmingham City captain Joe Robinson has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
Firefighters have been called to a number of homes in south-east London in the past week to deal with pest control devices.
Poland's forest foresters have described as "undoubtedly the worst disaster" in the country's forestry history.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its budget to fund further education staff redundancies.
Forfar Athletic moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders Inverness Caledonian Thistle with a 3-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
The original interview notes of four men who were cleared of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have gone missing.
Councils should be given the power to take on the running of failing academies, councils have said.
The benefits of cholesterol-lowering drug statins are "very much larger" than the numbers who have side effects with it, a review suggests.
British astronaut Tim Peake has landed safely in Kazakhstan after a successful mission to the International Space Station.
Romania won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with a comfortable victory over China in the men's team epee.
The government is to introduce a tax on diesel cars in England and Wales to tackle air pollution, it has been announced.
Dundee manager James McCann says he will be speaking to the club's managing director about the difficulty in identifying key players.
IOC president Thomas Bach has said he has no regrets about his decision to ban the Russian team from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales and Barbarians flanker John Faull has died at the age of 90.
A decade of economic growth in India has produced a mixed picture of the country's society.
Tiger Woods says he is "feeling good" about his recovery from back surgery and is looking forward to the start of the 2017 season.
A woman has described the moment she answered the door of a house in Londonderry where a man was shot in the leg.
A man has been arrested in Thailand on suspicion of running the illegal drug marketplace Silk Road.
David Fox scored twice as promotion-chasing Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield.
The London Sevens is one of the most exciting rugby tournaments in the world and I am looking forward to the return to Twickenham for the 10th and last leg of the series.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says his side will enjoy their return to the Premiership next season.
A hang glider rider has been found dead in a nature reserve in Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Scott Morrison says the club's late goals have been "devastating" for the fans.
Zambia coach David Chambeshi says his side have the strength and power to beat Germany on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro, ahead of a vote to elect a new constituent assembly.
Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin has said.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp in the centre of Paris.
BBC Radio 4's Today programme presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a ferry service in Hampshire.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car are raising money to set up a centre for young people to learn about woodland survival.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd singer Syd Barrett is to be unveiled next year, its designer has said.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been condemned for comments he made about a female missionary who was raped while ministering in a prison.
Former Prime Minister Sir John Major has been accused of a "absolute dismissal of democracy" after he called for a second referendum on Brexit.
A photographer has won a competition to take a photograph of the Bristol skyline.
The number of enquiries about GCSE and A-level results in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to official figures.
Boeing has reported a sharp fall in sales and profits in the fourth quarter of the year, as demand for its military aircraft continued to decline.
Coleraine rower Paul Cassells and Dan Scrimgeour have won the European Rowing Championships for the second year in a row.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the first Test to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
A major online university provider says it is "absolutely convinced" that online courses will be fully online within five years.
Belfast Stakes won the Irish Derby for the first time in his career with a comfortable victory at Aintree.
The Irish Travelling community in the Republic of Ireland may have an Irish ancestry, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise a stretch of road in Inverness which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A 33-year-old man has been charged with the murder of two women whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's European Triathlon Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Plans to reopen the Burrell Museum in Glasgow have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
A bend in the River Thames in Somerset has been restored after years of flooding.
Yemenia Airways has been charged by French authorities over a plane crash in the Mediterranean in 2007 that killed 152 people.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has said that Republicans who make weird noises during an election campaign should shut up.
Orlando City Women have signed former world player of the year Marta from Brazilian side FC Rosengard for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour leader Andy Murray has claimed victory in the general election.
Catalans Dragons have appointed Jean Frayssinous as their new head coach.
Twin Princess Gabriella and Prince Albert II have been born to the royal family in Monaco.
A new maternity clinic is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital to help women who have experienced sexual violence during labour.
Kirsty Foster and James Reid missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the women's 100m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Five people have been arrested in connection with violent disorder on the M20 in Maidstone, Kent.
Banks and accountants should be liable for financial penalties if they help people evade tax, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in crisis.
Nigel Farage should take a break as leader of UKIP, the party's leader has said.
The Wedgwood Museum has signed off on the sale of its collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Saudi Arabia is one of the most powerful countries in the Arab world.
The number of children being bullied online in England and Wales has risen by more than a third in the past year, a report has said.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have been killed by a car in County Fermanagh.
A £300,000 deal has been reached to buy a Corn Exchange supermarket in a Denbighshire town.
When the prime minister said "opportunity" was at the heart of his election manifesto, he meant it.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen sharply, according to new figures.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Vuelta a Espana after a crash in the final stage.
Vic Vine has apologised after a video emerged of a teenage boy being savagely punched to the ground by a gang of bullies in Manchester.
More than half of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to a new report.
A Prestwick airfield says it expects to have the highest amount of traffic it has ever had for a summer period this year.
Hewlett-Packard, the world's biggest maker of personal computers, is to cut 1,000 jobs as part of a restructuring plan.
Partick Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell.
The number of hours waiting to handover patients at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire has risen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman in Oxford.
Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 87.
A lion cub has been found in a cage at a zoo in Saudi Arabia after being rescued by staff.
George Osborne is to meet German finance ministers in Berlin later to discuss the UK's plans for reform of the EU.
An Australian company has been fined for causing the collapse of a sacred rock in a remote part of the country.
It's Black Friday, the UK's biggest shopping day of the year.
A transgender woman in India has become the first woman to be appointed a police officer in the country.
GAA director general Michael Duffy has published a discussion paper calling for the abolition of the inter-county minor grade.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Londonderry.
A British company has developed a 3D-scan prosthetic arm that can be fitted to 3D scan amputees.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to reach the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the most famous stadiums in the world.
Wrexham have appointed former Newport County striker Chris Morrell as their new manager on a two-year deal.
As the pound continues to fall against the dollar, what is the impact on international shoppers on the UK economy?
Civil servants are being asked to help secure the UK border ahead of a planned strike by public sector workers, union bosses have said.
Olympic 10,000m champion Shola Cheruiyot missed out on a medal as she finished 13th in the Olympic trials in Rio.
The bodies of two men who died in a "flashover explosion" at a quarry in Edinburgh have been recovered, police have said.
The US and Russia have called for air drops to be carried out on besieged areas of Syria to allow humanitarian aid to be delivered.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says.
Bristol City have signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against Lance Armstrong, accusing the former Tour de France champion of fraud.
A new partnership for people affected by rare diseases has been launched.
Two teenage girls accused of stabbing a classmate to death in Wisconsin have been ordered to stand trial as adults by a judge.
The US army has given the go-ahead to work on the final section of a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
Hungary's governing Fidesz party has held its final rally in the capital, Budapest, ahead of Sunday's parliamentary elections.
Two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a goods trailer from a dairy in Conwy county.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Australia after being caught in a rip current, local media report.
Boris Johnson has said the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three.
At the age of 16, Kailash Kohli was working in an engineering classroom in Delhi.
The US has carried out air strikes on al-Shabab militants in Somalia, the Pentagon has said.
A stained glass window at a Cardiff church is to be repaired after it was damaged in a fire.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a garden wall in Birmingham.
New maths tests are to be introduced in England as part of a drive to improve standards.
British Gymnastics is investigating a video posted on social media in which former Strictly Come Dancing star Adam Smith appears to mock a retired gymnast.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to prevent the closure of the International Living Fund (ILF).
The UK-based outsourcing firm G4S has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £3.2bn for the three months to the end of March.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela in clashes between police and opposition supporters of President Nicolas Maduro.
Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its A380 passenger jet from 15 to eight.
The head of one of the UK's biggest firms has said it would be "definitely in" if the UK left the European Union.
A section of a high rise in the Indian city of Mumbai has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
US investment firm BlackRock is to cut a further 10,000 jobs as part of cost-cutting efforts, according to reports.
When Daniel Dwyer left QPR at the end of last season, he had no idea what he was going to do next.
Russia has been told to "dance on the table" and "sing a song" if it wants to compete at the Rio Olympics.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after their ashes were mistakenly scattered at a family's home.
The chief executive of the British SkyB is to address the BBC's critics at an event in Edinburgh later.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has intervened in the junior doctors' dispute with the government.
Hamilton Academical came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and move into the Scottish Premiership's top six.
A £15m fund to boost the fortunes of the north of England has been announced.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while pregnant.
Italian police have arrested 18 people in a series of raids in the north-eastern province of Calabria.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will repeal a controversial law that has led to the collapse of the economy.
A new code of conduct for police officers has been introduced in Scotland.
A 79-year-old woman has been told she will have to dig up a road to install a landline.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most successful political leaders.
Designer Tommy Hilfiger has said he is "very unhappy" with a report that suggested Gigi Hadid was not thin enough.
The family of former US DJ Casey Kasem are suing his stepmother for $250,000 (Â£166,000) in damages.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been expelled from France after being arrested at a match in Spain.
Jammeh, the former leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo, has been arrested on suspicion of embezzlement from the state coffers.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock, who were sent off for the second time this season.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to four points with victory over St Johnstone.
South Africa will face Argentina in the quarter-finals of the Rugby Sevens World Cup after winning all of their pool matches.
Google has introduced a new system to stop people setting up automated bots on websites.
Paralympic sprinter Michael Smyth says he is aiming to improve on his performance at the European Championships in Daegu last month.
A number of cakes have been removed from a golf club after a party attended by Irish Gypsies.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has been quizzed by MPs on the impact of Brexit on Wales.
The Boojum Mexican restaurant chain has been sold to a group of businessmen in the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack in London.
A Russian warplane has crashed in Syria, killing all 224 people on board.
Iraqi government forces have carried out a series of air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Falluja, the military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Our Duke, ridden by Joe Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career as he finished second in the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed yn ôl ym Môn wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn.
The NHS in England has introduced a new "learning from mistakes league" to improve the quality of investigations into serious incidents.
A disabled man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" at his home in Inverness.
A man has died after his car left the road and crashed into a tree.
Iran has been gripped by a huge pay scandal in recent months.
Rangers in Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming have issued a warning after a baby bison calf was rejected by its mother.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.5% in the year to March 2016, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are set to lose their jobs after councillors voted to change their contracts.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international David McDiarmid on a two-year deal.
Former world number one Heather Watson has been replaced by Argentine coach Fabio Veronelli on the WTA tour.
In the wake of the attack on an aid convoy and hospital in Damascus on Friday, the Syrian conflict appears to be heading for a brutal stalemate.
Two British pupils have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that "the world needs you very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new contract, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
"Twenty years ago, you would not have been considered an entrepreneur," says Shona Terry, who runs a hair salon in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi.
A 12-year-old boy's death could have been prevented if he had been examined earlier, a GP has told a court.
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire have been branded "vital" by a conservation charity.
A letter from the US President George W Bush to his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin is to be auctioned.
A museum in Singapore has returned a bronze sculpture thought to have been stolen from a temple in India.
A vintage train has arrived at a London airport for the first time.
Luke Donald says he decided not to be a baby when he retired from golf at the end of last year.
In the early 20th Century, a small town in Camaguey province in the north-west of Cuba was founded by a group of pioneers.
Voting has begun in local elections in England and Wales.
There will be 40,000 fewer cases of dementia in the UK over the next 20 years, according to a new study.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against the High Court's decision not to hear a case brought by a father who took his daughter on holiday.
The family of a Dundee man who kept his identity a secret for more than 60 years have paid tribute to him.
Thousands of people have attended the funeral of a German woman who was killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Theresa May has set out her plans for No 10 in her speech to the Conservative Party conference.
A football referee has died after being hit by a punch during a game in the US state of Michigan, police say.
A 22-year-old woman has been shot dead in a "brutal act of violence" in the US state of Indiana, police say.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to persuade a teenager to carry out a plot to kill a soldier in the wake of the Rigby attack.
An Indian journalist has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a report that banned Muslims from teaching yoga.
Scientists have measured the amplitude of a tide at the bottom of the Loch Ness loch.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash which killed 11 people has been postponed because of a lack of progress in the police investigation.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines and stealing more than £100,000 from cash machines in Merseyside.
Pope Francis sent out the wrong message about child sexual abuse in the Australian Catholic Church, a senior bishop has said.
Celtic are open to the possibility of signing Manchester City midfielder Pat Roberts on a free transfer.
A robot that can travel at up to 5km/h (1mph) on a tank of diesel has been developed by an animatronics artist.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack, according to a new report.
Pope Francis is due to make his first public appearance since taking office in Rome on 1 November.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said he is "as suitable" for the job as he is to fight tax evasion.
Laura Muir has set a new Scottish record for the women's 1500m.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Birmingham City came from behind to draw with Newcastle United in the FA Cup third round.
Mark Cavendish's bid to win Olympic gold in the men's road race ended in disappointment as Russia's Grigor Vinokourov won silver.
It's nearly 20 years since All Saints formed, and the band are back in the studio with a new album, but what does it take to be a female pop band?
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares have been knocked out of the ATP World Tour Finals in the quarter-finals.
A man has died after being hit by a car.
Volunteers are being urged to clean up the Isle of Man's beaches.
A blanket ban on the sale of so-called legal highs is to be introduced in the UK, the government has announced.
As NFL commissioner Roger Goodell prepares for the start of his first full season in charge of the US National Football League (NFL), what is it like to be a professional football player?
A nurse who filmed himself raping patients in an accident and emergency department has been jailed for eight years.
Ballyliffin Golf Club in County Donegal is to host the Irish Open in 2019 and 2020.
Jack Leaning's maiden first-class century helped Yorkshire take control against Lancashire on day two at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays to dairy farmers for their milk.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised for misleading users about the dangers of cloned ink cartridges.
A judge has ruled that Donald Sterling, the owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team, can sell the team to his estranged wife.
A primary school has been forced to close after a "perfect storm" of bugs forced it to close on Thursday.
More than 70,000 people in Wales are not registered to vote in May's assembly election, the Electoral Commission's Presiding Officer has said.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it is "as well prepared as any company can be" to continue its pursuit of offshore oil in the Arctic.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who has been found guilty of murder.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "very fierce punitive and deterring response" against those who throw stones, fire-bombs and explosives on Jewish New Year's Eve.
The president of the Republic of Ireland is to introduce controversial abortion legislation.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat station have agreed to take back their pagers in a bid to save the station from closure.
Kumar Sangakkara hit his first first-class century of the season as Surrey beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun.
Bumblebees and bumblebees are fighting each other to find a suitable place to nest, a study suggests.
The Prince of Wales has told Royal Gurkha Rifles cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears".
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahamadou from French side Le Havre.
The US has warned that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) could be the most dangerous jihadist group in the world.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray says there has been progress in the Six Nations, despite their poor start to the tournament.
A review of the Northern Ireland Tourist Board has called for a review of its relationship with Invest NI.
"He was the best striker in the world," says Antonio Carlos da Silva, the coach of Team Brazil's football team in Rio de Janeiro.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs after what was thought to be a new form of MDMA was mistakenly sold as MDMA.
Sir Mick Jagger has said he is "deeply saddened" by the death of his partner L'Wren Scott.
More than 4,000 new homes could be built in York over the next five years, according to a new report.
A radio station in Zimbabwe has gone into administration, with the loss of more than one million listeners.
NHS England is being urged to ring-fence extra funding for children's mental health services, amid fears some services are being cut.
The family of a teenager who will be singing in the Eurovision Song Contest have been invited to celebrate his success.
Huddersfield Giants have signed former Leeds Rhinos prop Matt Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again - time to get active!
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gertrude Ohene looks at the challenges faced by women in Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country over an attack on a US diplomat, the Pentagon has said.
Ben Stokes hit a century as England beat India by eight wickets in the first one-day international to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
A police force has been referred to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has a responsibility to investigate and punish those responsible for the deaths of people in Northern Ireland, a senior European official has said.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at how artificial intelligence could change the way we interact with computers.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after two teenagers went missing in West Yorkshire.
Britain's Chris Scott won gold in the men's 100m windsurfing at the European Championships in Italy.
A parade has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the freedom of Yeovil Naval Base.
A man who had his car stolen has said he was told by police he had no chance of being caught.
Karen Khong is one of Malaysia's most famous philanthropists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Sola Odunfa looks at the challenges facing Nigeria's education system.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear accident was a "manmade disaster" that could and should have been prevented, Japan's nuclear accident watchdog has said.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down in June.
Natwest and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned customers that they could be charged interest if the Bank of England turns the official interest rate negative.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals for the first time in their history.
Former Liverpool striker Chris Coady is determined to help his side reach the fourth round of the FA Cup at Anfield.
A County Londonderry bar has been closed after a man was found dead at the premises.
A man who ate a fish won at a fair has been banned from owning animals.
Serbia have been banned from their Euro 2016 qualifier against Albania after Uefa ruled they had forfeited the match because of crowd trouble.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest oil company.
Wrexham ended their pre-season campaign with a 2-0 defeat by Bury in the National League.
Pakistan have been cleared to play the World Twenty20 in India in March and April.
Blackburn Rovers need to "get that bit between their teeth" after manager Gary Rowett branded his side "unprofessional" and "lacking desire" in Saturday's defeat by Peterborough.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has said he will form a government that will "save the nation" after the Senate voted to suspend his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff.
An ancient river in China's Jishi Gorge was the source of one of the world's largest floods, according to a new study.
A Florida teenager has been charged with fraud and theft after allegedly posing as a medical doctor to seek treatment for stomach pain.
Rafael Nadal is one of the most famous tennis players in the world.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports season has ended with a record number of skier days, according to new figures.
Two police officers have been jailed for two years for conspiring to steal drugs worth Â£7,000 from a police force.
Lancashire captain James Giles says his side are "far from safe" after a poor start to the season.
A man who raped and robbed a woman in Leicester has been jailed for life.
Cornwall head coach David Dawe says the League One final at Twickenham could be moved away from the stadium.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has been helping students get home from the University of Texas with a new project.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over state-owned property after they leave office.
Donald Trump has said he will rebuild the US "in the worst shape they've ever been in before" after criticism of his charitable foundation.
Former Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 74, his family has announced.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a sandbank in the Highlands.
A bid by the Northern Ireland attorney general to invoke his powers to appeal against a High Court ruling against a gay cake refusal has been rejected by the Court of Appeal.
The Labour Party has been accused of trying to "invigorate" the general election by refusing to allow non-Labour supporters to vote.
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight because he was black has said he is "horrified and shocked" by the incident.
The killing of a man in an RAF drone strike in Syria was "extra-judicial", Welsh Labour MP Harriet Harman has said.
The Welsh Amateur Boxing Association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to auditors.
Three Edinburgh schools have been closed as a precautionary measure following a safety inspection.
A German woman has launched a lawsuit against pharmaceutical giant Bayer over the safety of its Yasminelle contraceptive pill.
A new escalator at one of London's busiest Tube stations is being trialled to reduce queues.
Victims of asbestos-related disease Mesothelioma are to be able to claim compensation under a new fund set up by the government.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of murder.
The US House of Representatives has voted to reject a Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Australian artist Betty Churcher has died at the age of 84.
Moody's has changed its outlook for the UK's credit rating following the country's vote to leave the European Union.
The second trial of two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime has begun in the capital, Phnom Penh.
Richard Oz, the editor of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey duo Jake and Kodi on loan until the end of the season.
There is no threat to law-abiding EU citizens who come over to work in the UK, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
A cat that went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with his owner after being found at a warehouse.
A football fan accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling of a pitch during a match on Saturday.
The Home Office has begun the process of deporting more than 100 illegal workers from the UK.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix as Red Bull's Mark Webber was forced to retire from the race after a collision with his Mercedes team-mate.
Hampshire's new chief constable has been appointed by the police and crime commissioner.
Northern Ireland's Michael Irivine has won gold in the men's 64kg division at the European Championships in Kiev.
Olympic skip Dave Brewster has secured a place in the third finals of the European Curling Championships in Braehead.
Donegal will face Galway in the second round of the All-Ireland qualifier at Croke Park on Saturday.
There has been a lot of speculation about the timing of the EU referendum.
Tributes have been paid to the late TV producer and comedian Pike Perry, who died on Wednesday.
Derby County striker Christian Bent says he is confident the Championship play-offs will be a success despite a poor start to the season.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment, from the Oscars to the Grammys.
Partick Thistle's winless run extended to seven matches as they were held to a draw by Ross County at Firhill.
Dozens of people have been forced to leave their homes in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, as shelling continues.
One of the largest mosaics ever found in the UK is to be made available to the public, the city's mayor has said.
The Scottish Parliament should have full control of income tax, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
The UN's World Food Prize Foundation has awarded Nigeria's Dr Joseph Adesina a US $250,000 (Â£100,000) prize for his work in improving food security in rural Africa.
A firearms officer has been suspended from duty after he was caught on camera carrying a handgun in a railway station.
The El Nino weather phenomenon is set to be the strongest on record in 2016, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Scientists in the US say they have made a kidney that can be grown out of a rat.
A US university has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apple.
A steam train has gone on show in Cumbria.
Meet Anna, the 20-year-old woman who has become the first person in the world to complete a Couch to 5K Challenge.
A national marine centre is to be built in Berwick-upon-Tweed in a bid to boost visitor numbers.
Passport exit checks on people leaving the UK are to be introduced for the first time, the government has announced.
Britain's Beth Tweddle will retire from gymnastics at the end of the season after failing to win a medal at the Rio Olympics.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ryan Pearce from Latics for an undisclosed fee.
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public after a two-year refurbishment.
A man who murdered his ex-wife in Australia has been sentenced to life in prison for her murder.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation "lost the plot" over a £1m pay-off.
Kilmarnock and Hamilton played out a goalless draw in the Scottish Premiership.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to beat Northern Ireland in their Euro 2016 warm-up game.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead in a Liverpool pub.
Former Aberdeen captain Lee Ferguson says he is not ready to manage Rangers.
Italy's Senate speaker has suspended two centre-right senators after they were reported to have gestured in the direction of a female colleague during a debate.
Israel has asked Australia to withdraw a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged passports in the murder of a Dubai businessman.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to life in prison for fraud and tax evasion.
More than 100 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea's capital, Lae, police say.
England's women won their first Six Nations title of the season with a hard-fought win over Ireland in Belfast.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Sunni Muslim clerics in a Lebanese town, officials say.
All Girl Guides in England and Wales have been forced to change their oath after a public consultation.
The number of illegal immigrants arrested in Dover has risen by more than a third in the past year, figures show.
"Gibraltarpedia" is about to get under way in Gibraltar, according to one of the organisers of the project.
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here star David Wright is set to join League Two sideillericay Town, according to the club's chairman.
Rochdale's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Bradford.
A firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was seriously injured when a forklift truck hit him in the leg.
The Irish government has failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, a report has said.
Education needs to be devolved to tackle a skills shortage in England, former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said.
The ancestors of Europe's earliest farmers are the closest ancestors to present-day Basques, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released seven players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a busy year in the world of music.
Wales will be better off having a Labour prime minister than a Tory, the party's leader in Wales has said.
A new sixth form is to be built in Flintshire as part of a major overhaul of post-16 education.
Burnley have signed striker Danny Walters from Premier League side Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role as a teacher in a popular children's TV series, has died at the age of 83.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed former Leigh Centurions and Salford Red Devils coach Danny Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff in a post-partum psychosis episode could have been saved, a coroner has ruled.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal striker Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" in response to the publication of highly offensive cartoons by satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
When Magda Tilli and Miguel Tilli were in their 20s, they were living on the beach in Lisbon.
There's a new Sherlock Holmes attraction in London called Maze.
Apple's refusal to help the FBI unlock an iPhone used by a San Bernardino gunman is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the UN has said.
Florida has declared a state of emergency in a river polluted with toxic blue-green algae.
The new showrunner of Doctor Who has confirmed there will be no more episodes after this series.
Five people have had one of their legs amputated after a rollercoaster crash at Universal Studios.
The Ospreys are to review the future of head coach Steve Johnson after he was reported to have left the region by mutual consent.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
France scrum-half Tom Abendanon says he has changed his mind on playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union's policy on domestic players.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen sharply, according to a government survey.
It's that time of year again - time to find out who you think is the greatest boxer of all time.
The City of London's former special representative to the EU has described France as a "bad cop" who wants to weaken the UK after Brexit.
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill took charge of the team at Euro 2012, he was told he would have to hitch-hike with some German fans.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored twice as Leeds United came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
Alex Hales hit a career-best 109 not out as Nottinghamshire beat Durham by seven wickets in the T20 Blast.
A man who raised money for cancer patients in Yemen has said he is "devastated" by the plight of an 11-year-old girl who was unable to get treatment.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles says his side are "not that good" after their defeat by New Zealand in the One-Day Cup.
A lifeboat crew has been removed from a Channel Island station after a dispute over its coxswain.
Scientists have discovered the earliest embryos of a species of dinosaur that lived on the Earth.
Northern Ireland have qualified for the Euro 2016 football tournament for the first time.
An NHS trust has been criticised for failing to act on "mistakes" that led to the death of a baby boy at a north-east London hospital.
The campaign manager for US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a Washington Post reporter.
Land Rover has long been known for its rugged off-road vehicles.
A mother accused of drowning her two-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud after a by-election in which the Conservatives lost a seat.
A disused Bristol park is to be used as a makeshift refugee camp by the charity Dismaland.
Real Madrid say they are "unjustifiable and unacceptable" after a French minister accused the Spaniard of doping.
The US military has cancelled a port visit to Australia after a North Korean missile test failed to arrive in the Western Pacific.
Two men accused of murdering a man outside a wedding in County Londonderry are to be released on bail, a court has heard.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said he is considering replacing some of the county's police stations with more accessible facilities.
Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over Serb Viktor Troicki.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have signed defender Eduardo from Braga for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is one of the world's biggest running events.
Stoke City manager Lee Collins says the club's interest in Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford is proof that there are good players in England's academies.
A former Sri Lankan defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of the capital, Colombo.
Australian politicians have reacted angrily to a video released by anti-government politician Peter Katter in the wake of the Orlando nightclub shooting.
The NHS in England will no longer be able to automatically recommend new drugs that cost £20m a year, under a new plan announced by the health service.
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford City on penalties.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty, according to a Citizens Advice Scotland report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Northampton Town manager Steve Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One Stourbridge was the club's "biggest achievement".
Lyon and Besiktas played out a tense Europa League first-round tie at Lyon's Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium, with both teams being banned from the pitch.
Savers who have more than £75,000 in savings in their accounts may not be able to receive compensation, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Norwich City have signed former Bournemouth and Norwich City midfielder David Surman on a two-year deal.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben from Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
Wales Under-20 ended their Six Nations campaign with a hard-fought win over Italy in Rome.
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of a man in Dublin more than 20 years ago have begun a search of a site in the Republic of Ireland.
Arsenal have signed a new deal to play at Boreham Wood until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new £3.7m sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 has reached an agreement with its rivals on the double points rule.
Ed Miliband has said he would be "devastated" if Britain were out of the European Union.
Leicester Tigers head coach Danny Murphy says the club's Anglo-Welsh Cup win over Saracens could be the turning point in their bid to reach the Premiership play-offs.
Macclesfield maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Three brothers have been sentenced for drugs offences linked to the seizure of cocaine and ecstasy tablets in east Belfast.
Yahoo is considering bringing its news briefing app to wearables, a teenager has said.
Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino could return to action for the first time since suffering a knee injury in the 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace.
The Queen's Scottish accent is "very reassuring" to her, her cousin has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a member of staff was held hostage at a bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming's performance director Mark Scott has been sacked after a review found he failed to meet Olympic targets.
Michael Phelps won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as he beat Michael Schooling to win the men's 100m butterfly in the final.
A seven-year-old boy has applied to become England manager, according to the Football Association.
A Conservative MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act.
England's Mark Davis suffered a shock defeat in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been taken to hospital after receiving a distress call from the coastguard in the Isle of Man.
A dog that was trapped in a chair for more than an hour has been rescued by firefighters.
The owners of five endangered animals found at a Ceredigion zoo have been fined and ordered to pay £250 costs.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of so-called Islamic State's most senior propagandists, has been killed in an air strike in Syria, the group says.
A man who killed his ex-girlfriend at a Dorset railway station has been jailed for manslaughter.
A woman has been killed after a bus hit a wall in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash on the Isle of Man.
Ferrari are interested in signing Valtteri Bottas from Williams to drive alongside Jenson Button at the end of the season.
British actor Julian Moore has said he was "never saying Martini, shaken not stirred" when he played Sean Connery in the new James Bond film.
Thousands of older people in Scotland are facing delays in getting care they need, according to a charity.
Rabbit and hares are an important part of the UK's ecosystem, according to scientists.
Four people have admitted selling more than 750 cockerpoo puppies to prospective buyers for up to £300,000.
Four men have appeared in court charged with international terrorism after being arrested in raids in six European countries.
Amazon has launched a line-up of on-demand TV channels in the UK.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has allowed online booking websites to offer discounts on hotel rooms, following an investigation by the Competition and Markets Authority (OTS).
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell by more than 10% after the mining giant Glencore reported a fall in full-year profits.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's track Shake It Off from its list of the most popular songs of 2014.
Leeds Rhinos director of rugby Steve Carter says the club have been given six months' notice to take back ownership of the ground.
Prince William has said he takes royal duty "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been cleared to play in the 2015 NFL season after a judge ruled the NFL's 'deflate-gate' scheme was unconstitutional.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
An ambulance driver who squeezed a colleague's breast while flirting has been struck off.
A council has said it is "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre.
The Russian consul in Greece has been found dead at his home in Athens, police say.
Renault has told Formula 1 bosses not to count on the company as a supplier of an engine.
Belfast City Council has said it is considering a number of options for the future of the BBC in the city centre.
A man has been rescued from a tree after getting stuck up a tree.
A number of businesses in Birmingham have been targeted by thieves who have broken into their premises in the past week.
A police officer in India has been criticised for saying that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co-host Strictly Come Dancing's Children In Need special, the BBC has announced.
The UK will continue to offer free trade to developing countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has completed the Great North Run for the first time in her life.
A bomb attack on the National Security Service (NDS) building in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least seven people, officials say.
China is experiencing one of the world's most unaffordable property markets.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in a Gloucestershire garden.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been condemned by the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF).
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors in Wales have been approved by the Health and Social Care Authority (BMA).
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling's ambition is to win trophies at the club.
Working until you can no longer afford it is a dream for many elderly people.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices and a deal to cut production.
The first European Judo Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes will be held in Walsall in September.
Stafford's County Hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Vern Cotter has accepted Gregor Townsend's decision to leave the Scottish Rugby Union.
A German data watchdog has ordered Facebook to hand over users' data to the social network's parent company.
Matthew Perry is to appear in a special of the US sitcom Friends, according to his spokeswoman.
Wales football fans have been praising their team after they were knocked out of the European Under-20 Championship.
More than 20 mosques in Britain are to take part in Visit My Mosque Day to mark the first anniversary of the Paris attacks.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by rumours linking him with the England job.
Financial leaders from the world's biggest economies have warned the UK leaving the EU would be a "shock to the world economy".
A soldier who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Iraq has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton wants to "abolish" the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has launched a campaign aimed at mobilising the student vote in the general election.
The UK's new anti-slavery commissioner has said he is "extremely concerned" about the number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria.
Older adults are more likely to have shorter telomeres than their younger counterparts, a study suggests.
Turkish police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters in the capital, Istanbul.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, according to author Richard Harris.
The chief of staff to a Conservative MP has been charged with rape and sexual assault.
A fire has broken out at a school in West Yorkshire.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Stuart Hogg says the club's new 4G pitch will help them "find their feet" in pre-season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with shares in banking stocks among the biggest fallers.
A hospital in Los Angeles has been hit by a ransomware attack demanding a ransom of $17,000 (£15,000).
British Eventing champion Emily Gilruth is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a horse at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Perthshire aid worker who was killed in Syria has said his brother's death was the worst day of his life.
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said a Commons committee will look into the appointment of a new clerk of the House of Commons.
A teenager who was born on an air ambulance flight 40 years ago has been appointed cabin crew attendant for Loganair.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will bring forward a "bold manifesto that can win for Labour" at the next general election.
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a film about Kenya's wildlife chief, John Leakey, who has been described as a "hero" in an Oscar-nominated film.
Family Guy is getting a new home on the BBC.
Wreaths are to be laid across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney has been named as the UK's richest person, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
Somerset captain Michael Rogers says his side "fought everything" to beat Middlesex and win the County Championship.
John Swinney is the Scottish finance secretary.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is considering removing Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been sacked by Manchester United after an argument with the club's boss.
David Goodwin says he is not retiring from the role of Alloa Athletic manager because he is finding it "difficult" to give himself the best crack.
Claudio Ranieri's reign as Leicester City manager has been described as one of football's greatest fairytales.
A man who died after contracting measles was not the cause of his death, Public Health Wales has said.
A teenager accused of planning a bomb attack on Labour MP Jo Cox has said he did not think they should be murdered.
The government's Brexit bill has been passed by the House of Commons, despite Labour MPs rebelling against it.
A Conservative MP has said the government's decision to cut business rates is "sensible" and "not something to be afraid of".
Dover maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a 2-0 win over Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A firefighter who was in charge of the rescue of 18 people injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers has said it was the "most technical rescue he will ever carry out".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into the alleged manipulation of foreign exchange markets.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the near future.
The number of drivers caught exceeding the speed limit on the M4 in Wales has fallen by more than a third in a week.
A man has been arrested after cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m was found in County Antrim.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed two bills that would allow Crimea to become a new "subject" of the Russian Federation.
Education Secretary John Swinney has welcomed the rise in teacher numbers in Scotland, but said there were "significant challenges" in recruiting qualified teachers.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Glasgow city centre.
A man has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition at his home.
Chinese authorities have announced plans for a new unisex lavatory in the capital, Beijing.
The treason investigation into two German journalists who published classified documents about the country's intelligence service has sparked a national outcry.
The International Space Station (ISS) is being used as a laboratory to carry out scientific research.
Leeds United's recent improvement in form has been credited to manager Pep Guardiola, says defender Jack Bartley.
Hearts have announced plans to upgrade their main stand at Hampden Park.
Angela Merkel is in Brilon, a town in north Rhine-Westphalia, campaigning for a fourth term in office.
Vladimir Putin's top adviser on Ukraine has warned that the country could be plunged into chaos if the US does not intervene.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man was hit by a car at a farm in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Welsh government has the power to set minimum wage levels in the agricultural sector.
Liam Payne has thanked fans for sticking with One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed into law a controversial controversial abortion law.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for the end of foreign aid.
Fulham have signed Kristoffer Christensen on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Former Miami Dolphins running back Michael Konrad has died after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
Northern Ireland's police and crime commissioner has said a deal to deal with the legacy of the past has not been reached.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the first lunchtime session at Liverpool's Cavern Club.
Britain's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady have been knocked out of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Thailand's Supreme Court has filed a criminal case against former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he is "serious" about keeping his election pledges, despite criticism of the idea of a pledge stone in Downing Street.
Plans for a new education campus in the Borders have been submitted to the council.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his roles as Widow Twanky and Little and Large, has died at the age of 91.
Crawley recorded their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over Leyton Orient.
A boy with autism has lost his only form of communication with the outside world after his iPad was stolen from his home.
The UK's economy is likely to miss out on growth in 2017 and 2018 because of a weaker pound, according to a think tank.
A charity has launched a series of self-guided tours of Edinburgh city centre.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at a prison in Milton Keynes have lost a judicial review.
We want to hear from you about the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal in May 2015.
The Dark Knight Rises has received mixed reviews from critics, with one calling it "humourless" and "overlong".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Jack Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The first female acts to be announced for this year's Bestival music festival have been announced.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, dragged down by mining stocks.
More than 11,000 athletes at the Rio Olympics failed to pass drugs tests in 2016, according to a damning report.
A group of US Muslims has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after receiving a suspicious package containing a white powder.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead at a house in Greater Manchester.
The chairman of a Chinese clothing company, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing, the company has said.
The BBC is a good at keeping secrets.
An electronic drug prescribing system should be brought in in Wales, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a fall in half-year revenues and warned that cost savings will be "very hard" to achieve.
A group which runs steam locomotives in the Highlands has said it needs to build a new crossing.
There is a palpable sense of alarm in Berlin about the possibility that Britain may vote to leave the European Union.
A nurse who sent "sexually explicit and degrading" comments to colleagues has been struck off.
A new musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has been criticised by music industry figures for failing to protect copyright music on its subscription service.
A woman has been the victim of a cyber-attack on her email account.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's biggest dinosaurs.
Chile has accused Venezuela of violating its human rights by detaining a prominent opposition journalist.
Dogs should be banned from beaches in Worcestershire, according to a council survey.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher after the US economy added more jobs than expected in November.
The names of more than 50 World War Two Bomber Command veterans are being sought for a new centre dedicated to the service.
Drivers are being warned to expect delays and cancellations as millions of people travel to and from the UK this weekend.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Germany, police say.
Sussex all-rounder Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England slumped to a nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the first one-day international at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a woman who was stabbed to death at a Catholic college.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "proud" of Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood.
Police have appealed for information after a security guard was racially abused on a train.
A court in India's Gujarat state has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for her role in the 2002 riots.
Police in Bangladesh have named nine of the gunmen who carried out a deadly attack on a cafe on Saturday.
Conor McGregor has been cleared to fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 8 August.
Australian internet service providers (ISPs) have been ordered to release customer details of those who downloaded the Dallas Buyers Club movie.
Wigan Warriors prop Luke Flower has been banned for six months for an elbow attack against Catalans Dragons.
Nasa has announced plans to send humans to Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a drop in fourth-quarter profits.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 hostages of Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Israel's planning committee has postponed a vote on authorising more than 1,000 new homes in Jerusalem, the BBC has learned.
Kasper Kluivert Sr's 90th-minute goal gave Ajax victory over Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of UK property transactions fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he understands why fans want him to leave the club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award for best film at the Toronto Film Festival.
Hampshire firefighters have set a new world record for the largest naan.
Edinburgh is to mark the centenary of the Queen's 90th birthday with a series of events and flypasts.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for 10 years for raping and sexually abusing five teenage girls.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced, the Vatican has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's lower house of parliament has rejected a controversial amnesty bill that would have allowed former leader Thaksin Shinawatra to return to the country.
JP Morgan is considering moving its European operations out of London.
Britain's Adam Rutherford won the T44 men's 100m at the Great City Games in Manchester, a week after the attack in the city.
Parents may be overfeeding their babies and young children out of fear of them being underfed, research suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not stand for re-election in Northern Ireland.
A woman who was denied a drug to treat HER2 positive breast cancer has said it is "barbaric" to be denied it on the NHS in Scotland.
Tranmere secured their first National League win of the season with a thumping 4-1 win at Dover.
Blackpool fans have been granted more time to respond to a High Court claim against a fan who posted offensive comments about the club.
Britain's Chris Froome won the penultimate stage of the Tour de France as he retained the overall lead after a thrilling finish in the French Alps.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings, designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has been officially opened in Glasgow.
Dom Thomas has joined Queens Park Rangers on a season-long loan from Motherwell, while Joe Thomson has joined Dumbarton on loan.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Michael McIlhagga.
Sightseers have been asked to stay away from the scene of the grounding of the oil rig Ensco.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a collection of World War Two medals from his home.
The government should ban the use of fireworks in back gardens in England, an MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are engaged in a war of words over immigration.
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in the 1980s has made a complaint to the Archbishop of York, the BBC has learned.
Jockeys are opposed to the idea of racing on Good Friday for the first time in 14 years, according to the head of the British Horseracing Authority.
More women should be allowed to apply for and take up public roles in Wales, a group of MPs has said.
Mesut Ozil says he is keen to stay at Arsenal after the club's pre-season tour of Australia and China.
A French man who was killed in the Paris attacks in December has been buried in a secret ceremony, reports say.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is a 12-year-old girl who has a lot of anxiety.
Two bottles of whisky found on the Isle of Canna could be added to the collection of the Titanic, according to the National Trust for Scotland.
A Mesolithic encampment near Stonehenge has been found in the UK, archaeologists have said.
Leaving the EU would mean a fall in UK income of up to £850 a year per household, according to a think tank.
Wolves moved into the Championship play-off places with a hard-fought win at Leeds United.
The Hunger Games actress Lena Dunham has spoken out about her decision to close a deal with Sony Pictures without a real fight.
A 17-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after his father's high-powered powerboat overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton.
A glacier in the Himalayas is disintegrating and forming a series of large lakes, according to scientists.
BBC Sport looks at some of the key stories in the news in the UK this week.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest convicted of leaking confidential documents to the media.
Star Trek Beyond, the new film about Hikaru Sulu, will feature a gay character, the film's producers have said.
The results of the UK general election have been released.
Benefit claimants will be assessed on a regular basis to determine whether they need more support, the work and pensions secretary has said.
Eugene has defended its bid to host the 2021 World Championships in Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he would resign if the Conservatives go ahead with plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with victory over Boreham Wood.
A former civil servant in Myanmar has admitted buying a fake PhD degree from a US university.
A former soldier could face a heart attack or death if he fails to give evidence at an inquest into the death of a boy shot by a rubber bullet, a coroner has said.
The BBC is to return to its Wimbledon highlights programme for the first time in more than a decade.
The owners of a flood defence wall have been told they may have to pay up to several hundred thousand pounds for repairs.
A County Armagh solicitor has admitted defrauding a bank out of £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game as Manchester United came from behind to beat Hull City and extend their unbeaten start to the season.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Joachim Pomsel, the former secretary of Nazi leader Joseph Goebbels, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has accused Russia of violating its airspace over the Syrian city of Palmyra on Saturday.
Swansea City have paid tribute to captain Leon Britton by bringing thousands of supporters to the club.
At least 20 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after suffering blood poisoning at a hospital in Surrey was not given the "best chance" of survival, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council member has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office.
Curzon is to be honoured with a Bafta award for its "outstanding British Contribution to Cinema".
Barrow manager Keith Cowley says his side are "living in cloud cuckoo land" after their 2-0 win over Braintree.
Angelique Kerber eased past Dominika Cibulkova to reach the second round of the WTA Finals in New York.
Councils and housing associations should be allowed to sell off their social housing stock to invest in new homes, the government has said.
Guernsey have won their second table tennis gold medal of the 2015 Island Games in Gotland.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by gains in ITV and Carillion.
Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
Lord Sugar has called for a spin-off series of The Apprentice to be broadcast on the BBC.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from a serious head injury.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder after a man was found dead in a park in Leeds.
At least 52 people have been killed in a gas explosion at a pipeline in Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend.
Five listed churches in Shropshire and Herefordshire have been awarded grants to help fund repairs.
Syrian government forces have dropped chlorine gas on rebel-held areas of the city of Aleppo, according to reports.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win men's doubles gold at the Rio Olympics.
Arthur the cat has been living with his family for the past two years.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been welcomed to Canada by the governor general of the Canadian province of Ottawa.
New baby incubators are to be fitted to Wales Air Ambulance's new helicopter, the RNLI has announced.
An eagle has made himself well and truly at home in a nest at a nature reserve in Perthshire.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has been named as the new patron of the charity that supports victims of rape.
In the wake of the deaths of two children in a car crash, it is important to consider the impact of the incident on the company.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
England's Paul Donald has been named as the new ambassador for The Grove Golf Club.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says the club are in the market for a centre-half.
Imagine you are on your way to the Monaco Grand Prix.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, reports say.
A man accused of murdering a drug dealer in a turf war in Rhyl has told a court he banged its handle on the window of his car.
Plans to redevelop a former pub into flats have been approved by Tower Hamlets Council.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has imposed sanctions on three Irish boxers for placing bets on boxing events at the Rio Olympics.
A cabinet minister has announced he will stand for Parliament against David Cameron in the EU referendum.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Biles reflects on the horrors of World War Two.
A head teacher has been offered a 'duvet day' to help recruit and retain staff for his school.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to withdraw from the Rio Paralympics.
A Powys school has offered to take over the running of its library.
A powerful earthquake has struck the north-eastern Japanese city of Kumamoto, killing at least three people and injuring hundreds more.
A fire has broken out at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football player has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £572,000 from a quarry firm in the 1990s.
A new community centre has been officially opened in Llandaff.
Nato has been accused of failing to investigate the deaths of civilians in its air campaign in Libya last year.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been cancelled because of security concerns.
A new vertical pier is to be built in a County Durham seaside town.
Britain's Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Lisbon Half Marathon in a time of 58:23.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has said the cessation of hostilities in Syria will begin in Geneva on Monday.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been arrested after a knife was thrown at a man in Londonderry.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit against the Pentagon over its policy of barring women from combat roles in the US military.
It was only a few days ago that Pope Benedict announced that he was stepping down from his position as head of the Catholic Church.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru wnaeth o gyllid fel bod cynghorau lleol yn gallu darparu pecyn gofal ar ôl cael cytundeb.
A fire engine was called out 15 minutes late to tackle a blaze in Suffolk, the fire service has said.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must take "a few risks" when they face New Zealand in the second Test in Auckland on Saturday.
Cole Stockton's first-half strike earned Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover.
Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers scored twice as Grimsby came from behind to beat Accrington.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi after a large number of spoiled ballots were counted.
Russian police have raided the homes and places of worship of Aum Shinrikyo cultists in St Petersburg, officials say.
Katie Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's 10km race as her team-mate Tufa Kirwa missed out on a medal.
A man has been reunited with his father's classic car after it crossed the Atlantic four times.
Britain's Emily Pavey won gold in the women's 4x100m relay at the World Championships in London.
A former DUP minister has resigned from the Northern Ireland Executive after a spike in the number of applications for the RHI scheme.
When Peter Morgan strangled his ex-partner to death at his home in Newport in January 2016, he had no idea she had Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia Test captain Phillip Hughes.
Mae'r ddynes wedi euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol i Joshua Deguara trwy yrru'n beryglus a hanner mlynedd dan glo.
Millwall reached the League One play-off final for the first time in their history with a draw against Bradford.
A fly-tipper who dumped rubbish on his own land has been fined after admitting a series of offences.
A new species of fish-scale gecko has been discovered in Germany, scientists say.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) to settle a Chinese antitrust case.
Former Lille boss Claude Renard has been named in Morocco's squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "disappointed" that St Mirren left-back Gordon Strachan has been left out of the Scotland squad.
Mark Ronson has released his first single, Uptown Funk, in the UK.
Fewer than a quarter of young people in England are taking A-levels in schools in their council areas, according to a study.
Coronation Street has been named best soap at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Cannabis plants have been found in a former cinema in Aberdeenshire.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has called on the home secretary to stop the deportation of a student from Wales.
A Cardiff college has been stopped from offering loans and grants to students who have gone on to earn more than Â£21,000.
A Canadian man has been arrested in Canada on suspicion of trying to smuggle drugs into the US, US officials say.
A section of rocket wreckage found off the coast of Northumberland has been identified as that of a SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
The mother of Caylee Anthony, the six-year-old girl who drowned in a Florida swimming pool, has said she is "fine" with herself.
South Korea says it has paid wages to thousands of North Koreans working at the Kaesong industrial complex in the South Korean capital, Seoul.
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were fit for testing.
A man has appeared in court charged with raping a child at a nursery in Birmingham, police have said.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas finances, according to the BBC.
England's hopes of reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia.
A student who lost her hand after a night out has said she is lucky to have it back.
Gary Neville has been reunited with former Valencia assistant coach Pako Ayestaran.
A two-year-old dog has been rescued after being shot in the head with a crossbow.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of up to 14 million US government employees, US officials say.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, has proposed raising the retirement age for state workers to 67.
Bath have signed two new players on loan until the end of the season.
Ned's Marianne Vos won the Women's British Cycling Tour for the first time in her career with victory in the second stage.
The M4 has reopened following a crash between a car and a lorry in Lurgan, County Armagh.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year nominees will be announced later.
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has been criticised over the appointment of a former BBC journalist as its new press secretary.
Bonfire Night was a success in Stirling and Clackmannanshire, according to the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service.
Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Kei Nishikori are among the world's most successful tennis stars.
A search is under way for the remains of a village in Gower.
Scarlets moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues.
Iran has announced a major offensive against Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Paris.
The general election campaign is one of the most unpredictable in the history of British politics.
Two Pembrokeshire councils have made the shortlist to become UK Capital of Culture in 2021.
Lloyds Banking Group is back in private ownership.
A powerful typhoon, Chan-hom, has battered China's Zhejiang province, bringing torrential rain and heavy winds, officials say.
Scientists have created a new type of DNA that mimics the functions of DNA and RNA.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at Kenya's political crisis.
Forty-five people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota in connection with a protest against a controversial oil pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who went missing while foraging for vegetables has been found safe and well after a six-day search.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Parkinson has said he is "bouncing and buoyed up and elated" by the support and support he has received since carrying the Olympic flame.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is enjoying the challenge of playing in League Two despite missing his family.
A 26-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
US authorities say they have busted a massive drug smuggling ring in Arizona.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia-Pacific is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2019, according to a new report.
A woman has been found guilty of making and knowingly having a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken western Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) in a major offensive, officials say.
Chinese investment firm Fosun has raised its bid for Portuguese healthcare firm ESS.
"Cancer survives through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets at Chester-le-Street.
Saracens captain James Barritt says the Premiership is the "most competitive domestic league in the world" and that the club can beat anyone on their day.
A millionaire was unlawfully killed by his wife in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy week for the papers in Northern Ireland.
A Shakespeare script has been discovered in the grounds of the Shakespearean Theatre in London.
A British woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her left eye for the first time in more than a month.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yn yr etholiad cyffredinol yng Nghymru.
Jockey Michael Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a sore back.
Plans for an all-year holiday park in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
Former International Monetary Fund chief Mario Rato has gone on trial in Spain accused of stealing money from pensioners.
A statue of former BBC Sports Personality of the Year John McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
Former Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) leader William Smith has died at the age of 74.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing drugs tests.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US wants to be a "good partner" in Egypt's transition to democracy.
A man has been found dead at the bottom of a drain in Bedfordshire.
Nato has condemned Russia's decision to send missiles to a Russian exclave in the Baltic Sea.
Worcester Warriors have signed centre Sam Hopkins from Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United came from behind to earn a point against Newport County in the National League.
A new digital consultation system has been launched to allow first year students to get a real-time view of their GP.
A new documentary explores the transition from celluloid to digital film.
A dog has been captured on camera peering into the lens of a camera at a railway station.
Leeds United manager Massimo Cellino says he will buy a bus to allow the club's players to sleep well before a home game.
A former Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
H&M, the world's biggest fashion retailer, has announced plans to open more stores in London and other European cities.
A competition to find the world's heaviest tomato has been launched in Harrogate.
A children's website has been nominated for the Bafta Children's Awards for the first time.
Paris St-Germain have been crowned champions of France for the first time in their history after a 4-1 win over Nacional.
The Bank of England is to conduct a five-year stress test on the UK's financial stability.
Paris St-Germain have signed Roma midfielder Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A 41-year-old man has been charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a bridge collapsed on the M4 in Kent.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Aberdeenshire.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot US President-elect Donald Trump has said she is "frightened" by his plea agreement.
Publishers of Apple's new news app, Apple News, have been told they will be indemnified if they fail to agree to the terms of the deal.
Legislation is needed to tackle cyberbullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have been assaulted by police, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people have been evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire broke out in a wheelie bin.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes against militant hideouts in the north-western province of North Waziristan.
The White House has been ordered to release the names of visitors it has hosted at Trump Tower.
A new species of wasp has been discovered in the Mekong delta in the south-east of Asia.
A man who carried out a "terrifying" attack on a woman in Canterbury has been jailed for six years.
Scientists have developed a way to hack the nerves of the nervous system to control the body's response to insulin.
A 10-year-old boy has died after being hit by a motorcyclist in east London.
A man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than a week has been found safe and well.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has said Labour is "in clearly in no shape" to assume power in the Commons.
One of the UK's biggest asset managers, Alliance Trust, has said it will not make an offer for the company.
Michael Keatley's late drop-goal gave Munster a thrilling bonus-point win over Edinburgh in the Pro12 at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Booker fell more than 4% after the supermarket said it was in talks with a rival over a possible merger.
Gas prices have risen sharply in the wake of a two-week shutdown of gas supplies to Europe by Russia.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says defender Berra is the best defender in the Championship.
Formula 1 teams have been given until 1 July to develop the 'halo' chassis for their 2017 cars.
Lithium salts have been shown to prolong the life of flies, a study suggests.
More than 100 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in south London are to be moved to a temporary home, the Home Office has said.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum, opposition leader Carlos Isturiz has said.
Premiership Rugby's proposed 10-month off-season has been criticised by the Rugby Players' Association (RPA).
Forecasters have warned of severe weather in Northern Ireland with gusts of up to 70mph and possibly 80mph forecast by Thursday.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who was abducted by Islamist militants in 2014, has said she will never forget them.
Glamorgan dominated the second day of their County Championship match against Derbyshire at Chester-le-Street.
A man has been found dead in a street in London's Hyde Park.
A passenger ferry has been withdrawn from the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room ventilation fan failed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at the decision by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to drop a rape case against a man who was the victim of Jimmy Savile.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it has "turned the page" on its row with Tunisia.
England were knocked out of the World Cup as they were beaten by France in the quarter-finals.
Teenage taekwondo player Luke Jones has been selected to represent Great Britain at the European Championships in Austria in June.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a US judge to be jailed for sexually assaulting a student on the TV show Girls.
Plans for a new visitor centre at the National Trust for Scotland (YSP) have been unveiled.
Scotland's newspapers have published their first editions after the polls closed.
Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding a fire at a scrapyard in Monmouthshire which is believed to have been started deliberately.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed former Bradford City and Blackburn Rovers striker Josh McShane on a two-year deal.
Legal documents relating to the conviction of former police chief Arthur Anglesea are to be examined by the National Crime Agency.
The National Farmers' Association (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, best known for her role in Casablanca, has died at the age of 91.
The leaders of the European Union and Turkey have met in Brussels to try to reach a deal on how to deal with the migrant crisis.
The opening of the new Forth Road Bridge has been pushed back by 180 days.
A sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre.
A new £50m university campus has been officially opened.
Work is under way to restore a section of the Swansea canal which was built more than 200 years ago.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's biggest upmarket burger chain, has been bought by a US-based company.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been charged by the Football Association for failing to control his players during a clash with Morton.
England beat Sri Lanka by six wickets to reach the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 in Delhi.
It's one of the most popular video games of all time.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Hannah Stanning have won Olympic gold medals for rowing and cycling, respectively, in the first day of the Games in London.
Great Britain's catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup qualifiers by two challengers.
In an interview with BBC Radio Scotland last week, former England and Wales director of rugby Steve Browne spoke of the need for the Pro12 to be restructured.
Charles Darwin was one of the most famous scientists in the world.
Leinster moved up to second in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Scarlets.
The UK is to launch a year-long project to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in funding to help police departments in Ferguson, Missouri.
Bombardier has unveiled a new CS100 jet at its Belfast base.
Los Angeles and New York have cancelled classes in response to a threat of a school shooting.
Northern Ireland reached the second round of the Under-19 European Championship with a 2-1 win over Spain in Belfast.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has been forced to revise its figures for the number of new premises it has connected during the first half of 2017.
Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are "out of use" as it continues to carry out corrosion repairs.
David Cameron must "make clear" he will abandon his EU migration pledge if he wins the referendum on Thursday, a Labour MP has said.
When Roman Bogdanov was found guilty of procuring a sexual act on stage in 1980, he says he felt "a huge juggernaut rolling over him".
Thousands of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" cheese race in the Blackmore Vale.
Bill Gates has donated $5.1bn (Â£3.2bn) to charity, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
A UKIP MEP has said he does not have a dog in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as leader of the party.
When you are heavily pregnant, it can be hard to find a suitable swimming costume to fit into your body.
Katarina Meilutyte set a new European Youth Swimming Championships record in qualifying for the 200m individual medley final.
Bristol City moved three points clear at the top of the Championship with victory over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended by the national rugby union after an incident outside a McDonald's restaurant in Cardiff.
Optimism in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a public match at Upton Park.
People on benefits in Scotland are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements, according to a new study.
Two accountants who mistakenly handed the wrong envelope to the Oscars presenters have been banned from doing their jobs again.
Tata Steel's decision to cut 1,000 jobs at its Port Talbot plant has been criticised by a union.
Theresa May has said she wants the question of what will happen to EU citizens living in the UK to be dealt with in the early stages of Brexit talks.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people who have been banned from entering the EU, the EU has said.
Two rival gangs in Honduras have announced a truce in a bid to end more than a year of civil war.
Footy-maker GoPro has unveiled a quadcopter that can be fitted to any of its cameras.
Plans to cut £1.3m from the cost of home-to-school transport in Dumfries and Galloway have been deferred.
Tiger Woods' bid to represent Europe in the 2018 Ryder Cup has been confirmed by a stunning comeback victory at the US PGA Championship.
Councils in England are facing funding cuts of up to 40% in real terms, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez says his side will "go right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker player Lee Jae-yong has admitted defrauding a woman out of £1,600 by sending her a snooker cue.
A case against a woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham has been dropped.
Android phones running older versions of the operating system are to receive the largest software update the world has ever seen.
A woman who tried to kill her unborn baby with a drug she bought while pregnant has been jailed for eight years.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Olympic heptathlon champion Laura Sotherton has called for world records to be rewritten.
Three hospitals in Bristol and Weston-super-Mare have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS.
David Cameron has said the UK has not changed its policy towards China and Tibet, despite reports that he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister's late strike earned Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot.
A number of cars have been vandalised in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
At least four people have been killed in floods and landslides in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW), officials say.
The idea of putting an astronaut in a space capsule is a dream come true.
Italian police have arrested dozens of people suspected of running a mafia-controlled immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his wife after posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Ben Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
The number of private ambulances in London has more than quadrupled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a tax case against telecoms giant Vodafone.
Ole Solskjaer has left Manchester United to become a legend in Norwegian football.
Asian shares have fallen after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate for the first time in nearly two years.
A report into the Casement Park project in Londonderry has called for an independent mediator to be used to resolve key issues.
A bike hire scheme in Dumfries has been criticised by councillors.
The football association has paid tribute to Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisia beach attack.
A North Korean man detained in Malaysia over the death of Kim Jong-nam has accused the government of trying to blackmail him.
Two teenagers have been given detention after a vicar was robbed at knifepoint.
Scotland scrum-half Joe Hamilton has retired from international rugby after nine years with Partick Thistle.
Britain's Chris Lewis won the men's 5.55m high jump at the Commonwealth Games as Australia's David Cutts failed to clear the bar.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has erased references to Harambe, the gorilla that was shot dead by staff.
China's economy shrank by 6.8% in the final quarter of 2015, according to official figures, the slowest pace since the global financial crisis.
Scientists have developed a battery that can be charged and discharged using the same material as a lithium-ion battery.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is "very, very confident" he will be able to win the Premier League this season.
The Church of England has announced the first woman nominated to be its new bishop.
Wigan Athletic suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten at Oldham.
Swindon Town have confirmed that they are looking into the possibility of a player being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Mansfield Town.
A police watchdog has launched an investigation into the death of a woman in Dundee.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold in honour of Team GB's gold medal haul at the Olympics.
England were held to a draw by Bangladesh on day two of the second Test in Dhaka.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
A procession and party will be held to mark the 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US will not defend its allies if they are attacked.
Plans to re-wilde rivers in upland areas of the UK have been criticised by conservationists.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's game against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in the Borders.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected Chinese economic data.
Police in the northern Indian state of Gujarat have arrested eight men accused of taking poison in a protest against the slaughter of cows.
Former Labour Party leader Paul Gascoigne and ex-TV presenter Chris Coogan have been awarded £100,000 in damages over phone hacking.
Scientists have recreated the path a monarch butterfly takes to cross the Pacific Ocean from Mexico to Central America.
The University of Warrington has unveiled the world's most powerful computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the country's parliament approves legislation to restore it.
A World War Two fighter jet once owned by the Royal Air Force has been put up for sale online.
A former Labour group leader has been elected as the new leader of Birmingham City Council.
Surfers have been heading to Portugal for the first time since a powerful storm hit the UK on Tuesday.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final warm-up game before Euro 2016.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha says his side have a "long journey in front of them" after a solid start to the season.
The number of jobs being created in Northern Ireland by micro-finance firm Micro Focus has risen by 40% in the past year, according to the University of Ulster.
Work has begun on the world's largest radioactive shield to protect the remains of the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
Police investigating a motorbike crash which claimed the life of Tour de France champion Chris Froome have said they have found no evidence to link the incident to a car.
From April 2015, Northern Ireland's local councils will be able to make a wide range of decisions.
A former textile mill in West Yorkshire has been destroyed in a fire.
Cambridgeshire's council has said it has no concerns about the weight of bunting used to decorate the routes of the Tour de France and the Cambridge stage.
A 94-year-old Indian temple official has said that allowing women into the sanctum of a Hindu shrine would increase the risk of rape.
A woman accused of child sex abuse in Sheffield has told a court her daughter became "horrible" when she was raped.
A father has told how he ran to the aid of his daughter after she thought she saw a dead baby in a bus stop.
The Border Agency has questioned staff at a UKIP-run curry house in the south of England about their immigration status.
An Australian expedition ship that ran aground in the Antarctic on Wednesday has been refloated and flown home.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht off the coast of Larne, County Antrim, after the vessel's engine failed.
Two of the biggest US banks, Santander and Deutsche Bank, have been ordered to revise their financial plans after failing a series of tests.
A fund set up in memory of MP Jo Cox has raised more than £6,000 in the space of 24 hours, her husband has said.
Supermarket chain Ocado has reported a record profit for the first time in its history, helped by a surge in sales.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says his side have "probably underachieved" at Euro 2016.
A group of AMs has warned that a "seamless" border between Northern Ireland and Wales could lead to job losses.
A large unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in County Down.
Teenager Sarah Adderley has won the Scottish National Squash Championships for a seventh time.
Former leader of the Scottish Labour Party, David Matheson, is to stand for re-election in Strathclyde.
A police station in the southern Pakistani province of Helmand has been attacked by militants, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers going on to higher education in Scotland has reached its highest ever level, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the extinction of the human race would not happen in the next hundred years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and Jordan Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
A Turkish woman in a headscarf is more likely to be invited to interview for a job in Germany than a German name, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "not worried" about his start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in Mexico City to show their support for the country's first legalised same-sex marriage.
Police have arrested two teenagers in connection with an incident outside Hampden Park on Friday night following the Scottish Cup final.
A man who raped a woman more than 20 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
The proportion of people aged 25 and over who own their own home has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a survey.
The family of a soldier who died at a Surrey barracks more than 20 years ago have applied for a fresh inquest into his death.
Singapore's long-running feud with the government over the commemoration of the country's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has divided the country.
Three Dundee students have created a "silent bag" to deter people from spending money on a credit card.
Two men have been charged with child sex offences at a former school.
Harlequins have signed former Wasps scrum-half Tom Jackson as their new head coach.
Worcestershire and Kent have been unable to play on the first day of their County Championship Division Two match because of a frozen outfield.
At least 11 people have been killed in a fire on a ferry in the Balearic Islands, officials say.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have made a fresh appeal for information.
A frozen meat supplier has been fined £15,000 after being found guilty of breaking food labelling laws.
Robert Godin was working in a supermarket at the time of the "Obamacare" health insurance scandal.
A £1m lottery jackpot has been awarded to a mystery ticket holder.
The French honorary consul for Bodrum in Turkey has denied selling supplies to migrants trying to reach the Greek island.
Iain Coburn, the leader of the UK Independence Party, has said he would do his best to lead the party if asked by colleagues.
Eddie Redmayne is to play a trans woman in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan missed out on a first-round meeting with Peter Holt as he lost 4-3 in the first round of the Welsh Open.
Passengers on the London Underground are being encouraged to wear badges to alert fellow passengers to the dangers of drugs and alcohol on board.
Featherstone Rovers forwards Luke Pick and Jack Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
More than 100 mosques have been closed in Nigeria's capital, Lagos, in a crackdown on noise pollution.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon and move up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt looks at why so many people in the UK are not getting end of life care.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised more than £22m through a share issue.
The Indian state of Kashmir has banned the extravagant wedding of brides and grooms.
Adrian Gill, the editor of the Sunday Times, has died at the age of 87.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been on a mission to solve Europe's migration crisis.
Archaeologists have uncovered new evidence that Galloway may have been the heartland of a lost Dark Age kingdom in the north of Scotland.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey share the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Omar's dream of playing for Annan Athletic in the Scottish League Cup has come true.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% next year, according to a survey.
A paramedic has said he has been left "fragile" after his ambulance company was stripped of its contract.
Lyon Ladies have signed the United States striker Abby Morgan on a two-year deal.
Great Britain's Katie Cheshire missed out on a place in the final of the women's ski slopestyle World Cup in Sierra Nevada, Nevada.
Flyweight Katie Adams has called for the length of rounds in women's boxing to be extended to include the end of the round.
Defending champions Sevilla were held to a goalless draw by Ukrainian side FC Lviv in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final.
The UK's Secretary of State for Europe, David Breedlove, has said Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine would have a "catastrophic impact" on the Black Sea.
It's that time of year when you want to win the Masters.
Ludwig the dog has become a household name in the UK.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "playing fast and loose" with the political process in Northern Ireland.
South Yorkshire's chief constable is to retire after being criticised over his handling of the Rotherham child abuse scandal.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales has risen at an "alarming rate", according to a charity.
Hearts have signed Poland international midfielder Lukas Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operator of the UK's free-to-use ATM network, LINK, has said it is in talks with banks to try to resolve a dispute over fees.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that $681m (Â£681m) was paid to Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak ahead of the 2013 election.
Former world champion Darren Blackwell will defend his IBF super-middleweight title against Michael Doran in London on Saturday.
Turkish police have seized more than 1,000 life jackets from a workshop in the north-eastern city of Izmir, officials say.
A football fan has been given a suspended football ban after he entered the pitch during a match between Southend United and Fulham.
Chris and Gabby Adcock have won the English Open for the first time with victory in the men's singles.
Sheffield United came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move into the League One play-off places.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Poland beat Romania 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Romania.
A school in Adelaide, Australia, has won a prize to design a new national park.
All crew on the Northern Isles freight boats will be paid at least the minimum wage, the government has announced.
Ospreys fly-half George Ford will be available for Saturday's Pro12 game against Scarlets at Kingspan Stadium.
Jockey David Ackerman has been banned from racing for two years after being found guilty of betting on a race at Kempton.
Nato has formally launched its new mission in Afghanistan, ending a decade-long conflict with the Taliban.
A German far-right party has been accused of being racist and anti-Semitic after a member was hit by a car.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
The first minister has accused Theresa May of "giving the impression sometimes that they do not listen" to the Welsh government on Brexit.
Former England captain Paul Downton has been appointed as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new chief executive.
The family of a man who died in a car crash in Greater Manchester have called for tougher penalties for drivers who kill while taking illegal risks.
Two sheep have been rescued from the garden of a house in Londonderry.
Greece's ruling Syriza party has announced a series of reforms aimed at stabilising the country's finances.
A former prison in Gloucester is set to be redeveloped.
Fern Britton has announced her retirement from BBC Radio 1, saying she was "terrified-slash-excited" as her final show aired.
Bath fly-half Tom Watson has been charged with unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham eased to victory over Woking.
Archaeologists in China have discovered a new type of ancient Chinese game in a tomb.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have joined the club if he had not been left out of the squad in pre-season.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than a year in September, as producer prices fell for a third month in a row.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" that defender Jazz Richards has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
A device designed to slow down Virgin Galactic's space spaceship has crashed in California.
In the ruins of the old city of Mosul, Iraqi security forces are still trying to recapture control of the city.
Bumblebees are being poisoned by pesticides, a study suggests.
The Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research in Belfast is to receive more than £1m in funding.
Egypt's antiquities ministry has said it has identified thermal anomalies at the top of the Pyramid of Khufu, one of the country's most famous pyramids.
A cordon has been put up around a quarry after a suspected unexploded World War Two bomb was found.
A man has been arrested in connection with the kidnapping of British model Katie Ayling.
Prank TV shows are becoming increasingly popular in the Arab world, with celebrities being tricked into believing they are in the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
General Motors is investing $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in a plant in the Canadian province of Ontario to boost its car-making capacity.
The funeral of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has taken place.
A fox cub has been rescued from a locked car after its legs got stuck in the engine bay.
The Scottish accent is flourishing, according to a new study.
A cathedral which was closed to the public last year because of asbestos damage is set to reopen after a £7m fundraising campaign.
It is not every day that a woman is paid the same as a man.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed little changed on Wednesday, despite gains in jewellery stocks.
Politicians have called for a ban on unpaid internships.
The Scottish government has announced a major investment in the offshore wind industry.
A pregnant woman was caught with 12 people concealed amongst tyres in a van she was travelling in, a court has heard.
Cuba is one of the world's most prosperous countries and has enjoyed a long-term relationship with the United States.
Alastair Cook is one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says England captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot three times with an air gun in Fife.
The rainbow flag has been flown across the grounds of Stormont House in Northern Ireland.
A Labour MEP has been appointed as the European Parliament's new chief executive.
Hackers claiming to have stolen a script for Game of Thrones have posted it online, according to Entertainment Weekly.
Police are investigating allegations of misconduct by staff at Kids Company, a children's charity in Birmingham.
Morgan Freeman is to be honoured by the American Film Institute (AFI) with a lifetime achievement award.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been left with a capital buffer of just over 8% in the latest European banking stress tests.
Passengers and vehicles on the Isle of Wight's chain ferry will no longer be able to board or disembark at the same time.
Leeds Rhinos have signed Wakefield Trinity Wildcats full-back Ben Simon on a two-year deal.
Family lawyers have criticised a new form asking people to name the person they believe their spouse has committed adultery with.
An endangered bird has returned to a Scottish nature reserve for the first time in more than a decade.
Do you think you are not good enough?
Russia's ambassador to the US has said Jews in New York have told her they will give Donald Trump twice the amount of money if he wins the election.
London Underground has apologised after a fire at Oxford Circus station left four people with smoke inhalation.
Egyptians are being subjected to a "cynical political strategy" aimed at silencing opposition, according to Amnesty International.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "firing up" for a sixth Scottish Premiership title in a row.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
A TV show in which Derren Brown asphyxiated himself was broadcast in error, it has been found.
Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 50m breaststroke to win the 200m freestyle at the Rio Olympics.
In a shocking move, police in the UK have identified a paedophile website.
A Chinese man has been living in a capsule on Mars for more than a decade.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a series of bomb attacks in Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed Matt Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of two journalists have been found in eastern Libya, the government says.
Paralympic gold medallist Sarah Lucas won her first World Para-athletics title with victory in the final race of the season at the Isle of Man TT.
The cost of scrapping tuition fees and setting up a new Office for Students would rise by 2.5p a year, says Education Secretary Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to an Indian naval officer convicted of spying for Pakistan.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint at a house in Londonderry.
More than 1,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting in the UK in the past year, the RSPCA has said.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar charged with inciting violence against students in the capital, Yangon.
A private Muslim school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for allowing a female governor to sit in the main meeting room.
A "deliberate and depraved" pensioner who raped and sexually abused a woman has been jailed for 12 months.
Cambridge United's unbeaten start to the League Two season continued with a 2-1 defeat by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possession of a firearm.
Cardiff City striker Rhys Jones could be out for at least two months with a knee injury.
Teachers in England and Wales should be given a 1% pay rise, says the Department for Education and six of the country's biggest teachers' unions.
Drilling for shale gas in Lancashire has been suspended after an earthquake in April.
Four paintings by Michelangelo da Caravaggio have gone on display at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-factor authentication system to allow users to regain access to their iCloud accounts.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed by Syrian government artillery, has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against President Bashar al-Assad.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed and his brother was left with "life-changing injuries" after being attacked by a dog, an inquest has heard.
Scottish government funding for sport and physical activity is to be cut by 20% by the end of next year, the Scottish Government has announced.
Pregnant women who eat a high fat diet during pregnancy are more likely to suffer heart disease or strokes, a study suggests.
Ancient weapons found on the Isle of Coll 3,000 years ago have been handed over to a museum.
A teenager has been punched in the face on a train between Glasgow Central and Neilston.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of downloading sexually explicit files involving minors.
Beyonce has been named the most valuable artist of all time by Forbes magazine.
Brazilian footballer Pele has sold his winner's medal from the 1966 World Cup in Brazil for more than £100,000.
Indonesia's president has summoned Australia's ambassador for questioning over allegations that the Australian government tapped his mobile phone in 2009.
Activists in Syria say they have seen a video which appears to show rebels shooting dead at least 70 government soldiers and civilians.
Organic farming is more beneficial for wildlife than conventional methods, according to a new study.
Thousands of concert managers have signed a letter calling for a review of the resale of secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government has raised its bank levy by 0.088% for the first time since the financial crisis.
A sharp sell-off in US and European bonds has been triggered by President Donald Trump's election victory.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, helped by the launch of new fresh food ranges.
A motorist was stopped by police after trying to find Sam Smith's song on You tube.
Actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed that she has lost her eyesight for the first time in her career.
A commercial bus has been found stuck in a muck heap.
A total solar eclipse has been observed across much of the world.
Plans for a universal basic income in Wales are "far too expensive", a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher has said.
Two hospitals in north Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the health board following an outbreak of a superbug.
It's been a good year for the Welsh Conservatives.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd could be used as a site for a demonstrator reactor.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed David Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A campaign is calling for medical cannabis to be legalised in the UK.
Tunisians have voted to elect a new president, in the country's first post-independence transition since the Arab Spring.
Partick Thistle have signed Dundee United midfielder Ryan Erskine for an undisclosed fee.
Tax experts from the Big Four accountancy firms have defended their advice on tax avoidance.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer in Scotland may be even greater than initially thought, according to new research.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says it was "probably fate" he was sacked by Aston Villa in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a German Jewish man who says he was a member of the Einsatzkommando during World War Two.
There are still too many small businesses in Scotland lacking basic digital skills, according to a new report.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected data from the US services sector.
A 22-year-old man has been jailed for life for raping a 16-year old girl in a park.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have been told they face team orders if they fail to follow new rules after their collision in Austria.
Russia has blocked more than 1,000 pornographic websites, the country's government agency has said.
The home of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named in a list of the UK's most endangered historic buildings.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new prime minister.
France's far-right National Front (FN) party leader Marine Le Pen is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Jamie Francis says he is relieved to be retained in Wales' Six Nations squad despite their recent loss to England.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of youths at a bank in Denbighshire.
The future of a vulnerable railway line in Devon could be at risk by 2040, according to a new study by academics.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers who were affected by cracks in the sea wall on the Dover to St Pancras railway.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Glastonbury to celebrate the festival's 70th anniversary.
Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has written to the presiding officer of the Welsh Assembly to warn of the "aggressive" nature of debates on Brexit.
I have been working as a freelance journalist for the BBC for the last two years.
Brewers have signed Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan from Championship side Huddersfield Town until the end of the season.
When Victoria Barker was told she had Down's syndrome, she was devastated.
A man who sold a "green monster" pushchair for £1,000 on eBay has said he has "broken the auction limit".
A former Rabobank trader has pleaded guilty to rigging key interest rates.
Hull FC have signed hooker Joe Arundel from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England have been described as a "good aspiration" by a leading health charity.
Helen Jenkins has shown she has "potential" to medal at the 2016 Olympics by winning the World Series event in Australia, says British Triathlon chief executive Steve Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to investigate the sale of Northern Ireland assets by the Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency.
American entrepreneur Tim Allen has launched a private space venture.
A wildlife charity has lost a legal challenge against the Scottish government's approval of three offshore wind farms.
A man who admitted raping two girls in Fife has been deemed fit to be discharged from hospital.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
South Sudan's civil war has been described as "genocide" and "ethnic cleansing" by the United Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can end a six-game losing run in the Championship with victory over Rangers.
A mascot for a Derbyshire regiment has been promoted to the rank of lance corporal.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a bomb attack on a shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, officials say.
House of Cards and Breaking Bad have been named as Collins' Words of the Year 2016.
Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned as coach of Brazil after the team were knocked out of the World Cup.
Generic cancer drugs in England cost the NHS £380m a year in 2011 and £2.61 in 2016, according to a study by UK researchers.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has failed to win the $5m (Â£3.2m) Nobel Peace Prize, which is awarded to the country's most successful leader.
A yellow "be aware" warning for strong winds has been issued for parts of Scotland for Friday and Saturday, the Met Office has said.
Michelle Terry has been appointed as the new actor-manager of Shakespeare's Globe.
Police are searching for a man and a toddler who have been missing for more than a week.
If you're a dancer, you're guaranteed to be seen in front of the camera.
A Banksy mural that went missing more than a year ago is to go on display in Covent Garden.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese city of Macau have fallen sharply in the three months to September, according to official figures.
The Indian literary council, the Sahitya Akademi, has apologised to writers who returned their awards to the institution.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of an Oxfordshire college.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of Swansea man Mark Warburton.
Britain's Adam Yates won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine to move into the overall lead of the race.
England midfielder James Milner has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal and Hull played out a goalless draw in the FA Cup second round at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement complaint against Samsung, accusing it of infringing some of its technology.
Saif al-Arab, the brother of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, was the most senior military commander in the country's armed forces.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after her car was hit by a tree.
The Scottish government has said it remains "confident" that a final deal on new tax powers will be reached by the end of the month.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said there has been an "increase of militarisation" in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has said David Cameron has been forced to pull his English votes for English laws plans because of his "slender and fragile" majority.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking her to set out his plans for a full inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire.
Ospreys have signed Italy prop Brian Mujati on a two-year deal.
A British man who went missing in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his girlfriend has said.
The funeral of Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson has taken place to mark the 121st anniversary of the club's formation.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that giant panda Tian Tian may give birth at the end of the month.
A campaign has been launched to get the robin and hen harrier recognised as the nation's official national birds.
Austrian police have arrested a lookalike of Adolf Hitler who has been photographed outside the birthplace of the Nazi leader.
A man has died after being stabbed at a house in South Yorkshire.
Two London Underground lines have been closed in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Joe Root is the "obvious candidate" to become England's new Test captain, says wicket-taker James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced on Tuesday that it would allow internet services to be upgraded, the internet was gripped by a wave of protest.
Joey Gray's late penalty gave Burnley victory over Blackburn to move up to second in the Championship and move back to the top of the table.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create up to 11,000 jobs at its Solihull plant in the UK.
Corey Whitely's late goal earned Dagenham a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool.
A 21-year-old man has been stabbed to death at a bar in south London.
A list of the oldest trees in the UK has been shortlisted for the BBC World Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Denbighshire.
More than 100 jobs are to be lost at a Kerry Foods factory in Londonderry.
Jellyfish have been spotted on Anglesey for the first time in more than a decade, prompting a warning to swimmers.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by a man and his girlfriend who "set about trying to cover up the truth", a court has heard.
The Duke of Edinburgh has given birth to a baby girl.
Wales have made their first change to their squad for Friday's Test against Samoa at Twickenham.
Durham County Council has said it will take legal action against the authority's planning inspector after he refused to reopen an examination of its plans.
The UK Border Agency must do more to deal with the "over-stayers" who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the government's immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as the world's most influential woman.
A man has been found guilty of carrying out a sheep rustling case in Powys after DNA evidence was used to identify the ewes.
A new exhibition has opened in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the artist William Blake.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been rated as a "threat to global security" by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has confirmed that it is in talks with Deutsche Boerse to merge its London and Frankfurt offices.
Imagine going to a steam bathhouse in London and being whacked on the back with oak bunches.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service.
Australian Airlines chief executive Alan Joyce has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for a vote on same-sex marriage.
Marko Jakupovic made a fine save as Hull City and Manchester United played out a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68th pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and Shannon are sitting in the living room of their home in Manchester, surrounded by photographs of their son, Kayden.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party over a "hate campaign" against her over a controversial decision to remove English-stream education.
St Johnstone came from behind to draw with Rangers and move up to second in the Scottish Premiership.
When it comes to losing, it's easy to say that losing is the worst part of any campaign.
A man has been shot dead by police officers who were responding to a disturbance in Bedfordshire.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has "no idea" if he will be offered a new contract by the club.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale beat Wasps to move up to second in the Premiership.
Lewis Hamilton is the only driver to win 50 Formula 1 races.
The Sri Lankan army says it is continuing its search for survivors of a mudslide that has killed at least 134 people.
Justin Gatlin has set a new world record in the 200m at the World Championships after running the fastest time of his career.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cut-backs in the use of customised "rest chambers" on European flights after a media report revealed the cost of customising them.
India's security forces have been accused of violating human rights in Indian-administered Kashmir by Amnesty International.
The sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his ex-girlfriend will be filmed from a macer in Argyll.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to a Muslim family in the US after falsely claiming they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the toymaker refused to sell its products to him.
Miranda Miranda has opened her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie.
The number of homeless people in Northampton has risen by more than 50% in the past three years, a report has found.
Mikheil Saakashvili, the former justice minister, has been elected president of Georgia for the first time.
A charity has warned of a "crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in Scotland.
West Ham reached the Europa League play-off round for the first time in their history with a 2-2 draw with Juventus in London.
At least 19 people have been killed in a fire at a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
England's best rowers have been named in the PR3 mixed coxed four crew for the World Cup in Florida.
Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate and Hallam Amos have signed new dual contracts with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Aston Villa have signed former England captain Chris Coleman on a two-year deal.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, Theresa May has said the UK would be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the EU.
Bees in Cardiff make the same sound as those in Aberystwyth or Wrexham, according to new research.
Lincoln City reached the League One play-off round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Oldham Athletic.
The cost of the botched West Coast rail franchise is likely to be £8.9m higher than previously estimated, MPs have said.
The Nobel Prize for Chemistry is one of the most prestigious scientific awards in the world.
Former world champion Mark Lines has become the first British player to win a World Championship after beating former world champion Gary Hendry.
The Scottish independence debate has divided opinion across the country.
Taxpayers should be given the right to raise additional funds for the NHS and social care if they choose, Liberal Democrat leader Nick Lamb has said.
Craig Ferguson says Clyde must win on Saturday if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
If you want to know what the future holds for Greece, you have to go to the streets of Thessaloniki.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been found at the site of a house in County Monaghan.
Parents are being "punished" for living in a rural area where their children cannot walk to the bus stop.
A mass has been held in Glasgow to mark the first anniversary of the earthquake in Italy.
It's been a turbulent year for Australia's prime minister.
Ferrari's Lewis Hamilton edged Mercedes team-mate Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged with fraud after thousands of pounds worth of tickets were sold at the Notting Hill Carnival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time since the city was handed over to the mainland in 1997.
A rapper has taken to the streets of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu to protest against the appointment of a new chief minister.
Police in China have arrested 11 people in connection with a landslide at a landfill in Shenzhen.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, according to a leading environmental group.
A US judge has acquitted a police officer of manslaughter over the deaths of two black teenagers in Cleveland.
Russia has condemned a series of bomb attacks in Syria that left at least 120 people dead.
Promotion play-offs will be scrapped for Championship sides in 2017-18 as part of a new deal between the Rugby Football Union and Premiership clubs.
The cost of recycling household waste in Wales has fallen by more than £400,000 in the past year.
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, is getting under way.
A knife has been found in the playground of a Dumfries and Galloway school, police have said.
The first round of the UK Championship takes place in York on Thursday.
Red Bull's hopes of winning the Australian Grand Prix were dashed as they finished third in the championship.
It has been a year since Scotland voted to leave the European Union.
Businesses in Perth are to open their doors to the public on First Thursday in a bid to revive the city's reputation as a visitor destination.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the prospect of playing for England in the T20 Blast.
The funeral of Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer Ronan Kerr is taking place in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's most senior law officer.
A ferry has crashed into a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Liberal Democrat MP Liz Black has been named National Magazine's Young Musician of the Year.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the law on assisted dying in England and Wales.
Porto reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Bayern Munich.
Tottenham Hotspur have reached a settlement with the family of a 16-year-old boy who suffered a heart attack after signing for the club.
Actress Keira Knightley is to star in a new stage adaptation of Tolstoy's classic novel.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to retire.
A 10-year-old boy from Toronto has apologised for ripping a note out of his bunk.
Northern Ireland's Paul Waites says he will return to competitive action after recovering from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship.
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Michael Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Ladies have signed Germany international defender Anna Linden from Frankfurt for an undisclosed fee.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been charged with contempt of parliament after failing to attend a meeting of MPs' select committee.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has dismissed claims that his players have been "like monks" in the wake of England's World Cup exit.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move up to second in the Premiership.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after reaching the Champions League quarter-finals.
At least two people have been killed in a rollercoaster accident at the Dreamworld theme park in Australia's capital, Canberra.
A man has admitted possessing heroin with a street value of more than £263,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A gang member has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in Kent.
It's not every day that a central bank fails to raise interest rates.
Two men have been jailed for grooming a teenage girl into prostitution in Hertfordshire.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in Cambridgeshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said she wants his organs to be used for transplant.
Salford Red Devils scrum-half George North has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build a circuit in Gwynedd has been told it would be a "net gain" for biodiversity.
Garry Thompson scored twice as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town.
The number of suicides under the care of crisis teams in mental health units in the UK has reached a record high, a report suggests.
Ulster won the Ulster Women's Football Cup for the first time in their history by beating Connacht 5-13 to 1-10 in the final at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs have been asked to "increase the amount of food disposal" at Holyrood's headquarters to ensure they get a decent cup of coffee in committee.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cancel some operations until after Christmas, the chief medical officer for Wales has said.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's most prosperous countries.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat drifted off the coast of Malin in Lough Swilly.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says he would pick Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana to win the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people trying to sell a rare snake on the black market.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has arrived in the capital, Brasilia, after being impeached by the Senate for manipulating the budget.
Derry City moved nine points clear at the top of the League of Ireland table as Danny Boyle's first-half goal earned them victory over Wexford.
A team of mountain rescue volunteers has said the number of callouts to Crib Goch could have been avoided if they had been more experienced.
Paris St-Germain have signed Neymar from Barcelona for £198m.
Celtic's January transfer window was dominated by the arrival of Fulham's 18-year-old Turkish winger Omer Turk and Celtic's £1.5m signing of Danish defender Midtjylland.
The Pirate Bay website has been hit by a DDoS attack.
A robotic arm designed to replace amputated limbs has won a £2,000 (£1,000) UK engineering prize.
Francois Fillon has become France's centre-right presidential candidate.
A hospital's accident and emergency department could be moved to Shrewsbury under new NHS plans.
Scott Brown has been a "big part of my career" over the last 10 years, according to Scotland coach Gordon Strachan.
The UK government has formally signed a contract with EDF to build the Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset.
The number of people contacting a service charity to ask for help from the Army has risen in the past year, the charity has said.
A former Met Police officer has been jailed for six years for making and possessing indecent images of children.
Is it time for a coup to be staged in the Labour Party?
Mark Selby's hopes of reaching the World Championship semi-finals suffered a blow as he lost 6-2 to Fu Junhui in the quarter-finals.
Scotland goalkeeper Charlotte Evans says reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation".
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at a school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he would be a "huge disappointment" if the club did not offer him a new contract at Wembley.
Nepal's government is considering limiting the number of people able to climb Mount Everest, the world's highest mountain.
The family of a man who died in a crash on the M4 in October have called for a new driving licence to be introduced.
A US court has sentenced a former Olympic champion to six years in prison for sexually assaulting a 19-year-old woman in 2012.
Plans to protect coastal rail lines in Devon and Cornwall have been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has installed a porcelain urinal in one of its bathrooms.
The centenary of the birth of a US airman is to be celebrated at the Scottish National College of Art (SMO).
The rollout of superfast broadband in rural areas of Scotland has been criticised by BT.
Education Secretary Carwyn Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be the worst performing nation in the UK by 2021.
Three people have been arrested in India over the TalkTalk data breach, the company has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of killing two police officers in the US state of Iowa.
The Scottish government has announced a £51m increase in the number of student teacher places in Scotland.
Mark Lawrie says he is relishing the prospect of playing in Europe's Ryder Cup against the United States.
The Unison union has said it will nominate Jeremy Corbyn as its candidate in the Labour leadership contest.
American Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after two rounds of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Jamie Heaslip has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Wales on Saturday with a back injury.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council has been suspended following allegations of failings in safeguarding procedures.
Netflix has expanded its video streaming service to more than 100 countries.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have announced the departure of manager John Hughes.
There was no protest in Greece this weekend.
The Public Prosecution Service has said it will not prosecute Gerry Adams over the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to a new study.
Catalans Dragons have announced the retirement of former New South Wales international Tom Mason after a season with the Catalans Dragons.
(Close): Shares in fashion house Burberry rose after a number of broker downgrades.
Muslim Match, a dating website for married Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's Vice-President, accusing him of being involved in drug trafficking.
A man has been stabbed in the leg in west Belfast.
An award-winning novel about World War Two has gone on sale in the US.
Tanzania's President Joseph Kikwete has sacked a government minister over her handling of a $1m (£1.5m) donation to a school.
Theresa May had come prepared to apologise.
JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay $13bn (Â£11bn) to settle civil and criminal charges over the sale of mortgage-backed securities during the financial crisis, reports say.
Welsh cyclist Becky James is "getting the best treatment possible" as she prepares to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, says her coach Chris Sutton.
South Korean team SKT has won the League of Legends (LoL) title for the first time.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored his first goal for Sheffield United as they beat League One strugglers Bury.
A 19-year-old man has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia after a close brush with death.
All pictures are copyrighted. Â© Scotsland Press
A 27-year-old man has been charged in connection with the Paris attacks, French prosecutors say.
Great Britain's Rachel Tutton won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Swimming Championships in London.
Crofting minister Mary McLeod has said the Scottish government is prepared to consider offering loans to crofters.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to walk away from the club.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than a year.
Scientists say they have found a way to explain why carbon was vaporised into space more than 100 million years ago.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Friday, boosted by gains in the US and Japan.
The FBI has asked authorities in the US to unlock the iPhone of San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Ayr United's new badge has been unveiled after a vote by the club's fans.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff.
A West Yorkshire teenager has been reported to have travelled to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group.
Five Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the Super League club.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being forced into his bedroom by his mother told an inquest he felt "unsafe" in school, an inquest has heard.
A man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been ordered to report to the Irish police twice a week.
A new £2.5m centre to improve the way people are treated with wounds has been launched in Cardiff.
On Thursday night, President Donald Trump appeared to change his mind on foreign policy.
Mark Foderingham says it is "disappointing" that Rangers midfielder Scott Sinclair has been banned from all football-related activity.
A Minnesota doctor called police after Prince's body was found at his Paisley Park home, his lawyer has said.
Edinburgh's Twelve Closes are to be revamped as part of a £1m project to revitalise the city's Old Town.
Belgium's parliament has voted to ban the wearing of full face veils in public places, under a controversial law.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Munster have appointed former British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell as their new director of rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has left the party to join the Lib Dems, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The amount of cocaine being produced in Colombia has increased by almost 50% in the past year, according to a new report by the United Nations.
When you think of winger Oliver Burke, you might think of a Welshman, a Scotland Under-19s captain and a Scottish Under-21s captain.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic taekwondo champion Alassane Cisse has been given a lavish welcome by the Ivorian government.
A strike by Southern rail guards has led to 700 fewer trains being suspended or reduced across Sussex and Surrey.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the Portuguese state of Porto, officials say.
Cristian is growing his own cannabis plants in a park in Montevideo.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte has been auctioned for charity.
A major oil platform in the North Sea has been shut down after a leak.
Two British men arrested in Abu Dhabi are due to appear in court in the United Arab Emirates.
Den Haag have completed the signing of former Hearts and Norway international Christian Johnsen on a two-year deal.
Two young people have been recruited to a monastic order in Monmouthshire.
It is almost time for Louis van Gaal to step up his game.
When you think of the armed forces, think of Russia and the Taliban.
Wales' men's hockey team lost 3-1 to Scotland in the semi-finals of the EuroHockey A Division.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the "top drawer" qualities of back-row forward Jack Woodburn.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola will face Manchester City in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has praised the government for removing the country's highest denomination currency, the rupee, from circulation.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Paul Casey shot a three-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Race to Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended its litter enforcement officers after they were caught on camera raking in more than £1,000 in fines.
The pound has fallen sharply against the dollar after a closely watched survey suggested the UK might avoid recession.
More than 100 police officers have been injured in rioting and disorder across London over the past two nights.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has risen by more than 5% in the past five years, figures have shown.
England will face Russia in the last 16 of Euro 2016 on Saturday.
The public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales will not be forced to reveal details of its operations unless they are in the public interest, a judge has ruled.
The Rugby Football League is to review video footage of an on-field fight between Keighley Cougars and Fryston Warriors in the Challenge Cup fourth round.
US actress Shirley Temple has died at the age of 55.
MK Dons have signed Millwall midfielder Abdou for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer.
A Porto player has been banned for four years for an attack on a referee in an amateur football match.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is celebrating his 70th birthday at the Albert Hall.
A man has been found dead and a woman's body found in a wheelie bin outside a block of flats.
A police force has been criticised for under-recording crimes that should have been recorded, a watchdog has said.
Gillingham manager Paul Brown has appealed against the red card shown to him in the 2-2 draw with Southend.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Borders to mark the start of a new school year.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede at a Hindu festival in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Victor Assou-Ekotto has signed a new two-year contract with St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in what he has described as a major shake-up of the country's government.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrading his Nkandla residence.
The body of a third man has been recovered from the site of the collapsed Tesco supermarket in Rotherham.
A Pembrokeshire teacher who sent sexually inappropriate messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
A baby chick has hatched at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve in Perthshire, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has announced.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a house fire in County Tyrone.
A care home run by Cornwall Care has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Donald Trump has made a number of controversial statements in his first 100 days in office.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary at his Dorset home are searching a river in a bid to recover the weapon.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London.
Welsh Premiership side Newport Gwent Dragons have been taken over by a California-based group.
A former care worker has been charged with historical sex offences against children at a Sussex boarding school.
Schools and colleges are to hold seminars to help them prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has said North Korea's recent missile test is "outrageous" and should be stopped.
Actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the new Star Wars film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United have confirmed they are close to signing three players in the January transfer window.
A historic railway bridge has been uncovered for the first time in more than 100 years.
The UK has recorded its hottest temperature ever recorded in the UK, with temperatures reaching 36.7C (98F) in London.
The death of German pilot Andreas Lubitz in the Munich air disaster is a tragic accident.
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons.
Scientists say they have found a clue to the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a "terrible deal" from the European Union.
Glamorgan teenager Dai Donald and Aneurin Lloyd both hit maiden first-class centuries as the club beat Leicestershire by eight wickets in Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man in west London have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to play a musical instrument?
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke is not a fan of pop.
A school in Oxfordshire which has been rated inadequate by the education watchdog is set to close.
Three UK intelligence agencies have increased their recruitment targets for women by more than 50% in the past year.
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire has been awarded a knighthood by the Mayor of Doncaster.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Motherwell midfielder Alex Jules on a season-long loan deal.
The merger of O2 and CK Hutchison has been blocked by the European Commission.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
Oldham maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a 2-0 win over Peterborough.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Scientists are working to better understand the impact of solar storms on the Earth.
Bath have signed Leicester Tigers second-row Geoff Parling and Leicester Tigers centre Olly Woodburn on two-year deals.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with mining shares among the biggest fallers.
A charity auction for a lunch with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $1m (Â£770,000) on eBay.
Victor Traore has been left out of Guinea's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Swaziland.
Cape Verde's hopes of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia.
An Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire has been put up for sale.
The number of suicides on Britain's rail network has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to the Samaritans.
Susie Wolff will drive for Williams for the first time in 2015, the team have announced.
Nottingham Forest have signed Bristol Rovers midfielder Josh Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden in memory of their mother at Kensington Palace.
Police in Spain say they have foiled a van attack in the Spanish city of Barcelona.
Work to build a new roundabout on the A55 in Wrexham has been delayed until the end of the year.
Phil Taylor reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time with a comfortable win over Kim Huybrechts of Belgium.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are to take part in a project to make their DNA publicly available.
Chris Crofts has signed a new contract with Gillingham until the end of the season.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries on their return to the top of the England batting order as they helped the visitors to a six-wicket win over Sri Lanka in Birmingham.
A helicopter has been involved in a "precautionary landing" on Snowdonia after it was forced to make an emergency landing on a mountain.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has defended the Scottish government's £250m funding deal for local authorities.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at a livestock mart in the Highlands for an estimated £1m.
On Monday morning, thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to watch the launch of the UK's most advanced science experiment.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician, officials say.
A visitor to a war memorial in France has said he is "very concerned" about a dispute over parking restrictions.
The decision by London Mayor Boris Johnson to back David Cameron in the EU referendum has been hailed as a "historic moment" for the Conservative Party.
Ulster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A job seeker has said she is "furious" after being sent an e-mail suggesting she was a "home educated oddball".
Actor Jim Broadbent has been praised by critics for his portrayal of Ebenezer Scrooge in the revival of Dickens' classic tale.
There has been a surge in the number of free period tracking apps on the market.
The sister of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has said she feels "heartache" ahead of his sentencing for murder.
Salford Red Devils have released Josh Chase and Ben Paterson and are in talks with Leigh Centurions over a deal to sign Josh Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his best route to securing Champions League places.
Dame Judi Dench has said she is "delighted" to be supporting a project to rebuild a school in Surrey.
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Patients at hundreds of GP surgeries in England face "painful" waits to see their doctor, the Conservatives have said.
American Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" after winning the PGA Championship at Valhalla.
Five men who blew up cash machines in a Liverpool restaurant were justified in firing shots at them, a police watchdog has said.
The number of motorcyclists killed in London has risen by more than 20% in the past year, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United have confirmed the signing of Northern Ireland Under-20 international defender Ryan McNair for the 2017 Milk Cup.
An accident and emergency unit at a Wrexham hospital has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The man accused of shooting dead five people at a Florida airport may face the death penalty, a judge has said.
A man accused of planning to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he was "ashamed" of seeing child pornography.
New Zealand and Russia have agreed to designate the Ross Sea as an Important Protected Area (MPA).
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to mark the start of the Hindu festival of lights.
Jackie Collins, the author of Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men, has died at the age of 91, her family has said.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of murdering her fourth husband with cyanide.
A seven-year-old sturgeon has been rescued from a flooded fish centre.
Former West Indies captain Ben Simmons has been sacked as head coach after being found guilty of misconduct.
A drug dealer who went on the run after being released on parole has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing presenters Steve and Ola Jordan have spoken of their shock at the news that they have been accused of bullying.
A new film about mental health is to be shot in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will have to rely on youth players to fill the void left by the injury crisis.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said that the explosion of a rocket that exploded in Florida last week was "the most difficult and complex failure in 14 years".
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two teenagers who were wrongly arrested by Metropolitan Police have been awarded more than £100,000 in damages.
Zimbabwe's First Lady Grace Mugabe has been granted diplomatic immunity by the South African government over an alleged assault on a model.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage dancers to jail for performing a dance dance reminiscent of World War Two victory celebrations.
League Two side Huddersfield Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Ryan Webster and Middlesbrough defender Jack Clarke for undisclosed fees.
Premier League clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Brighton & Hove Albion manager Alan Archibald has said he does not believe Polish coaches are trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in Scotland.
Welsh 800m champion Katie Peake is targeting a personal best of 4.50m to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a school in Peshawar on Wednesday, the question is whether there was a foreign hand in the attack.
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off its four main business units as part of a "bold new course" to unlock value.
League One side Morecambe have signed former Preston North End midfielder Tom Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal.
China's environmental ministry has issued "severe pollution" alerts for 10 cities across the country.
The idea of "morality police" forces patrolling the streets of Iran has sparked debate in the Middle East.
Wakefield Trinity beat Huddersfield Giants to reach the Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history.
A car has ended up on top of a Volkswagen Golf in Londonderry.
The latest X-Men film, The Imitation Game, has been named best film at the Empire Awards in London.
For the first time in his career, Mark Barak was not sure what to expect from an oil field.
An Asda store in Manchester is to turn off the lights and music for an hour in a bid to help autistic people feel more comfortable.
It was in the midst of the war in Syria that James Barrett first started working as a dog breeder.
Google's artificial intelligence system has mastered a wide range of video games.
Aston Villa have appointed Chinese businessman Dr Xiaochuan as their new chief executive.
The head of Brazil's security forces has said that a jihadist attack on the Olympic Games in Rio in August was a "possibility".
Dave Swanson has signed a new contract with St Johnstone, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The EU is trying to find a solution to the migrant crisis, which has seen tens of thousands of migrants crossing the bloc's borders.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a new petrol engine that it says is the world's first to use an internal combustion engine.
A Crystal Palace fan has been found guilty of throwing a baton at police during the FA Cup third-round tie at Selhurst Park.
A medical examiner in Guatemala has ordered the retrial of General Rios Montt, the former head of the army.
A hospital has warned people not to attempt to enter its accident and emergency department to play Pokemon Go.
Newcastle Falcons have signed Leicester Tigers scrum-half Toby Flood.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of British hip-hop.
Danny Mayor scored a stoppage-time winner as Millwall came from behind to beat Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after a series of firsts, including the country's first manned spaceflight.
A volunteer who helped save Cardigan Castle has resigned from the trust that ran the project.
A police officer has been shot dead during a shootout with a suspected far-right gunman in Bavaria, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he wants his players to be "physical, fair and brutal" in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Johnston Press has reported a rise in profits and revenues for the first eight weeks of the year, despite "challenging trading conditions".
A free school in Birmingham has been rated "outstanding" by Ofsted, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A campaign launched by families of British servicemen killed in the Iraq war has raised more than £100,000.
China's Ma Ying-jeou won gold in the men's singles at the Rio Olympics with a 4-1 victory over compatriot Zhang Shuai.
An Australian woman who was seriously injured in a bushfire has completed her first triathlon in more than a decade.
In the last few years, the company has become one of the world's biggest healthcare companies.
The James Webb Space Telescope has been put into orbit for the first time.
Morocco has been granted full membership of the African Union (AU) after it applied to rejoin the continental body in 1991.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country.
Police have said the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries have passed peacefully.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a public consultation on Scottish independence later.
More than 200,000 blood donors have been pledged to help save the life of a six-year-old girl who was treated for leukaemia.
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "real sea change" in crime porn.
A shopping centre in east London has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Angola's government has withdrawn a controversial internet law aimed at curbing the spread of anti-government sentiment.
Hungary is one of the most ethnically diverse countries in Central Europe.
A woman has been set on fire in a restaurant after a group of men set fire to her hair, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has said he will veto a bill that would ban the promotion of homosexuality.
Award-winning actress Ava DuVernay has criticised the studio behind the upcoming film Gods of Egypt for failing to "live up to our own standards of sensitivity and diversity".
Wales will take on Belgium in the Euro 2016 semi-finals on Wednesday.
Two teenagers have been charged over the death of a pregnant woman in east London.
Oscar-winning actor Kevin Kline is to star in the new Beauty and the Beast film, it has been announced.
Warrenpoint Town will host Dungannon Swifts in the Irish Premiership quarter-finals on Monday night.
Wales' lack of superfast broadband is "like saying you don't have a road now", a leading technology executive has said.
An MP has called for a meeting with the Italian government to discuss the family of a British woman who was stabbed to death in Italy in 2012.
Output in the UK's industrial and construction sectors fell in February, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are being urged to get into work.
Swansea City midfielder Jack Grimes has joined League Two side West Bromwich Albion on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle banned items into a prison.
Gusts of up to 55mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Indian author Shashank Ghosh has been taking to social media to tour the official residence of the President of India.
A flood-hit town is "better prepared" for a repeat of the Great Flood of 2015, a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Ryan Moore and ex-Bristol defender David Spence on loan.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win at Glamorgan.
Iceland beat 10-man Netherlands 2-0 to move level on points with the Netherlands at the top of Euro 2016 qualifying.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared, have been formally identified, the BBC has learned.
Olympic gold medallist Laura Adlington has opened a new £1m swimming pool at the Bridgefoot Sports Centre in Bath.
Plans for a second phase of development at Stoke-on-Trent's former stadium have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen after the department store chain reported a sharp fall in sales.
The UK's National Radio Networks (Nats) has developed a system that bounces radio waves off wind turbines.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has launched a series of major investigations into the handling of child sexual abuse cases in England and Wales.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed left-back Yannick Toussaint on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists have discovered a gene which may be responsible for unexplained failure to produce sperm.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been taken to hospital in Belfast with a serious head injury.
Bats have invaded an 11th Century church in York, damaging its altar and filling it with urine and faeces.
France's far-right movement has been dissolved after a teenager was killed in a brawl, a prosecutor has said.
Tony Bellew says he would not fight Anthony Joshua for the heavyweight world title.
Maesteg Harlequins scrum-half Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) for failing a drugs test.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon with a straight-set win over Italy's Elena Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property has more than doubled in the past five years, according to a survey.
West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton captain Danny Duffy says a win over Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault in Sunderland.
Plans for a hydroelectric power station in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead despite opposition from the Open Spaces Society.
The Football Association has confirmed the following changes to the starting line-up for the National League game between Macclesfield and Dover.
Wales reached the semi-finals of the 1986 World Cup with a 2-0 win over England in Cardiff.
Prof Stephen Hawking has been invited to give a lecture on science and technology to the University of Edinburgh.
A man has been arrested after a fire in a car in West Lothian.
A man with a rare form of bowel disease has called for councils in Wales to be ordered to provide a set number of toilets per population area.
British Airways cabin crew have rejected a new pay offer from the Unite union in a dispute over pay, the airline has said.
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the bomber who carried out last week's suicide bombing in the capital, Ankara, as his father.
Plans to build a hydro power station upstream from the Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been rejected by the environment body.
A pensioner has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenage netball player by dangerous driving.
The smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" in Kent than any other ban in the UK, UKIP's former leader has said.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in Timperley, Lancashire, to mark the centenary of his death.
Firefighters in England are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions, a union has said.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A man accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £150,000 has told a court he was injured in a car crash in which his electric guitar was damaged.
It's been another busy week for me at Wimbledon.
A handwritten manuscript has been appraised by the National Library of England.
Airbus and one of the world’s biggest companies, OneWeb, have launched a multi-satellite constellation in the sky.
A mother and her two-year-old child have been found safe and well in Pembrokeshire.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost his appeal against his murder conviction, the country's highest court has ruled.
A court in Japan has ordered the reopening of two nuclear reactors that were closed after the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first comedy festival has been launched.
Former Crewe Alexandra footballer David Woodward has said he is "still waiting" for police to visit him over allegations of historical child abuse.
A petition calling for a change in revenge porn laws has been signed by more than 1,000 people.
The chief executive of India's banned Dera Sacha Sauda sect has resigned after the film was cleared for release.
Is it time to stop the hairdo craze?
Claudia Winkleman has announced she is to leave Strictly Come Dancing.
More than half of rail passengers are paying too much for their journeys, according to new research.
Hundreds of university staff have taken part in a picket line in Wrexham.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at how Christmas advertising is changing.
Glasgow-based Aggreko has agreed to buy North American heating solutions provider Dryco for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he is "disappointed" by Donald Trump's US election victory.
Three men have been cautioned after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed the band are planning a world tour in the future.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Milos Raonic in the first round of the US Open.
Preston North End moved into the Championship play-off places with a goalless draw at Barnsley.
A South Korean basketball player accused of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she had a South Korean grandmother has been banned from the sport.
All children under the age of 12 will be eligible for a government-supported childcare scheme, the government has announced.
Plans to host the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion have been approved by the county council.
Leigh Centurions head coach Gary Rowley has resigned after the club failed to qualify for the Qualifiers.
More than 2,000 people in Finland are taking part in a trial of a basic income.
Mount Etna in Italy has erupted for the first time in more than a decade.
Scotland scrum-half George Pyrgos says he is relishing the prospect of being named World Cup captain.
Iraqi forces have retaken the eastern city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the first time in more than a year.
A lookalike has been sharing photos of herself with Taylor Swift on social media.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Monday, boosted by gains in oil and gas companies.
Football is one of the most exciting sports in the world.
A third foot has been found in a park in Bristol, police have said.
Plans to demolish a number of Victorian hotels and apartments have been approved by councillors.
A Pakistani judge has recused himself from hearing an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy.
The waiting time for mental health assessment and treatment in Wales is to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
A former Australian rugby league player has been charged with cocaine trafficking in South East Queensland.
Former England batsman Chris Lewis says he is determined to help young players avoid the pitfalls of a professional career.
Ross County moved up to second in the Premiership with victory at Kilmarnock.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with victory over Connacht at Kingspan Stadium.
KCCA coach Tshwane Mosimane says his side must "fight for it" after they were knocked out of the African Champions League in the first leg of their second qualifying round tie.
A 19th Century tin mine in Cornwall is to be restored following the TV series Poldark.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused Texas Senator Ted Cruz of "losing the Iowa caucuses".
Jazz Carlin says she has been helped by a sports psychologist after winning two gold medals at the Rio Olympics.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a two-year deal.
When David Cameron was elected prime minister in 2010, there was no shortage of good impressionists on the benches.
A letter written by one of the most highly regarded writers of the 20th Century, George Lewis, has been sold at auction for £1,500.
The first of Loganair's fleet of aircraft has been refurbished.
A six-year-old girl who was taken to hospital after her family gave a false name has been found safe and well, police have said.
Volkswagen, the German carmaker at the centre of the emissions scandal, has postponed its annual results due in March and April.
Thousands of supporters of a separatist movement in the Darjeeling hills in north-eastern India have gone on strike in a dispute over a separate state.
Norwich City striker Danny Tettey says he is "happy" to have scored Yaya Toure's first goal for the club.
Great Britain's women secured their place at the Rio Olympics with a 3-3 win over New Zealand in the final of the Women's Hockey World League.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced that its secretary general, El Amrani, is to step down.
Police have appealed for help to trace a man who has been missing from a hospital in Cardiff.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new Test captain after Michael Clarke announced his retirement from international cricket.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Partick Thistle.
A drink-driver who passed out in the middle of a road has been banned from driving for 18 months and given a community order.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Birmingham City midfielder James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, Labour MP David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a draw at home to Guiseley.
Preston North End have signed former Aston Villa midfielder Tom Robinson and Ipswich midfielder Ryan Pringle on two-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take into account any incidents of public disorder and anti-social behaviour at the Orange Order parade.
Scientists in the UK are to carry out gene editing experiments in human embryos.
Australia beat India by seven wickets in the third one-day international in Manuka to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at the challenges facing the NHS in England.
The former head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would have to offer his resignation if the Vatican did not take his case.
The families of two men who died in a crash have paid tribute to them.
A suspicious vehicle has been found on a road in Glasgow city centre.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since records began in 1971, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year.
Iraqi Kurdish fighters have been accused of using chemical weapons against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq.
A man has been rescued from a sinking car in a reservoir.
People can now check the quality of care at care homes in England for the first time.
A software programme that uses artificial intelligence to make investment decisions has been developed by the University of Sheffield.
Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay $10m (Â£6m) in damages to a woman who died after using talcum powder.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in Italy.
Substitute Adebayo Akinfenwa scored a late winner as Wycombe came from behind to draw at Morecambe.
An 86-year-old woman has been hit over the head with bacon by a shoplifter in Greater Manchester.
A County Antrim hurling club has been backed to win the All-Ireland club hurling title for the first time in their history.
A man and a woman have denied murdering their six-year-old daughter on a bus.
A Danish container ship has been seized in Iranian waters, the Danish shipping company Maersk says.
Chelsea's Pedro has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a head injury in their Champions League win over China.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has retained the Cardiff South and Penarth seat in the Welsh Parliament.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest march against plans for two wind farms in Lincolnshire.
President Barack Obama is expected to sign the Paris climate agreement on Wednesday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife's body was found in a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy has boosted referrals to genetic testing centres, a study suggests.
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent cardiology appointment at the Ulster Hospital has risen by more than a third in the past year.
A man has been seriously injured after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a shop in north Belfast.
Natalie Stevens is sitting in her flat in the Spanish town of Benavista in the north of the country.
Vanish bottles of detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach, conservationists have said.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed striker Katie Heatherson on a two-year deal.
An 18-year-old man has been released on bail after being arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit hate crime.
A council mayor has resigned after being accused of "misled" councillors over a £156,000 contract awarded to a fitness company.
Shares in Premier Oil have risen by more than 90% after the company agreed to sell its North Sea assets to E.On.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the League of Ireland table as they beat Ballymena United 2-1.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after she shot at the tyres of a car during a robbery in Michigan.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough eased to victory at Bristol Rovers.
A Pembrokeshire bus company is being put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Dundee United have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jose Etxabeguren on a two-year deal.
Smog has blanketed parts of the eastern Indian city of Mumbai.
Fernando Fernandez was born and raised in Cuba but grew up in the United States.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 10 tribesmen in clashes in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada plane has made an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport.
Three brothers from Rotherham have been jailed for life for a string of sex offences against women in their teenage years.
The UK's fishing industry faces "many trade-offs" if it leaves the European Union, according to a House of Lords review.
David Cameron urged Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
What do we know about the threat posed by terrorism?
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw defender Krystian Bielik on a season-long loan deal.
Rescuers in Colombia are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide in the north-eastern city of Medellin.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the London Bridge terror attack on Sunday, police have said.
Uefa has sacked Spanish football federation president Alejandro Villar after he was arrested in Spain on suspicion of corruption.
Concerns have been raised that a ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could lead to the closure of zoos in Scotland.
A man who stabbed a healthcare assistant to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for eight years.
German prosecutors have sentenced a man to death for his alleged role in the murder of Syrian government workers.
Ross Wallace scored his first goal for Sheffield Wednesday as they beat Huddersfield Town at Hillsborough.
A French company has been accused of leaking fuel additive Baysilone into a faulty breast implant, according to French newspaper RTL.
A Labour Welsh government would deliver "jobs for our young people" and not leave a generation behind, the party's leader has said.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history.
Five councillors were spotted nodding off during a Commons Select Committee debate on children's services.
Italy's Francesco Molinari won the Scottish Open by one shot after a play-off victory over England's Paul Dunne.
A record number of black-tailed godwits have been spotted on Tiree, according to birdwatchers.
China's foreign ministry has dismissed comments by the US secretary of state that would set a course for "disastrous confrontation" with the country.
A large cat has been spotted in the French countryside after a fresh hunt for it was called off by police.
Five people have been arrested in the UK in connection with a growing cybercrime threat, the National Crime Agency has said.
The chairman of Fifa's reform taskforce has denied he was prepared to lead an independent review of the world football governing body.
A children's book adapted for the big screen has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award.
Plans to cut services at Eastbourne Hospital have been described as "massive implications" for children who are long-term disabled.
Guinea's capital, Conakry, is to be declared free of Ebola on Saturday, the first time the disease has been declared in the country.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A £1m grant has been secured to save a 16th Century painting from being put up for sale.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 87.
A pilot and a tanker driver have been injured after their light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Mark McCall has described the pitch invasion by Millwall fans as "nonsense".
Talks on the Scottish government's fiscal framework have been postponed until next month.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former army general Ibrahim Dasuki has been arrested on suspicion of fraud in connection with an arms deal, the anti-corruption agency says.
Georgia director of rugby Steve Haig says the country has outgrown the European Nations Championship.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the Hausa film industry after she appeared in a viral video.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli founding father Shimon Peres has died at the age of 83.
A piece of art is to be created to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of a Scottish poet.
In the centre of Timbuktu, a group of young men and women are enjoying the freedom of the city.
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Gwynedd.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after an 11-year-old girl was seriously injured in a "purdah" attack.
If you want to know what it is like to live in a desert, look no further.
Police Scotland has said it does not yet know the full extent of the scale of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors of memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand", a former Metropolitan Police chief has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics after failing to qualify for the finals.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Toyota have fallen more than 5% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data.
Britain has returned to the Libyan capital, Tripoli, for the first time since 2011.
George Clooney wants to install CCTV cameras at his home in Sonning Eye in Oxfordshire.
The general election is coming up on 8 May, and we want to know what you think about it.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "slow, complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new contract with the national team.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the second one-day international to win the ICC World Twenty20.
Lille midfielder Yannick Bissouma has signed a new contract with the Ligue 1 club.
Thousands of people have been celebrating the Hindu festival of Diwali in Leicester.
South Africa's Bloemfontein anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
A lifeboat crew member has resigned from the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
India captain Virat Kohli will face Pakistan in Sunday's one-day international final at the All-India Stadium in Mumbai.
A vicar has been cleared of sexually abusing a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes by the Wood Group and the RMT unions in the North Sea have ended without agreement.
Essex's bowlers struggled on day two against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A taxi driver who posed as a bomb to rob a bank has been found guilty of assault and robbery.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accepted a peerage from the House of Lords for his opposition to anti-Semitism.
The first time I met the founder of Bitcoin, Craig Wright, I was a bit nervous.
A teenager has been charged with perverting the course of justice after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Manchester.
Plans to downgrade maternity services in Wrexham and Bangor have been launched following a legal challenge.
North Korea is believed to have been behind a massive cyber-attack on the UK's NHS in May 2017, according to a British intelligence assessment.
A new team of estate agents has been set up by Powys council to deal with complaints about the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Laura Trott considers her relationship with her boyfriend.
Photographs of at least 6,786 people who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to military hospitals in Syria are authentic, Human Rights Watch says.
A senior Sinn Féin MP has said he is "confused" by the decision by the UK secretary of state to take his seat at the McKenna Cup final.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a Sudanese club after a player was hit on the head by a referee.
There is a sign on the side of the road in the US state of Ohio.
Gaia Vince has won the prestigious Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Thailand's capital, Bangkok, calling for a two-year period without elections.
A man has been charged after a woman was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash.
The UK government has said it will continue to explore the feasibility of devolving Air Passenger Duty (APD) to Scotland and Wales.
Robin McBryde has been appointed Wales head coach for the summer tour of New Zealand.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of a medieval monastery in Iraq.
Ex-servicemen and women are at no greater risk of suicide than the general public, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million older people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
James Anderson has dismissed Geoffrey Boycott's criticism of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan.
One of Scotland's most famous landmarks has finally been saved from demolition.
Mae gogledd Cymru wedi ddenu ymwelwyr i Gymru yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliadau ar draws y byd.
Health care in the home is not "joined-up" with the NHS, Labour and UKIP candidates have said.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined by the UK's competition watchdog for allegedly stifling competition.
The founder of one of the world's most successful football clubs is to be honoured with a plaque in his honour.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Cornwall.
The US Secret Service has said it is investigating after a man was found armed with a gun in a lift at the White House.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yn golygu na fydd faniau yn gallu dod a chydrannau ceir i'w garej Bryn Eira.
Burmese President Thein Sein has sacked the speaker of the country's main opposition party, the BBC understands.
The Hunting Act is "inadequate" and should be strengthened, a campaign group has said.
US House Speaker John Boehner has come a long way since he announced his resignation last week.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been visiting Silicon Valley for more than a decade.
Sports Direct has reported a fall in half-year profits, partly due to a "significant deterioration" in exchange rates.
Canadian officials are trying to repatriate two Canadians who were detained in Beijing, China.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said it will support Libya's unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's main opposition Popular Party (PP) has arrived in Barcelona to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said "substantial progress" has been made between his country and Bangladesh after talks in the capital, Delhi.
A former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a fellow officer in the 1970s.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists who stripped and urinated on a sacred peak in Malaysia have been sentenced to jail terms.
Finding Dory has dropped out of the top 10 at the UK box office.
The number of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in any other EU country, a study suggests.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended amid an investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the World Para Taekwondo Championships in 2017 and 2018 has been announced.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Mae'r ffrwd Gymraeg yn yr ysgol yn y blynyddoedd diwethaf yng Nghymru, yn ôl y cyngor yn dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio trwy gyfrwng yn Ysgol Gynradd y Bannau.
Welshman Mark Williams has been knocked out of the World Championship after failing to qualify for the first round.
Two people have been charged after a protest at London's Heathrow Airport turned violent, police have said.
Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked as White House communications director.
Charlton Athletic have released four players, including striker Asamoah Ghoochannejhad and defender Motta, following their relegation from League One.
A police officer has been jailed for "corrosive" behaviour after being found guilty of sexually exploiting vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac have been named as the headline act of the 2015 Isle of Wight Festival.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave Russia for now, his lawyer has said.
Former Norwich City manager Paul Money has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned Israel that its military freedom of action in Syria is at risk.
A kayaker has gone missing after his father's boat capsized in a river in Surrey.
A fountain commemorating parachutists who parachuted into a Nazi concentration camp during World War Two is in need of restoration.
A charity has raised more than £30m to fund a year of cultural events in Hull.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has been suspended from his duties after being found guilty of the Hillsborough disaster.
Austria has said it will limit the number of migrants seeking asylum in the country, in response to the migrant crisis.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts in the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17.
A child abuser who was jailed for six years for sexually abusing a boy was not suitable for a foster carer, a report has said.
A six-year-old girl who was treated for leukaemia in the US has been given a bone marrow transplant.
Fossils of the earliest pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Plans for a £22m beach recharge in Gloucestershire have been described as "garbage" by a councillor.
Antonio Conte's first Premier League game in charge of Chelsea ended in a dramatic draw with Tottenham at Stamford Bridge.
Great Britain's Liam Burnell secured his first victory of the season with victory in the 200m freestyle at the London Marathon.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been elected as the new speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, with Martin McGuinness saying it was a "big and bold move".
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson and Plymouth midfielder Ryan Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during their FA Cup quarter-final.
Three women have been arrested after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool.
Emma Croker will make her first start for England in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday night.
Woodlands near Loch Ness could be the source of the Loch Ness Monster, according to a conservation group.
The UK economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed because of a waterlogged bridge.
Police in Mauritius have seized heroin and a gram of cocaine from the country's national football team.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Australian Grand Prix.
Damien Hirst's autobiography is to be published next year, the artist has announced.
Aberdeen manager Derek Milne has said the club is in a "fair position" after plans for a new stadium were rejected.
Two dogs who were killed in a crash in Snowdonia have been moved to a new home.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a four-year-old girl was killed in a crash.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Former Arsenal and Liverpool midfielder N'Golo Kante has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A north Belfast gym is to reopen to the public after it was forced to close earlier this year.
Raffaele Morricone has said he was "very flattered" to work with Quentin Tarantino on a new film.
Oscar Dasaolu secured his place in the Great Britain's 200m relay team for the Rio Olympics with a comfortable victory at the British Championships in London.
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report.
Up to 100 jobs are to be created at a former Sanofi plant in Newcastle.
Leicester Lions have appointed promoter David Bates as their new promoter.
A teenager has died after being stabbed at a works in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl has been remanded in custody at Belfast Children's Hospital.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man have renewed their appeal for information a year after his death.
The way the UK Border Agency handled the deportation of people from the UK has become "too cosy", MPs have said.
Scientists are investigating the role that proteins play in the development of breast cancer.
Aids patients in the UK and around the world will be able to start antiretroviral treatment sooner rather than later, a study has shown.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player Ryan McAllister on a two-year deal.
Farmers in Oxfordshire are to be allowed to maintain their own ditches up to 1.5km in length from April in a bid to reduce the risk of flooding.
A British man has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man for the second time in three years.
More than 5,000 holidaymakers in the UK have been scammed in the past five years, according to a new report.
Ofsted inspectors have found that pupils were not allowed to attend a meeting at a private Muslim and Christian school because of a lack of respect for women.
Worcestershire have re-signed Worcester all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast.
West Ham Ladies have signed a two-year deal with the Women's Super League One club to ensure the club's long-term future is secure.
A "diversity crisis" is being caused by a lack of arts education in schools, a Labour inquiry has said.
Southampton came from behind to beat Crystal Palace and reach the EFL Cup quarter-finals.
Leyton Orient manager Michael O'Leary has been awarded £1m by Fifa after his employment claim was rejected by Al Ahli.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and former Sun chief executive Karen Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept phone calls.
A total of 26 athletes have been charged with doping offences in Italy.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her car on fire has been jailed for four years.
A Mexican footballer who was kidnapped while on holiday in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas has been freed, police say.
Leicester City dropped to the bottom of the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Bournemouth.
The French Football Federation has lodged an appeal against the suspension of Michel Platini from football's world governing body Fifa.
The UK-based airline Monarch has said it is operating as normal and expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year.
Plans to merge the Cotswolds with Oxfordshire could "signal the end" of Gloucestershire Police, the county's police and crime commissioner has said.
A council has said it will cut 1,400 jobs and increase council tax in a bid to save £134m.
Goldman Sachs is to stop conducting second-round interviews with college students as part of a bid to recruit the next chief executive.
Liverpool moved up to second in the Premier League with a comfortable win over Leicester.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over La Rochelle.
A couple have become the first in the world to marry in a Pastafarian church.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged seven people in connection with the Yahoo data breach, including Russian hacker Alexander Baratov.
The Football Supporters Federation (FSF) has called for clubs to help prevent the illegal resale of football tickets.
A massive email dump has been released by the Ashley Madison social networking website, the BBC has learned.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2034, according to official figures.
Conor Thomas' late goal earned Swindon a 1-0 win over Millwall in League One.
A charity has launched a national appeal for information about a man who has been missing for a month.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at the challenges of delivering wind turbine parts.
Artificial intelligence has been trained to spot the most common types of skin cancer, according to a study in the journal Nature.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's Premier League match against Tottenham.
Former England footballer Chris Carlisle has been banned from driving for life after failing to give a breath sample.
A Somerset road has reopened after being closed for more than a week for the removal of flood pumps.
A 10-month-old baby giraffe has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the RSPCA.
US actress Rosie O'Donnell has been diagnosed with a heart attack.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the end of World War Two.
The funeral of a man who died after being knocked out in a boxing match has taken place.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of dozens of people who died in a landslide in the southern Italian town of Salgar.
Venezuela and Venezuela are on the brink of civil war.
A light above the Houses of Parliament in London is to be turned off for four years, the BBC understands.
Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says his side deserved to beat Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
A fox hunter has told a court he was present when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hounds at a hunt in West Lothian.
A conman who stole more than £100,000 from a Cardiff car parts company has been ordered to pay back £115,000 to his ex-employers.
Russia's agriculture minister has told the BBC that a ban on the import of wine from the European Union is being extended.
A British man arrested in India on suspicion of weapons offences has had his case heard by the country's Supreme Court.
There are "too few nurses" in Scotland, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
A man accused of murdering his five-year-old son was punched in the stomach by his mother, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver has said he was "conscious" that he was diving on a war grave when his ship sank in the Falklands.
Two tidal energy sites off Anglesey have been approved for sub-letting to developers.
AP McCoy has ended his 20-year career as champion jockey at Cheltenham Festival.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who suffer delays of more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spy agency bugged her phone are "grave".
Swansea City's Under-21s won the FA Youth Cup for the first time in their history on Sunday.
Plans to turn part of a road into a dual carriageway near Stonehenge are "not an improvement worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Labour leadership hopeful Andy Burnham has said he has an "outside but realistic chance" of winning the contest, after the final ballot papers were counted.
The prime minister has said there are no plans to cut the top rate of tax for people earning over £150,000.
The Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the world's most persecuted ethnic groups.
In the past, inheritance tax (ITT) was a relatively minor issue.
Alliance Trust Savings, the Dundee-based savings provider, has been sold to Brewin Dolphin.
The BBC is to launch 40 new languages as part of its plans to reach 500m people by 2022.
A bus driver has been found guilty of fraud which could have cost more than £1m.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning at his wedding.
Children who play with touchscreens on a daily basis are more likely to sleep less than those who do not, a study suggests.
Plymouth Argyle have signed fly-half Laurence Pope, back-row pair Liam May and prop Liam Moyle on two-year deals.
Two teenagers have died in a crash involving two cars in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are to be required to stream their public meetings online, the Welsh Government has said.
Ben Beale scored two tries as Wasps beat Bath to cement their place in the Premiership's top four.
Nikki is one of the UK's most popular social media stars.
Footballer Paul Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with driving while a baby was in the arms of a passenger.
Somalia's government has released a video purportedly showing a passenger on board a plane that was bombed by al-Shabab militants in December.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Mauricio Macri looks at what he has learned in the first few days of his presidency.
The mother of a man who was stabbed 39 times in a "ferocious" attack has told a court she feared for his life.
More than £300,000 has been raised for the restoration of a Grade II-listed pier in Northamptonshire.
Microsoft has admitted it searched the accounts of a blogger who posted screenshots of the unreleased Windows 8 operating system to his blog.
Arriva Trains Wales has told Network Rail it will take 28 years to get the Welsh network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man has died in hospital following a crash in County Antrim.
A South African university has removed a statue of Cecil Rhodes from its campus after a student campaign.
Newport County chief executive Gareth Davies says the club's owner Graham Westley should focus on preparing his side for Saturday's Premiership game at Rodney Parade.
Wales has missed out on a grade of A*-C in the GCSE results for the second year in a row.
East Midlands Airport is one of the busiest airports in the UK.
British fugitives are being sought in Spain as part of a major investigation into crime in the country.
Former world number one Andy Murray has apologised to Andy Murray after the Scot was caught on camera swearing at him during the Australian Open.
The States of Jersey has warned people not to disturb the coral reefs off the coast of France.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been criticised by the government.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed Cambridge United defender Mark Roberts for an undisclosed fee.
A body has been found in the River Taff in Cumbria.
A man has been arrested after a three-week-old baby boy was killed by his family's dog in Newcastle.
A man has been refused bail after his dog chewed at his ankle tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk.
Sir Vince Cable has said he is "encouraged" by the government's decision to buy Tata Steel.
A horse-drawn driver has said he will be staying in a McDonald's car park for six days after being refused a drive-thru service.
Gary Neville's first game in charge of Valencia ended in a goalless draw as Jony Sanabria's first goal for the club was enough to earn a draw.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet is more likely to lose weight than a low-carb diet, say US scientists.
A prison criticised for its high levels of violence has been told it faces "substantial safety concerns".
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the British Athletics team for the European Indoor Championships.
Ed Miliband has said he will never privatise the NHS in Wales if he wins the general election.
Some health boards in Scotland are spending more than £3.20 a day on meals and snacks, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in revenues and profits for the three months to 26 December.
A court in London has begun hearing evidence against London-based trader David Sarao, who is accused of causing a "flash crash" in the US stock market.
Great Britain have reached the semi-finals of the men's singles at the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Australia's foreign ministry has ordered an investigation into the pat-down of Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney International Airport.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum exploded in Londonderry.
A former police officer who lied about his qualifications and judgements in hundreds of cases has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder David van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
Firefighters in California are battling a major wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes and forced the evacuation of hundreds of people.
Edinburgh-based gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has secured £1m in funding to expand its operations in the city.
Royal Bank of Scotland has released a new £5 note featuring the Forth Bridge and the Titan Crane.
Middlesbrough's Championship play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich Town.
When Chand was a teenager, she was already one of the most exciting athletes in the world.
Irish police have seized cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m in the Republic of Ireland.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of a "crazy attempt" to create conditions for its relations with Israel.
A petition calling for Cardiff Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales is to be considered by the assembly.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder after a woman was found dead in a field in Hampshire.
Brian Cookson says he is "not trying to dodge any of his responsibility" for the culture of British Cycling.
The BBC Scotland election debate will be broadcast live on BBC One later this month.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has said France is "finished" after a "revolution".
The cost of weddings and funeral services in the Church of England has been raised.
The families of two soldiers who died in World War One have been reunited with their loved ones at a ceremony in Belgium.
Mae feddygon teulu yn amau sydd â chanser ond ddim yn dangos unrhyw arwyddion neu symptomau brys.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau yn y dyfodol.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will sell land at 13 military sites across the UK to build new homes.
Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Wycombe Wanderers.
Middlesex batsman Dawid Malan hit a career-best 46 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Taunton.
A chameleon has been found abandoned in a park in Carmarthenshire.
A new campsite layout for this year's T in the Park music festival has been unveiled by the festival's promoter.
The search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has received two acoustic pulses from China's Haixan 01, Australian officials say.
It's not every day you play a video game.
A look back at some of the best entertainment stories of the past week.
Tributes have been paid to a 42-year-old man who died in a car crash in the Highlands.
Liverpool have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson for an undisclosed fee.
Birmingham City have signed Chelsea striker Michael Vaughan for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
A football club is set to be the subject of a film.
When India hosted the first World Cup in 1958, it was hailed as a historic moment for the country's football industry.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City's comeback win over Aston Villa was "fantastic" for the team.
Mick Fanning has been knocked out of the World Surf League Pipeline Masters in Hawaii after the death of his brother, Peter.
Germany's Dylan Groenewegen won the second stage of the Tour de Yorkshire with victory on stage one.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in the world.
A man has been arrested after a gun was found in a block of flats in north London.
At the Fifa Congress in Zurich this week, delegates from the Palestinian Football Association (PFA) and the Israeli Football Federation (RFF) are expected to discuss their concerns about corruption at the world football governing body.
Plans to redevelop Euston railway station have been described as "the worst of the lot" by an MP.
A new plan for student accommodation in Belfast has been submitted to the city council.
The UK film industry spent an all-time high on production in 2014, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms is to host a series of concerts to encourage primary school pupils to create their own works.
Jazz Mitchell-Blake has become the first British man to run under 20 seconds at an Olympic Games.
Guinea's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup were dealt a blow as they lost 1-0 to Argentina in their last-16 Group A match.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of knifepoint attacks on motorcyclists and mopeds have been jailed.
Dundee United's owner has confirmed that he is planning to buy land near the club's Dens Park stadium.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win a Grand Slam title for 23 years with victory over her sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders has been named best TV drama at the Tric Awards.
Plans for major infrastructure projects in Glasgow and the Clyde Valley have been unveiled by the Scottish government.
The Green Party has pledged to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery in Wales.
Plans to improve a park in Blaby, Kent, have been unveiled by the owners of Crown Estates.
Scotland captain Graeme Coetzer says his side's historic eight-wicket win over Afghanistan in the first of two one-day internationals in Edinburgh on Monday is crucial.
A house once owned by The Beatles singer George Harrison has sold at auction for £250,000.
A World War One medal has been found in a field in Pembrokeshire.
The family of a man who died 23 years ago have been told their body parts could remain unaccounted for for more than a decade.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann says the club are "devastated" by the extent of the midfielder's broken leg.
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply in early trade on Wednesday as investors reacted to a slew of new share offerings due next week.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its offer to sign Scarlets scrum-half Scott Williams.
A crane has been installed at a prison after drugs were thrown over the roof of a building.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-offenders in England and Wales have found a new way to help them find work.
Police in the Mexican state of Morelos have exhumed the remains of more than 30,000 people who have gone missing.
Plants and animals are at greater risk of extinction as a result of climate change, a study suggests.
Plans for a new M4 motorway in the Vale of Glamorgan have been rejected by the environment regulator.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast.
The prime minister has written to the head of the Grenfell Tower inquiry to ask how far it will investigate the cause of the fire.
A German intelligence worker has been arrested in Berlin on suspicion of spying on an ally of the US, reports say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's production of Matilda has been cancelled after the actress was unable to sing the lyrics from the second half of the show.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) has criticised private parking companies in Scotland for failing to respond properly to complaints.
Labour has retained control of Cardiff North and Pontypridd in the assembly election.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, according to official results.
Is the decision by the Opec oil producers group to cut production a sign that the price of oil is stabilising?
Argentina striker Mehmedi says he is not worried about Lionel Messi ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Switzerland.
David Cameron has never been to the Vale of Glamorgan before.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a knife attack at a military base in Aberdeenshire.
Bristol City have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb and Shrewsbury defender Liam McAllister on loan until January.
India's information ministry has refused permission for a documentary about caste in the meat industry to be shown at the Tata Film Festival in Mumbai.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found a new type of flooring at the site of one of Judaism's holiest sites.
British salmon exports rose by more than a third in the first half of the year, according to a trade body.
Oxford United will host Scunthorpe United in the first round of the FA Cup.
A Londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young people are more likely to fall victim to identity theft than older people, a survey suggests.
The death of a 31-year-old man in Glasgow is being treated as murder, police have said.
The number of people arrested in connection with dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland has risen to more than 1,000.
A teenager has admitted hacking the social networking site Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were found dead in Oxfordshire has taken place.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on 8 May to choose their preferred party to represent their constituencies.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Alamo to the city of Houston.
Wakefield Tigers secured their first Super League win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Castleford.
Mixu Paatelainen says Dundee United have "given themselves a chance" of avoiding relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A "huge" iguana has been perched on a tree in Suffolk for three months.
It's one of the biggest music awards in the world, and it's taking place in London this weekend.
The European Space Agency's flagship space astrometry mission has arrived in Stevenage.
Uber has been accused of being sexist after a female engineer claimed she was sexually harassed at work.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David De Gea to Real Madrid on time.
A ban on laptops and tablets in the cabin of planes from the Middle East is coming.
Belgian Prime Minister Michel has said security at Brussels airport was strengthened well before the deadly attacks last week, after the discovery of files on the prime minister's building and office.
A Chinese fruit-seller has been beaten to death by the city's chengguan police force, state media report.
Ajax midfielder Middag has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Champions League club.
Robin van Persie has been discharged from hospital after suffering a blow to the eye in Fenerbahce's first game of the season.
Danny Hylton's late header earned Exeter a draw at Luton.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album, titled Untitled Unmastered, on the same day as his hit To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people have been taking part in this year's Winter Wonderland in the Czech Republic.
Manchester City Council is to give some of its senior staff a pay rise of up to 20%.
Canadian MPs have voted to change the lyrics to O Canada, the country's national anthem.
A former US gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial accused of sexually abusing children under the age of 13.
A woman who was jailed for life for plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is to be honoured with a blue plaque in Derby.
A father and son have been killed in a whale-watching boat accident off the coast of Tofino, Canada.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major after winning the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale.
Tottenham midfielder Adama Bentaleb has joined German side Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death in front of their two young children has been jailed for life.
Tony Andreu missed the penalty as Dundee United and Raith Rovers played out a goalless draw in the Scottish Championship.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
The owner of Argos has reported a fall in sales as demand for furniture and sports goods offset a bid from Sainsbury's.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Stevenson looks at the "supply-side" of an uprising.
Vanessa Bell Armstrong is one of the most well-known back-up singers in the world.
More than 1,000 cyclists have taken part in one of the UK's biggest cycling events.
A woman has been shot dead in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, police say.
A man has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a police officer by dangerous driving.
A man has died after being rescued from the sea off the Isle of Man.
A woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend said she feared he was stalking her, a court has heard.
A collection of prams from a Nottingham family business has sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by seven wickets to win the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
A five-year-old boy has been investigated by police for sexting.
A man has been jailed for five years for making bomb threats to Bristol Airport.
England set up a possible four-day finish to the first Test against Australia in Cardiff.
Super League side Newcastle Giants have extended the contract of forward Tonga Ta'ai until the end of the 2018 season.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled bigger battery packs for their latest smartphones.
Processed meat is the most dangerous form of meat, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
Train conductors on Southern rail are to stage two days of strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions.
A new paramilitary group has said it was formed in the wake of the murder of prison officer John Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's EU citizens' rights offer to leave the bloc is a "good start".
Kim Sung-yueng birdied the final hole to win the Women's LPGA Classic by one shot over American Charley Hull and Ciganda Ciganda.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against a far-right political party after a photo of her with her boyfriend was featured on a leaflet on a school leaflet.
Shauna Coxsey has become the first British woman to win the World Sport Climbing Championships.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest dairy food company, has agreed to sell its dairies business to a German firm.
UK consumers are "skinting" as they struggle to keep pace with shop prices, according to Visa.
A wheelchair user has said he was left "horrified" after being stuck in a train door.
A fountain used to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne has been filled up again by Welwyn Garden City Council.
On Tuesday, British astronaut Tim Peake will take to the skies for the first time in more than a decade.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found shot in the leg in Lincolnshire.
Jenson Button won his 100th Grand Prix as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel took the lead from McLaren's Fernando Alonso.
At least 19 people have been killed in heavy rain in Japan, officials say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at the rise of companion apps.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage players Ben Davies and Callum Waddington.
The number of newborn seals at a Norfolk nature reserve has reached a record high, a ranger has said.
The number of gibbons in China has almost halved in the past 150 years, according to new research.
MPs have rejected a bid by the SNP and Plaid Cymru to delay a rise in the VAT rate.
The threat to the Welsh economy lies far deeper than steel, Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has announced plans to build 1,000 new homes in the eastern edge of the city centre.
Liverpool's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Chelsea on Saturday will be a huge test for the Reds.
Laura Waters won the British Squash Championship for the first time in her career with victory over Jamie Waters in Manchester.
Jeremy Corbyn is a man who has a reputation for tolerating anti-Semitism.
The studio behind the hit animated film Frozen is to release a sequel, the company has announced.
The Women's FA Cup final at Wembley will be played in front of a record crowd of 32,912, organisers have announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Bolton Wanderers and move up to second in the Championship.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit a career-best century as his side took control against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
Britain's Adam Rutherford won the men's 10,000m at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Dog poo is on the rise on UK beaches, according to the Marine Conservation Society.
Chelsea captain John Terry has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the 1-1 draw with Everton.
Four members of an international organised crime gang have been found guilty of stealing artefacts worth up to £79m in a series of raids in England and Wales.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what's going on in Africa.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most important organisations.
A football fan has raised more than £53,000 for a hospice after swimming the English Channel.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side's FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal showed they have a "losing mentality".
Gregor Townsend says Glasgow were not good enough to beat Edinburgh in the 1872 Cup final at Scotstoun.
One of the world's most famous shipyards has died at the age of 90.
A woman was stabbed in the face by her ex-boyfriend in a revenge porn attack, a court has heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be included in England's squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Lithuania and Italy, says former striker Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Australian Open with a 6-4 6-3 win over Canada's Vasek Pospisil.
The designer of the Etch A Sketch toy has died at the age of 90.
The government is to sell off its stake in a green investment bank, it has been announced.
A solar-powered mobile phone box has been unveiled in central London.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its second recall of its Galaxy Note 7 phones.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to historical child sex abuse.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has captured its final image of Mars.
A Labour MP has criticised a health board for failing to provide evidence to back up her claims that a man died in hospital.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
The government has asked the education secretary to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools which are operating in unsafe accommodation.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to reject new proposals for the city's City Garden Project.
The life of a Royal Navy submarine commander is to be commemorated at the home where he grew up.
Lionel Messi has rejected a request by prosecutors in Spain to drop tax fraud charges against the footballer.
Rangers will face Scottish Premiership leaders Hibernian in the quarter-finals of the Scottish League Cup.
A GP surgery group is considering cutting gluten-free prescriptions and cutting gluten free foods in a bid to save money.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would personally serve under Donald Trump if asked by the president-elect.
"I have no time to go to temples," says Zhi Hsiao, a volunteer at a recycling centre in Taipei.
A garden has opened at the Noah's Ark children's hospital in Carmarthenshire.
More than half of new mothers in Wales are planning to breastfeed when they become parents in future, a survey has suggested.
An Australian woman who travelled to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group has pleaded guilty to supporting terrorism.
The European Union is to set up a common list of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic defender Joe Ambrose has joined Blackburn Rovers on loan until the end of the season.
Arctic terns have been attacked by walkers with sticks and stones in Dumfries and Galloway.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Monday, boosted by a rise in Bank of America shares.
Sir Philip Green has said he is in talks with the pensions regulator to find a solution to the pension crisis at BHS.
Glasgow Warriors second row Leone Nakarawa will leave the club at the end of the season to join Edinburgh.
New Zealand off-spinner Axar Patel has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is expected to rise by two thirds in 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders has written to the prime minister urging him to reopen the defence review into the evacuation of civilians from Libya.
Scientists say they have found a new place to live on Earth.
Researchers have found that people prefer quiet, solo thinking than to have nothing other than their thoughts.
A 10-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in south-east London.
A species of spider that uses silk to control its movements has been discovered by Taiwanese scientists.
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of two of their players, Tom Horstmann and Alex Salvi, until the end of the season.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he is "delighted" by the club's takeover by Francesco Becchetti.
It's the opening weekend of the new Premier League season, but who made the most of it?
The fallout from the so-called "bedroom tax" makes the front page of the Daily Telegraph.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's biggest pizza chain, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits in 2015, helped by a surge in e-commerce sales.
National League side Leyton Orient have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a two-year deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in a bomb attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, officials say.
Northern Ireland's First Minister Jim Murphy has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is "not a party for the faint-hearted".
When President Barack Obama arrived at the African Union (AU) in Nairobi, he was greeted by a huge crowd.
Former Northern Ireland road racing champion David Farquhar has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious injuries in a crash at the North West 200.
The number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales has risen, according to new figures.
Tiger Woods has said he is receiving professional help to manage his back pain and a sleep disorder.
The Syrian government and the opposition have agreed a cessation of hostilities in the city of Aleppo.
Manchester City and Arsenal will be drawn against each other in the draw for the Europa League last 32.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house in which 11 people were living.
French President Francois Hollande has come under fire for proposing to strip convicted terrorists of their French nationality.
The Green Party has said it will work with health companies to provide free sanitary products to children in England and Wales.
A cash machine has been stolen during a robbery at a pharmacy in Cumbernauld.
The Co-op Insurance has been ordered to provide two separate quotations for no claims bonus insurance, after it missed a deadline to do so.
Prosecutors in South Africa have been granted permission to appeal against the conviction of athlete Oscar Pistorius of premeditated murder.
Russia's foreign minister has said the US has "more and more reasons to believe" it is not able or not willing to change the Syrian regime.
Thousands of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry to raise money for charity.
China's communist leaders have banned a documentary critical of the state's handling of air pollution, the BBC has learned.
A man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a gang at a house in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard's late winner earned Dagenham a 2-1 win over Bromley in the National League.
The number of children being sexually exploited in England and Wales is likely to be higher than previously thought, says a report.
Crawford Gillies has been appointed as the new chairmanship of Scottish distiller Edrington.
(Close): The pound strengthened against the dollar on Monday, helping to lift the FTSE 100 index.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio message from their new leader, in which a baby is heard crying.
Worcestershire opened their County Championship campaign with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan at Edgbaston.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a lorry driver who failed to stop for a red light, a court has heard.
Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man who went missing during a triathlon event has been found dead.
Barcelona have paid a tax bill of 13,550,830.56 euros for the signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's top investor in clean energy, according to new data.
A temporary footbridge is to be installed in a North Yorkshire town after a £3m deal was reached with the county council.
A football club that has been in exile in Coventry for more than a decade has returned to Scarborough.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 stun guns from China disguised as torches.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has announced he is to step down at the end of the year.
A man has been seriously injured after being found lying on the ground in West Lothian.
A Channel 5 reality TV star has been trending on social media after comments about his tanning tips were made about him.
Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson has been accused of lying about his childhood indiscretions.
Nigeria's Football Association (Fifa) has launched an investigation into former Fifa executive committee member Ibrahim Adamu.
African art is one of the most popular forms of entertainment in the world.
Scientists have made some of the most detailed maps yet of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has passed a bill to criminalise the publication of false stories on social media.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho "should have said very little" about the conduct of his assistant Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of the leader of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Meet George, a dog who loves to shop.
An Italian coast guard speedboat has carried out nine rescue operations off the coast of Libya after an attack by armed men on a dinghy carrying migrants, a charity says.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The SNP spent more than £10m on its general election campaign than the Lib Dems, the Electoral Commission has said.
Haven Haven have appointed former St Helens and Saints prop Tom Forster as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President-elect Donald Trump has been accused of lacking understanding of how to win the war in Afghanistan and Syria.
Have you ever wondered what looks like snow?
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pensioner was stabbed to death in Cardiff.
The official design for the World Para Athletics Championships in London has been unveiled.
More than 1,000 shops have been shut down in England and Wales since a ban on the sale and supply of legal highs came into force.
Photographs by Rob Bowes and Prisca Law
Shares in some of the world's biggest online games have been affected by a glitch on Nasdaq.
A man who used his mobile phone to take photographs of women at two Edinburgh railway stations has been jailed for 18 months.
International efforts are under way to phase out one of the world's most destructive greenhouse gases.
Mobile phone operator EE has launched a network of "helikite" balloons that can be used to connect rural areas to the internet.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England is one of the toughest Test matches he has been involved in.
David Cameron has apologised for referring to a London mayoral candidate as an Islamic State sympathiser.
Plans for a wind farm in Skye have been approved by councillors.
The government has said it is "confident" it will win the backing of the devolved administrations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in its Brexit bill.
Ride-sharing firm Uber has said it is losing $1bn (Â£1.3bn) a year in China, according to reports.
Parents whose children went to a children's day camp have been told they will be able to refund their money.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at 160lb after beating Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man has died after a light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airfield in County Fermanagh.
Preston North End legend Sir Tom Finney has died at the age of 83.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Christian Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new chief of the intelligence agency, the ISI, to replace Zaheerul Islam.
The death of a baby boy in Huddersfield was caused by a series of missed chances to provide medical input, an inquest has heard.
The government's draft banking reform bill falls well short of what is required to protect "core" retail banking activities, a watchdog has said.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A British tourist has died after getting into difficulty while snorkelling on a reef in Australia.
A protein in the venom of funnel web spiders has been used to treat stroke, a study suggests.
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) and the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) have been asked for a revised business case for a joint training college.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Aberdeenshire.
A group of blind players gather on the grass in Berbice, on the outskirts of the capital, Georgetown.
Meet Jack Johnson, the 10-year-old boy from Wigan who has a rare form of motor neurone disease.
A woman who was jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a Dumfries businessman has lost an appeal against her conviction.
American swimmer Ryan Lochte has been forced to pull out of a sponsorship deal with fashion brand Speedo.
Hampshire secured their place in the One-Day Cup second round with victory over Durham at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to strengthen their squad for the new season.
A new £46m office development in Belfast Harbour has been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Fourteen-year-old Claire is hoping to become the first person to walk the London Marathon unaided.
California's jails have been criticized by the US justice department for "serious systemic deficiencies" in their handling of mental health issues.
A man in South Yorkshire has been given the green light to try a new species of fruit.
Sebastian Nalbandian has been knocked out of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Chris Froome's team-mate Luke Rowe pulled through to win the Tour de France, says Team Sky boss Dave Brailsford.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a new type of fruit called a papery berry.
Craig Canning believes Pedro Caixinha's style of play will change when he takes charge of Rangers on Saturday.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has carried out its first test flight of a robotic spacecraft.
Plans to redevelop a former high school in County Antrim have been put back by a month.
Former Greek Finance Minister Konstantinos Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a list of HSBC bank account holders.
A hospital has been criticised for buying a blackout blind from a discount online retailer for £22.95.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been jailed for seven years for raping a woman in her own home in south London.
A fertility charity has called for the number of IVF cycles to be extended across Scotland.
Hospitals in England are failing to meet the four-hour A&E waiting time target, according to a report.
Trams have been tested in Manchester as part of a £1bn expansion of the city centre.
The US drugmaker Mylan has announced a generic version of its EpiPen allergy treatment, in response to a sharp rise in the price.
Kell Brook has been ruled out of Saturday's world welterweight title fight with Gennady Golovkin after suffering a fractured eye socket in his defeat.
Bristol City Council has announced it is pulling out of the City of Culture Race in October.
Crystal Palace striker Florian Bolasie has signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Michael Gove has said the UK will be out of the EU's common fisheries policy after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has been placed on a ventilator.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Huddersfield Town's League One game against Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested after a suspected gas explosion at a supermarket.
Police investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in Edinburgh have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Humberside Police's chief constable has called for parents to be allowed to take holidays during the summer.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has accused David Cameron of trying to distract voters from the "big choices" facing the UK at the general election.
American football is one of the most popular sports in the world, with teams from all over the world taking part in the sport.
A man who murdered his six-year-old daughter has been jailed for life for her murder.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat Taunton and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Adelaide Strikers have signed Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram for the 2017 Big Bash competition.
A union has said it would oppose any move of economic statistics from London to Newport by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
At a refugee camp in the Iraqi city of Sinjar, just outside the city of Mosul, a group of women and girls were listening to the story of the so-called Islamic State (IS) massacre.
Michael Clarke hit a century on the opening day of the first Test against England, which was overshadowed by the death of Hughes Hughes.
A door has been left open at a Bristol railway station for the disabled for the first time in more than a year.
Ukraine's postal service Ukrposhta has been hit by a second cyber attack in less than 24 hours.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as Q in Sean Connery's 1962 remake of Thunderball, has died.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the Brexit negotiations are having little impact on the day-to-day business of the business community.
A double-decker bus has been destroyed in a fire at Bishopsgate Junction in south London.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite by more than £2.50, according to reports.
A new building has been unveiled at Glasgow School of Art.
UKIP leader Owen Smith has called on the European Union to respect the will of Scotland.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from international cricket.
High winds have caused major disruption across parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has said it will not raise the milk intervention price for Northern Ireland's farmers.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was disappointed with his side's second-half display as they were held to a goalless draw by Hearts.
A Japanese otter is to be reintroduced to Scotland as part of efforts to reintroduce the species to Japan.
When I first arrived in Bangkok, I had no idea what to expect.
UKIP has apologised for a tweet about the cost of treating British HIV sufferers.
Barcelona striker Dani Alves has left the club by mutual consent.
SpaceX has carried out its first test flight of its Falcon rocket.
UK detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra hit a career-best six-wicket haul as his side were held to a draw by Hampshire.
People living outside Wales may not stand as a candidate in the assembly election unless they are "living in Wales".
If the Conservatives win the general election, they will be under more pressure to show the full cost of their plans.
Former Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season.
A knife has gone missing from a prison, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash has been named by police.
The family of a British man who went missing in Thailand last month have said they are devastated by his death.
Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies have announced they will change their name to 'Women'.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in Surrey.
The death of a British teacher in China was caused by a carbon monoxide leak, an inquest has heard.
MPs have voted to back the Conservatives' plan to allow future governments to run an absolute budget surplus when the economy is growing.
The world's oldest carnival is to return to Leeds for the first time in more than 50 years.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says he feels "like a football player again" after returning from a knee injury.
A US man has been charged with conspiring to kill Americans and to carry out attacks against the US military.
Brighton moved to the top of the Championship table with victory over Ipswich at Portman Road.
A cash machine has been stolen from a shop in Bristol, police have said.
The sister of a junior doctor who went missing off the coast of Devon has said she will never be forgotten.
Ski Scotland has said it is "hopeful" that the Scottish Highlands is heading for a "great season" of skiing and snow boarding.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has told him he is receiving a letter of support from the republican people.
Have you ever wondered what it might look like to house a Cretaceous dinosaur?
Two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby who was found with serious head injuries.
The DUP's Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because it is in the interests of Northern Ireland.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who groomed other underage girls, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors prop Lewis Tierney has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
A parade has taken place in Donegal to mark the Twelfth anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne.
What do you know about the manifestos for the assembly election?
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the club are "a little bit short" on new signings.
Blackpool were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester in League Two.
China is "committing to do something about it", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
The funeral of a police officer who died after a short illness has taken place at Durham Cathedral.
Wales has the highest level of broadband penetration in the UK, according to a report by communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being asked to give their views on a proposed travellers' site in Powys.
Repairs to a church spire damaged by woodpeckers have been completed.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called a phone number for a former prisoner of war, according to a Politico report.
US President Barack Obama has said millions of Americans will be able to sign up for health insurance on the first day of the rollout of his signature healthcare law.
A security alert in Londonderry has ended.
The US government has unveiled new guidelines on how to prevent distracted driving in cars.
A delegation from Northern Ireland and Colombia has arrived in the Colombian capital, Bogota, to discuss the prospects for peace.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry.
Sam Lyth hit a career-best century as Yorkshire dominated the second day of their County Championship match against Surrey at The Oval.
A man has been jailed for six months for causing a crash in Crawley which left four people injured.
Channel 5's Ken Morley has been investigated by broadcasting watchdog Ofcom over "unacceptable" comments he made on social media.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix to a burst water main in the Republic of Ireland will be completed in two weeks.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint at a shop in Londonderry.
Sinn Féin MLA David Eastwood has been nominated to challenge SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A North Lanarkshire town has won the coveted Carbuncle award for the best town centre in Scotland.
Two men have been arrested after cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m was seized in County Antrim.
Welsh Labour only gets to be the natural party of Wales, a former shadow minister has said.
Former European captain Annika Sorenstam believes Hull could be a top-10 player in the world.
A £1m investment in a German-based tracking company has been cancelled after it failed to materialise during the Eurovision Song Contest.
Bangladesh has restored electricity to most of the country after a major power cut left the country without electricity for several hours.
The Culture Minister, Carál Ní Chuilín, has ordered a full audit of Sport NI.
NHS England is to introduce a new "fast-track" way to pay for innovative cancer drugs, the health watchdog has announced.
A pub publican who stabbed a man in the neck with a steak knife has been jailed for eight years.
Three London schoolgirls who fled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group have been married, their families have told the BBC.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged by the Football Association for refusing to move away from the pitch during his side's defeat by Burnley.
A pair of 17th Century cups and saucers have been stolen from a house.
The owners of a private hospital where patients with learning disabilities were subjected to "unacceptable" levels of abuse, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the county at the end of the season to join Worcestershire on a two-year deal.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of US student Amanda Kercher, has had his murder conviction overturned.
Defending champion Nick Faldo says he is "in shock" after Jordan Spieth blew a six-shot lead at the Masters.
A British sprinter has accused athletics' governing body of "a waste of money and training" after he was excluded from the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak.
Danny Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Bournemouth to record their first Premier League win of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ian Paisley takes a look at the life of the former First Minister, Lord Bannside.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Hibernian striker Alex McDiarmid on a season-long loan deal.
Belgian police have arrested five people in connection with the Paris attacks, prosecutors say.
Theresa May has met residents of the Grenfell Tower tower block in west London to discuss the aftermath of the fire.
Leigh Centurions have signed England international half-back Joe Chase from Salford Red Devils on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted has been extended for another two years.
Mining giant Anglo American is to cut 85,000 jobs as part of a $3.7bn (£2.3bn) restructuring, the company has announced.
French cyclist Jean-Pierre Demoitie has died after being hit by a motorbike during a race in the Tour de France.
Stuart McCloskey has signed a new contract with Ulster until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Nasa has launched a probe that will return a tiny amount of dust from asteroid Bennu.
A Cambridge University professor has been ordered to return her two-year-old son to his estranged father in the UK.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled on to rocks.
At least three bodies have been found in a field in the north-eastern Kenyan city of Nairobi, police say.
A cyclone has killed at least 20 people in the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, officials say.
The number of Syrian refugees coming to the UK is "much the same as it's been over the last few months", Refugee Commissioner Danny Harrington has said.
A "grave misgivings" have been raised about the use of a fee to force indigent criminals to pay the cost of their case.
Asda has admitted that its website was infected with malware that could have compromised customer details.
A drug smuggler who set light to a 15th century building in Exeter in a bid to claim squatter's rights has been jailed.
Hosts Brazil suffered a shock defeat by Mexico in extra-time at the World Cup in Russia.
The Royal Mint has introduced a 12-sided version of the £1 coin.
Andy Murray's former coach Tomas Lendl says he is considering returning to coaching.
A woman has told a court she was raped in Edinburgh city centre.
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year deal.
If you want to know why Ben Llewellin loves the sport of shooting, you need to ask his father.
George Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the genocide committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq 70 years ago.
An academy chain has announced plans to merge it with Ryde Academy, which has been struggling with finances.
Six people have been charged in Germany over an attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said cabinet ministers will be allowed to campaign for Britain to leave the EU, but only if they agree with him.
A US appeals court has ruled that Brendan Dassey, the star of the documentary Making a Murderer, can be released from prison within 90 days.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to hacking tools allegedly stolen from the US National Security Agency has been abandoned.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for £10m on a two-year deal.
It would have been "rash and dangerous" to force all schools in England to become academies, a think tank has said.
Eleven missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, the BBC has announced.
Transport firm Menzies has revised its outlook for this year after service levels at London Gatwick were restored.
Boris Johnson's visit to Moscow has been called off because of a "fundamental misunderstanding" of the situation in Syria.
A police force's poster urging children not to be afraid of the police has gone viral on social media.
Police investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse against Lord Janner are investigating a new allegation, the BBC understands.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to move to a new home in Nottingham.
Northern Ireland's flag protests are damaging the image of Northern Ireland, Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Taylor Swift has said she will not get married until same-sex marriage is legal in Australia.
England won the Women's Rugby World Cup for the first time in their history as they beat New Zealand 32-23 at Twickenham.
Taking a drug to prevent the loosening of joint implants could cut the number of knee and hip replacements, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of seven babies.
Head teachers have warned that the so-called Trojan Horse scandal is the "tip of the iceberg" in tackling extremism in schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons came from behind to draw with Bristol Rovers.
Protests have broken out in the Philippines against the development of a genetically modified rice crop.
Fabian Delph has turned down a move to Manchester City and joined Aston Villa.
A hospital has been told to improve its A&E department after a patient was left on a trolley for more than an hour in the middle of the night.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give evidence to a review into the death of Bailey Gwynne at a school in north Belfast last year.
Paul Ryan was a gangster drug dealer in New Zealand when he was 15 years old.
A new Urdu degree course has been launched at the University of Peshawar.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of "brazenly plundering" oil from Islamic State-held territory.
Thousands of Download fans have been posing for selfies with armed police at the festival.
No serious negotiations will take place between the UK and the rest of the EU over Brexit, the European Council president has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to December.
Chinese police have seized more than 1,000 bottles of alcohol and a powder used to make Viagra and other drugs, officials say.
Banes in Bath and North East Somerset have been cleared of waste after a dispute over pay.
TalkTalk has said that more than 15,000 customers may have been affected by a cyber-attack on its website.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after the third round of the PGA Championship in Pennsylvania.
A prototype petrol-powered car has broken the world record for the fastest speed in a production car.
A British soldier has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Uganda.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac says he would be "devastated" if James Davies were to have been hit by James Skelton's punch.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has revealed that he's found five lost F-1 engines.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to visit China this weekend for the country's largest ice sculpture festival.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist and Ollie Williams have teamed up to record a dance track in the capital, Accra.
Leicester City fans have described the way staff dealt with "thousands of people" attempting to gain access to the club's FA Cup third-round replay.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower after the latest jobs figures showed the US economy added fewer jobs than expected in July.
Kevin Pietersen's international career has come to an end, with the England and Wales Cricket Board announcing he will miss the final Test at Lord's on 7 August.
Scientists have discovered 93 sets of genetic code that can cause breast cancer.
Scientists have identified a link between chronic pain and depression, according to a new study.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Staff at London Metropolitan University are to vote on whether to strike in a row over job losses.
Dundee United moved six points clear at the top of the Scottish League Two table with a comfortable win over Raith Rovers.
Glamorgan made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with a six-wicket win over Kent at Canterbury.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two girls who were hit by a car being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a safety code.
Aston Villa striker Idrissa Gueye has activated the departure clause in his contract that will allow him to leave the club if he wants to.
Nigeria's women have been shortlisted for the 2017 Africa Women's Player of the Year award.
A man has died after a crash involving a car and a lorry in Bath.
Scott Pollock has won the Welsh Half Marathon Championship in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has said it is time for dialogue with the government.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after anti-Islamic messages were sent to pupils in the Middle East.
Johan Cruyff's family have paid tribute to the Dutch legend by paying tribute to him on social media.
Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time in her career with a 6-4 6-2 win over Czech Republic's Karolina Pliskova.
A new flag has been flown in Belfast city centre alongside the Union and Ulster flags.
Michael Meeke won the World Rally Championship for the first time in his career with a dramatic victory in Sweden.
A Baidu executive has been arrested in China for allegedly driving a self-driving car with his hands off the steering wheel.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Brian Matthew has died at the age of 90.
Sale Sharks' Joe Charnley says he is relishing the challenge of switching to rugby league.
Israel's new police commissioner has been sworn in.
Three friends are sitting in a corner of a cafe in Consett, in the North-East of England.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias has undergone reconstructive surgery after he cut his hand while performing in Mexico.
A former police officer has said there is "real scope" for de-criminalising cannabis.
Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against Maori on Saturday.
Deaf people are being discriminated against because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a shopping centre in Liverpool.
The United Nations has named Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has been accused of negligence over the death of a Royal Marine who took a "Baywatch-style dive" off a beach in Spain.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in Donald Trump, after meeting the US president-elect.
It has been a thrilling start to the European Championship's knockout stage.
A transsexual woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting a fellow inmate is to appeal against her sentence.
A man and his dog have been rescued from a car in a lake in Hertfordshire.
Back in 1981 the BBC Micro Computer was one of the most popular computers in the UK.
Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Ryan Pigott on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer David Thorne is to write the first episode of a TV adaptation of the Harry Potter books, it has been announced.
A girl has been shot dead in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A 95-year-old man who said "every day is hell" after he phoned a BBC radio show to tell listeners he "loved each other" has been hailed a hero.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at an Oxford hospital have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered beneath a rock in the Peak District.
Indian wrestler Manoj Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of a "clear case of conspiracy against him".
The number of tablet computers in schools in England is rising, according to a study.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast have begun a campaign to force the university to withdraw its investments in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Victor Camara has joined French side Guingamp on a two-year deal.
Singer-songwriter Eska has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a township in South Africa.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk should be prosecuted for negligence over the 2010 plane crash that killed 96 people, the government has said.
Cardiff City have declared themselves "highly insolvent" after relegation from the Premier League.
A man has been hit by a car in Brighton.
A Sheffield woman has said she is "heartbroken" that she has not been recognised for her contribution to the war effort in World War Two.
Hartlepool United youngster Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Scotland's beaches have been rated as among the best in the world for water quality.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Mahony were forced off as Ireland fought back to beat France and reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy in Cardiff.
Mauritius Prime Minister Murali Jugnauth has announced he is stepping down.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden.
Nigeria international Victor Oshaniwa has joined Hearts on a season-long loan from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod.
Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of a family situation.
Tributes have been paid to a former Middlesbrough footballer who was found dead in his hotel room.
A group of speed bumps have been painted on a bus in Bristol.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to move up to eighth in the Premier League.
The BBC has been using the messaging app WhatsApp every day for more than a year.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK.
Manchester United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history with a goalless draw at Cambridge United.
France has condemned Turkish air strikes on Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in Londonderry.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says his side are suffering from a "hangover" after their League One defeat by Barnsley.
Shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon have been closed by the Food Standards Agency (FSA) after high levels of E.coli contamination.
The European Union has expressed concern over Russia's recent border move with Georgia, which it says has caused "potential negative effects" on the local population.
A minute's silence has been observed in Paris for the victims of the attacks on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Ghana's World Health Organization (WHO) mission to fight Ebola has been moved to the capital, Accra.
More than 6,000 people have been rescued from the rubble of a building in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, after Saturday's earthquake.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the US Supreme Court ruled that tax subsidies for low-income Americans should be scrapped.
BBC Sport will broadcast live coverage of the FA Cup third qualifying round tie between Bridlington Town and South Shields.
When I walked onto the pitch at Paris St-Germain in the French capital on 21 June I was greeted with a mixture of pride and embarrassment.
Three opposition-held legislators in Venezuela have voted to leave the National Assembly after the Supreme Court ordered them to step down.
Six people have been arrested after a suspected human trafficking lorry was found in a motorway.
Reading for pleasure is more important to children's development than having a university-educated parent, a study suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Michael Goodwin has been charged with assault by the Football Association.
For centuries the Church of England has been dominated by men.
The former boss of the Newcastle bakery chain was a "veneer of respectability" who sexually abused boys, a court has heard.
Northstone, the County Antrim-based building materials firm, has reported a fall in group turnover in 2012.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, the security services have stepped up their security presence.
The US says it is starting to train and arm Syrian rebels fighting the Islamic State group.
France is going to the polls in the second round of the presidential election.
The funeral of a former Dizzee Rascal DJ who was found dead at his home has taken place.
Family and friends of Adam Lanza, the 17-year-old who was killed by a gunman at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as a "very bright boy".
Ireland women's hockey team reached the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a comfortable 3-0 win over Wales.
A health trust has admitted failing to prevent a patient falling from a roof at a hospital unit.
Two men have been arrested in Bedfordshire in connection with a firearms operation.
There has been a lot of talk about the impact of the Brexit vote on the UK economy.
Labour and Plaid Cymru have accused UKIP of "scarymongering" over immigration.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-2 to win the Brisbane International.
Morecambe's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 3-1 by Mansfield.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men in Kilmarnock.
Andy Halliday was "outshone" by Scott Brown in the Scottish Cup final, according to former Celtic captain Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County chairman Graham Foxall says the club's board supported Graham Westley's decision to sack him in January.
The parents of a Scottish woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to the Mauritian authorities to say they are "humbled" by the outpouring of support.
More than half of people in the East of England are unable to name any of their local councillors, according to a new survey.
The BBC's decision not to renew its contract with Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been greeted with mixed reactions in many parts of the world.
A former head teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of encouraging "religious influence" on pupils.
League Two side Wrexham have signed former Wales international defender Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular exercise may help preserve memory in people who are in their 60s, a study suggests.
The Department of Health and Social Care has admitted a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a man who fell to his death at a County Londonderry hospital.
The mother of a teenager who was stranded in Nepal after the earthquake there has said she is concerned about her daughter's welfare.
Britain's Andy Murray will face world number one Naomi Broady in the first round of the Australian Open.
European politicians have called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
Three men have been jailed for conspiring to smuggle 20 people into the UK illegally through a ferry terminal.
The Haka, a traditional dance performed by the Maori people, is being performed by Prince Harry in New Zealand.
The number of unhealthy food products being promoted in shops in Scotland is increasing, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have sacked a former employee after he was alleged to have sexually abused children under the age of 16.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have been threatened with a "bigger" development if a council does not act to deal with unauthorised development.
The owner of O2, Li-Ka Shing, has agreed to buy the UK's biggest mobile phone operator for £1.1bn.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can control a car remotely.
Two men have been jailed for posing as emergency services to defraud businesses out of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help refugees resettled in Aberdeen.
It's that time of year when many business leaders are looking forward to the next 12 months.
Cornish Pirates have signed prop Alex Cheesman and prop Morgs Morgan on two-year deals.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in Stafford to call for the closure of Stafford Hospital.
A Cardiff man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag to raise awareness of the condition.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Ron Chernow considers the significance of Robert E Lee's monument to George Washington.
A new tram line between Derby and Nottingham could cost £200m, East Midlands councils have said.
Newport Gwent Dragons have agreed a £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Thousands of people have taken part in the Beltane Fire Festival in County Antrim.
More than 1,000 soldiers are due to move into a new home on the outskirts of Londonderry.
The driver of Tesla's Autopilot feature did not take any braking, steering or other actions to avoid a collision, a US regulator has said.
Uganda's government website has been taken over by hackers, the BBC has learned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we take a look at some of the stories that have made the front pages of Northern Ireland's newspapers.
Sri Lanka all-rounder Rangana Herath has signed a new one-year contract with the county.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in south London.
Saudi Arabia has accused the US of violating its sovereign immunity over the 9/11 attacks.
A decommissioned oil rig which ran aground on the Isle of Lewis last month is to be put on a ship in Malta.
Police in Pakistan have arrested two men suspected of murdering a Christian couple accused of blasphemy in a dispute over money.
Libya's rival parliaments have rejected a UN proposal for a national unity government, a UN envoy has said.
It's that time of year again when your half of the family is ready to go to bed.
A former American football player has been found dead in his prison cell in the US state of Nebraska.
The number of police pursuit-related deaths in England and Wales has risen to its highest level in a year, according to the police watchdog.
The sport's governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), has terminated its sponsorship deal with Adidas.
Ireland secured a draw with the Netherlands in the Intercontinental Cup in Dublin after a rain-affected game.
Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto has been shot dead by a man armed with a machete at his farm complex, police say.
A team of scientists has been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A US judge has ruled that genetic tests should be carried out on six people believed to be relatives of Prince.
A Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham owner David Sullivan and his partner Daniel Gold have confirmed they are in talks to buy a controlling stake in the club.
Google has reported a rise in profits for the first quarter of the year, helped by a jump in advertising revenue.
The director of a company which went into administration has said it is looking good for the future of the business.
A woman accused of defrauding an 85-year-old woman out of £1m has told a court she was "taking advantage of the fact she was no longer here".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county.
Google has announced its Home smart speaker will be available in stores in the UK from 6 April.
A mother and her two daughters have been deported from Nigeria after their deportation was delayed.
A Northern Ireland councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has been shot dead in Spain.
A giant panda at Edinburgh Zoo is pregnant, according to the RZSS.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games after being charged with violent and aggressive punching by St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
Hungary is to offer buses to migrants who have escaped from a railway station in the capital, Budapest, officials say.
Chelsea could re-sign goalkeeper Victor Moses from Stoke City this summer, according to Blues boss Mark Hughes.
Coventry City moved into the League One play-off places with victory over 10-man Millwall.
The Scottish Conservatives have accused the Scottish government of trying to exploit the impact of austerity.
A man who was jailed for four-and-a-half years for uploading indecent images of children to the internet has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Events have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers and the Denver Nuggets will play in a regular-season game at the O2 Arena in London.
Jimmy Hennessy, who was born in Liverpool, died at the age of 21 after a short illness, his sister has said.
Grimsby boosted their League Two play-off hopes with victory over Mansfield.
Somalia's President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo has ordered the release of more than 1,000 al-Shabab fighters, state media report.
Construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
More than 100 domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest against the government's policies on immigration.
Eoin Morgan hit a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Walsall's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s head coach Sean O'Driscoll as their new manager.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US.
The police response to the riots in London and other parts of the UK was "flawed", MPs have said.
The world's biggest social media marketing conference has been taking place in London.
Voters in the UK are going to the polls to decide whether the country should stay in or leave the European Union.
A man who hid £237,000 in his wife's car boot has been jailed for helping her hide the cash.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most vexing pests in the UK.
The cost of renting beach huts in Poole is to rise by more than a third, a council has said.
A barge that ran aground off the coast of Norway on Wednesday has failed to reach BP's North Sea platform, the company has said.
The shape of Easter eggs is one of the most iconic symbols of the British holiday season.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool city centre have been rejected by councillors.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the head of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of a hospital in Afghanistan last month.
Laura Shuker became the first British woman to win the British Open mixed doubles title with victory in the men's singles.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and move up to second in Super League.
Hibernian returned to the top of the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Celtic and Nottingham Forest midfielder Ryan Wilson on a two-year deal.
"When I first came to India, I was living in a refugee camp," says Rangoon Sarlan.
More than 18% of people in relationships are living in "distressed" relationships, according to new research.
The Scottish government has been criticised for its "dreadful" decision to cancel a competition to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology in the UK.
Europe's Galileo satellite navigation system is being developed by the European Space Agency.
The sister of a girl who went missing 20 years ago has said her family is "filled with grief" after her body was found in a canal.
The PSNI has removed a Facebook post in which a 26-year-old man was shot dead in west Belfast on Tuesday night.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says the majority of the club's fans want him to leave the club.
Gareth Bale says Wales' Euro 2016 qualifying campaign would be "an amazing thing" if they can reach the finals on Sunday.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has visited a school in China where students are learning the Chinese language.
There is a "lot of scope" for getting it wrong with sepsis because the symptoms are not specific enough, a leading doctor has said.
A wildlife trust has launched a judicial review into the decision to allow a cycle track to be built in Derby.
A new £33m community hospital in Somerset has been given the go-ahead by the Somerset and Somerset Partnership NHS Foundation Trust.
More than 80 Commonwealth leaders have signed a letter to David Cameron calling for the UK to leave the European Union.
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper has said she is "very unlikely" to serve in the shadow cabinet under Jeremy Corbyn.
The BBC has announced the full line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival.
Spectacular images of lenticular clouds and rainbow reflections have been shared on social media.
Watford Football Club has announced plans to erect a statue in memory of former England manager Paul Taylor.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them a place in the Challenge Cup final against Exeter.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored twice as Grimsby came from behind to draw with Barnet.
Sunderland have signed former Newell's striker Nacho Scocco on a free transfer.
It's been a turbulent week for the European Union.
Chennai has become the first city in India to have a metro system, which connects the southern city with the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped at a road junction in south Armagh.
England have named six uncapped players in their squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan, including Ben Stokes.
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan by six wickets in the first one-day international in India.
A US astronaut is set to break the record for the longest single spacewalk in space.
A red kite has been found shot in the head in North Yorkshire.
Two men have been jailed for importing drugs from the dark web marketplaces like Silk Road.
Johnny Sexton and Johnny O'Driscoll will make their debuts for Ireland in Sunday's Six Nations match against New Zealand.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the euro and hopes of a Greek debt deal.
Theresa May, the former prime minister of England and Wales, has died.
The US has condemned Russia's shipment of missiles to Syria, saying it is "ill-timed and very unfortunate".
Banksy has defended his website after rumours it may be fake.
Ed Miliband has said he will never give up on fighting for the Britain that he believes in after Labour's general election defeat.
Four cats have died in the last seven days after ingesting antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter's director of rugby has expressed concern about the potential impact of Willis Willis' lawsuit against Saracens.
Singapore's environment council has asked retailers to remove products from Indonesian firms accused of contributing to the haze caused by forest fires.
Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has said he is "fighting with his spirit, his vision, his love" after the death of President Hugo Chavez.
The US Supreme Court has begun oral arguments in a case that could lead to the legalisation of same-sex marriage.
England are in "confident spirits" ahead of their World Cup qualifier against Italy on Saturday, according to a new study.
Conservative Zac Goldsmith has been elected London mayor for the first time.
A woman has spoken of her "speechless" shock after jewellery was stolen from her home during a break-in.
Rule The World became the first horse since the 19th century to win the Grand National at Aintree.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking children on term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton says Formula 1 governing body will have "no option" but to impose a 'halo' device on cars following the death of John Surtees' son.
A new project to assess the impact of climate change on Wales has been launched.
We want to hear what you have to say about the BBC.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England captain Paul Dunn as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
Pernod Ricard, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported a rise in sales in the first three months of 2017.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, has reported a loss for the first three months of the year.
In the wake of the UN tribunal's decision to rule on China's claim to sovereignty over the South China Sea, state media in China are taking to the front pages to express their anger.
A baby who died after being removed from a ventilator at a hospital should have been given more early medical care, a coroner has said.
A cancer charity has raised more than £75,000 for the cause of a BBC Radio Derby presenter.
A World Cup conman has been ordered to pay back more than £600 and £220 to two victims who were duped out of thousands of pounds.
A two-year-old boy has been found dead at a house in south London.
James Gilmour, who was seen hanging from the bonnet of a Jaguar at the Cenotaph during the August riots, did not know the monument was a war memorial, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete in a supermarket has been jailed for life.
At least 25 people have been killed in a series of attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria is to impose daily quotas on the number of migrants seeking asylum in the country's passport-free Schengen zone, officials say.
David Beckham's team have submitted a bid to buy land in Miami for a Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise.
The Birds star Helen Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock, who later threatened to "destroy" her career.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say they are treating a severely obese woman who has been living in the country for more than a year.
A Nazi salute video has been released by Buckingham Palace as part of the Queen's 90th birthday celebrations.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the most extreme on record, according to a new appraisal.
Voters go to the polls on Tuesday to elect a new council leader.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic suffered a shock defeat by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals were ended by Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in their 2-1 win over Sunderland.
The final report of the Advisory Committee on Mental Health (ACMD) into the introduction of psychoactive substances in England and Wales has been published.
At least 31 people have been arrested in Morocco after clashes between fans and the Football Supporters' Federation (FMRFF) during a match on Saturday.
As Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe delivers his annual Heroes' Day address in the capital, Harare, a group of people gather around him.
Rangers have signed Accrington Stanley striker Jack Windass on loan until the end of the season.
A New Zealand-based rocket company has successfully launched its first commercial rocket.
The amount of overtime paid to consultants in NHS hospitals in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the last three years, according to a BBC investigation.
Rugby is the sport of choice for children in the UK.
At least 11 people have been killed by Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano, officials say.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of failing a drugs test by Uefa.
The general election campaign is under way in Wales.
There should be no stigma attached to having basic rights to food, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland.
A teenager who took her own life because of a lack of specialist mental health support was "failed by the system", an inquest has heard.
Drivers who are caught speeding at 10% above the speed limit could face fines of up to £95, a report has said.
A pillow fight at the US military academy at West Point in New York has left several cadets injured, officials say.
The controversy surrounding the president of Brazil's Human Rights and Minority Commission has sparked a wave of outrage.
The Batmobile, the car used by Batman in the 1960s TV series, has been sold at auction for $1.5m (Â£1.6m).
The Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled plans to make it harder for migrants to stay in the UK.
In a packed auditorium in the centre of the French capital, Paris, one of the main opposition parties, the far-right National Front, held its annual conference on 1 May.
Defending champion Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 win over Kevin O'Brien.
The funeral of a former Barnsley goalkeeper has taken place.
The UK's only member-owned energy supplier has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable levels of service".
Nico Rosberg took the lead from Lewis Hamilton at the start of the Hungarian Grand Prix as the Mercedes driver was forced to pit twice under the safety car.
A man has denied killing a man who was found dead in a ditch in Carlisle.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has signed a new contract with AC Milan.
Volkswagen has been ordered to recall more than 500,000 diesel cars in the US amid an emissions scandal that could cost the German carmaker €14bn (£11bn).
Scotland Under-21 midfielder Matt Samson has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Britain's Andy Murray and his girlfriend Kim Jong-un have announced that they are expecting their first child.
Paris St-Germain could play in the French Super Rugby next season, according to the club's president.
A time capsule dating back 121 years has been uncovered during work to replace a bridge.
Virtual reality is coming to the big screens in the world of gaming.
A Chinese woman who claimed she was "divorced because of her fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said a move by US President-elect Donald Trump to move his embassy to Jerusalem would "destroy" peace efforts.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with hare coursing in Dalkeith, County Antrim.
A shortlist of seven short stories has been shortlisted for the Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Cabinet minister Joachim Huhne should not have been given a pass to the Houses of Parliament, an MP has said.
A worker was contaminated with radiation at Devonport Royal Dockyard, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing seven boys in Nottinghamshire.
Microsoft has launched a new teaching service for schools.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill says he is "happy to stay on" as manager of the Republic of Ireland.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for players before the transfer window closes.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said the bank is "better off out in the short to medium term" than it was before the EU referendum.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has said he will not start parallel talks on the divorce bill until after the UK leaves.
Two teenagers and a 15-year-old boy have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton.
A fire at a former pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as arson.
More than 1,000 bespoke essay writing sites are offering students bespoke academic papers in return for payment, the BBC has learned.
A cousin of so-called Islamic State (IS) sent a "dirty look" at a police officer in a parking lot, a court has heard.
Plans for a new golf course in Aberdeenshire have been approved by the Scottish government.
Is the Iraqi city of Mosul under the control of so-called Islamic State (IS)?
Mame Biram Diouf scored the only goal of the game as Chelsea came from behind to draw with Stoke.
Two people have been charged in connection with the death of a man at a Dorset park.
The first acts have been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival.
More than 100 branches have closed in Scotland in the last year, according to new research.
The UK is set to become the first country in the world to impose new capital controls on its banks.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, helped by a pick-up in industrial output, official figures show.
A woman has died after being hit by a lorry in Torry.
Mainland Chinese shares closed higher on Monday after the country's trade data showed its exports fell more than expected in March.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered the scrapping of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in a bid to curb "black money".
Police have released CCTV images of a cyclist they want to trace in connection with a sexual assault in Bournemouth.
Tony Bellew and David Haye have clashed in a pre-fight press conference ahead of their heavyweight bout on Saturday.
Two climbers who went missing while climbing one of Europe's highest peaks have been found safe and well.
Parents could soon be able to tell their children to slow down if they go over the speed limit.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in northern Spain.
Kent director of cricket Steve Kennedy has left the club by mutual consent after two years in charge.
An MP from India's ruling Shiv Sena party has been banned from all flights after being attacked by an airline employee.
More than 100 people have been killed in a gun attack in the French city of Marseille.
Boris Johnson's relationship with US President Donald Trump has been one of the most volatile in recent years.
Obesity is linked to a higher risk of bowel cancer in young adults, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said the party is in danger of "losing its way" under his leadership.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory.
Hassan Rouhani is Iran's new President.
Former Wales manager Chris Coleman has paid tribute to his father, who died at the age of 90.
Urgent care units at three hospitals in North Tyneside and Hexham have been closed overnight to deal with a "very high demand" in day-time admissions.
When Vladimir Putin was elected president of Russia in 2012, he was the first president to be elected in the modern era.
The average commute to and from work in London has fallen for the first time in five years, according to a study by the TUC.
The number of pets killed on the roads in Wales could be doubled under proposals being considered by the Welsh Government.
The digital revolution is making a big impact on the lives of young people.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is close to signing a new contract with the Premier League champions.
One of the UK's biggest retailers, Brantano, has gone into administration.
A man has admitted murdering his parents in County Donegal.
Borussia Dortmund were knocked out of the German Cup as Wolfsburg came from behind to win the trophy for the first time in their history.
A council has been told it cannot release the full report into the death of a child who took her own life.
Google has released the first draft of its next generation of its Android operating system.
The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra has failed to reach a decision on its new chief conductor.
St Peter's of Londonderry and St Mary's of Wexford will meet in the MacRory Cup final after winning the semi-finals on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Barnet boss David Waddock as their new manager.
The big six energy suppliers have announced plans to introduce a cap on the amount of energy they can charge.
The 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro will be one of the biggest sporting events in the world.
A man has been placed in an induced coma after being stabbed in the groin.
Argentine voters have voted in a run-off election for a third term in office, with the winner likely to face a rival in a second round.
UKIP will make a "breakthrough" in Wales and Scotland, the party's leader Nigel Farage has said.
Plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal have been approved by the government.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed former Charlton Athletic and Shrimpers striker Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol have been unveiled.
Police in Colombia have found a pair of huts in the back garden of a house in the capital, Bogota.
A hole in the ground at one of Scotland's most picturesque golf courses has been unscratched.
Tesco has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profits to £1.28bn, after taking a charge related to its accounting scandal.
York City have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Ryan Oliver on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A Polish journalist has been ordered to leave Russia within 30 days because of a row over his cat.
The UN has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using "excessive force" against anti-government protesters.
Surrey has released the first pictures of three of the world's most advanced Earth observation satellites.
A World War Two veteran who was shot in the shoulder during the Normandy landings has been awarded France's highest military honour.
League Two side Notts County have signed former MK Dons striker Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
A top-down reorganisation of Welsh local government is not an option, the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
Exeter fly-half George Ford has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to a dangerous tackle.
Iran has become the first country in the world to require social networks to comply with a new law.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie has signed a new deal with JP Morgan to compete in the America's Cup.
Using images to sign on to a device could improve security, say researchers.
A man has died after being stabbed outside a bar in Grimsby.
China has condemned Japan's controversial new defence laws, saying they violate the country's pacifist constitution.
Rafael Benitez's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in a goalless draw at home to Southampton, who missed the chance to go top of the Premier League.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's one-day series against Sri Lanka in June with a knee injury.
A new species of dinosaur has been discovered in a museum collection in Dorset.
Scotland's Laura Archibald won gold in the women's individual pursuit at the European Track Cycling Championships in London.
More than four million fans attended Scottish League Two games last season, according to new figures.
The restoration of Alexandra Palace's theatre and studios has been given the go-ahead by the government.
A sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in the Vale of Glamorgan in South Africa.
A "significant proportion" of applications to register to vote in the general election are likely to have been duplicates, a watchdog has said.
Leicester Force won the British Basketball League Play-offs for the first time in their history by beating Manchester Giants in the final round.
Josh Matavesi's late try earned Ospreys a draw with Racing 92 in the European Champions Cup.
A six-year-old boy who was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer has been sent more than 11,000 Christmas cards.
Fifa has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar after a US court filed a lawsuit against Barclays.
A Dundee woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock for the first time.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has appointed Ventura as his successor as Italy coach.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she "will never let it go" after 20 years in prison.
Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient midfielder Nicolas Atangana on a two-year deal.
Stuart Compton says he is "not far off cementing his place in the England side" after being recalled for the first Test against Sri Lanka.
Three teenagers in Australia have appeared in court charged with the murder of a student in the US state of Oregon.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to become a writer?
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup.
The World Cup was the most popular search term of 2014, according to Google users.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Cattle says his side's second-half display against Gloucestershire was "disjointed".
A woman with a rare form of chronic fatigue syndrome is planning to marry her fiance.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a re-evaluation of his Foreign Ministry's contacts with the United Nations.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the constitution by disqualifying former President Antonis Paksas from running for election in 2004.
Arsenal returned to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Watford.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of Wales on Monday.
One in five women in the UK has suffered a miscarriage before their first scan, according to a new report.
Cerberus, the US fund behind the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, has told a parliamentary committee that it was "as good as their word" in getting access to the Northern Ireland Executive.
Ayr United moved to within a point of Scottish Championship leaders St Mirren with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Scotland's former first minister Jack McConnell has admitted falling down a drain in Malawi during a visit to the country in 2005.
The death of an inmate at Elmley Prison is being investigated by the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman.
A man who fooled prison staff into thinking he was a court clerk has been jailed for eight years.
Two senior police officers have been paid more than £51,000 in pension payments, the public spending watchdog has said.
A driver caught speeding at 51mph on a motorway has been banned from driving for life.
The UK government has said it will make concessions to EU nationals living in the UK after the country voted to leave the EU.
Former EastEnders actress Helen Mirren has died.
Virtual reality (VR) is a form of virtual reality that allows people to interact with the world around them.
University students in Wales are more satisfied with their university experience than ever before, according to a survey.
More than 1,000 people have attended the Cologne carnival in the wake of sexual assaults on women in the city on New Year's Eve.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly have been criticised for their expenses.
A black woman has said she was refused entry to a nightclub in Nottingham because of her skin colour.
Young people in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find stability, according to a new study.
Three men who tackled a burglar and pinned him to the ground have been recognised as "heroes" by police.
EU nationals living in London should be eligible for a visa to stay in the UK after Brexit, a report by the London Chamber of Commerce says.
Derby County captain Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pensions.
Translink has lifted a suspension on its upgraded train from Belfast to Dublin after an investigation into door mechanisms.
Indonesia's Islamic clerics have issued a fatwa calling for a ban on underage marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the country's national team to boycott the 2018 World Series.
Boris Johnson has said he has "an indication" of the amount the UK would pay to get access to the EU's single market.
The organisers of Germany's Rock am Ring music festival have cancelled the event after a lightning strike in the city of Frankfurt.
India's parliament has passed a bill to toughen the punishment for juvenile offenders who commit serious crimes, including murders and rapes.
Three men have appeared in court charged with the murder of 16-year-old Becky Watts, who was found dead at her home in Bristol on 2 February.
The mother of a teenager who was pulled off an EasyJet flight because he was not allocated a seat has called for an overhaul of the airline's overbooking system.
A polio charity has paid tribute to a woman who helped raise awareness of the disease 50 years ago.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
The site of a former coal mine in Gedling National Park has been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to enforce the law during loyalist protests in 2012.
Labour has rejected the government's spending plans in its Autumn Statement.
A man has been arrested after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death by a fellow inmate at a Newport housing hostel have called on the government to publish a report into the case.
Somerset's County Championship match against Lancashire has been abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than 1.8 million secondary schools in England are under-performing, according to official figures.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes is taking legal action against the council.
The US Department of Defence has announced it will recall nearly all of its civilian employees as part of a partial government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be sold off for meat if there is no sustainable market for them, a conservation group has said.
Latam airlines have suspended all flights to and from Venezuela because of currency controls.
Five men have been charged with causing the deaths of four teenagers in a crash in Wakefield.
Spanish police have arrested a member of the Pink Panther jewellery gang, who they say carried out a series of armed robberies in Barcelona.
Rochdale secured their first League One win of the season with a 3-2 victory over Scunthorpe.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on whether to accept a contract to repair the council's roads and bridges.
Radhika Menon is the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy.
England's final-day defeat by India in the final Test in Chennai was one of the most devastating in the history of cricket.
Kids in the UK have voted on whether it's better to help bullies or punish them.
Surrey captain Mark Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Cameroon reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a comfortable win over Germany.
The Royal Navy's new frigates and destroyers are to be built in Portsmouth as part of a £1bn defence investment, the defence secretary has said.
Siemens Mobility has been awarded a contract to manufacture trains for the HS2 high-speed rail line in the UK.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be worth about £15m, BBC Scotland understands.
Labour MP Harriet Harman has said that if the UK voted to leave the European Union, women's rights would be in jeopardy.
A woman has admitted setting her pet dog on a woman in Aberdeen.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after two teenagers died in a crash in Monmouthshire.
Sixteen players have been named in the England squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The woolly mammoth may have been the last refuge of modern species on the brink of extinction.
Actor and playwright George Johnson has died at the age of 91.
A woman has been raped in Glasgow city centre.
The names of World War One soldiers who left their names in trenches and tunnels in Wiltshire have been uncovered.
A mosaic has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the bloodiest air strikes of World War Two.
Restaurants in a Kent town are to be banned from serving takeaways within 400m of a school.
Lego has ended its promotional relationship with the Daily Mail, following a campaign by a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate.
A drug that can kill HIV has been developed by scientists at the University of California, Davis.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin from the black market was motivated by watching the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto, promising to create a "well, well-educated and wealthier Wales".
Harlow, one of the UK's oldest towns, has celebrated its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says the club are in talks with four or five international players to join the club next season.
Former Fulham captain Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after Greece's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Jack Baird's last-minute strike gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A'mad scientist' has become the first person in the world to perform a Monster Jam stunt.
Thousands of people have attended a rally in Motherwell and Clydebridge calling for the future of the two steel plants in Scotland to be saved.
YouTube vloggers have been told to make it clear they are paid advertisements.
The family of a 12-year-old boy who was removed from mainstream schooling because he was not coping with being isolated have said they are concerned about his future.
Ukraine's opposition leaders have signed a deal with the government of President Viktor Yanukovych to restore the country's constitution.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Laurent Sanguinetti looks at Australia's politics.
A major police investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has been launched.
Police are investigating the death of a man at a hotel in Glasgow.
British and Irish Lions wing Robbie North and scrum-half George Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the tour with injuries.
Championship side Lech Poznan have signed Reading defender Tomas Rakels on a season-long loan deal.
Lana Del Rey doesn't look like a fan.
Another spate of police shootings in the US has left more than 100 people dead.
More needs to be done to tackle unregistered schools in England, Ofsted says.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way on Monday, with Chelsea Ladies and Manchester City Ladies both in contention for the title.
Slovenian Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics after winning his first Davis Cup tie of the season.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the season.
A woman who was made redundant because she had a disabled child has been awarded £10,000 in damages.
It's a new, if temporary, reality.
Guy Martin has been named as the final entry for the 2016 Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
Leeds United manager Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" in bringing in new players, according to the club's director of football Steve Raynor.
It's not every day you see a woman running around in a pushchair in London's Hyde Park.
Former WBA world featherweight champion Charles Dickens has signed a new contract with the Cuban, which will keep him at Liverpool until the end of the 2018 season.
The Department of Foreign Affairs has said it will no longer sell certificates of Irish Heritage after 24 August.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire.
Tony Parker retained his WBO light-welterweight title with a unanimous points win over Razvan Cojanu.
US President Donald Trump has changed his stance on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (Nato) in his first day in office.
Ricky McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the first time in his career with a thrilling victory in the Gold Cup at Aintree.
Scarlets player Rhys Williams has been suspended after appearing on a show dressed as a rugby player.
Vietnamese man Phuc Phuc has said he is "very grateful" to Facebook users who have been supportive of his decision to change his name.
Tesco has bought a 49% stake in the Giraffe coffee chain from Conlumino.
A photojournalist who took hundreds of selfies in a taxi has said he was "really pleased" with the results.
The bodies of at least 12 migrants have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boats sank off the coast of Greece.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal described his side's second-half display as "the law of Murphy".
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", a trade body has said.
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud at a charity in Cardiff.
Portsmouth owner Michael Eisner has made an offer of £5.67m for the club, BBC Radio Solent understands.
The deaths of two migrants in Greece are "unacceptable", aid groups have said.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's most complete stegosauruses.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to cover up the emissions scandal in diesel cars.
Infections with viruses, bacteria and parasites are the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat posed by foreign fighters travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake says he's looking forward to his return to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 is to introduce a new set of presenters next month.
At least eight whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
The Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen has been on the offensive for three weeks.
When I first started working on BBC Radio 4's Valentine's Day programme, it was always going to be about love.
The maker of Irn Bru has announced plans to cut the sugar content of its soft drinks by more than half by the end of this year.
Facebook has confirmed that one of its directors will remain on the board of the media firm Gawker, despite a long-running dispute with the publisher.
The London Museum is trying to reconstruct its famous robot, Eric.
In the streets of El Salvador's capital, Tegucigalpa, a large billboard has been erected to warn the public about the presence of Mexican drug cartels.
UK Sport is to invest more than £100m in winter sports following the success of Team GB's 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Manchester Storm moved to within a point of the Elite League play-off places with a 2-1 win over Belfast Storm.
There should be a criminal investigation into the death of a cyclist, a former MP has said.
A woman arrested on suspicion of preventing the burial of a child murdered by Robert Brady will not be charged, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
Portsmouth and Carlisle played out a draw at Fratton Park.
Scientists have measured the shape of the electron.
MPs should only refer to proceedings in Parliament in the most exceptional of circumstances, the government's senior law officer has said.
A student who fell from a roof at a college was "victimised directly" by his own actions, a judge has ruled.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish suffered a crash.
A parking company is being investigated after a woman was issued with a parking charge because she was still in bed.
Plans for a £1.13bn road improvement project in Glasgow have been unveiled after a public consultation.
A new song has been released in South Africa to protest against the killing of foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a busy week for the Welsh government.
The BBC's impartiality committee has said it has found no evidence that David Packham broke impartiality guidelines in a grouse shooting column.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-2 to win the best-of-seven World Series and move closer to a first title in 108 years.
Former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell has launched a fundraising campaign to save her life from terminal lung cancer.
Leicester missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by West Ham.
China is the world's second-largest economy, and one of the fastest-growing economies in the world.
A street party celebrating the Queen's 90th birthday is to be held at Buckingham Palace.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A US university has developed an algorithm that can detect when a robot falls.
The idea of ID cards being introduced in the UK has long been a part of the government's national identity card scheme.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has confirmed he will return to the club on 20 June.
The US has launched an investigation into alleged corruption at world football's governing body Fifa, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland will leave the role at the end of the season to take up a coaching role with New Zealand, says former Wales captain Jonathan Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has accused former FBI director James Comey of being a "leaker".
Liberal Democrat candidate George Galloway has been accused of "wasting police time" by retweeting his party's exit poll before the general election.
A road which was closed for more than a year after a landslide has been reopened by Dumfries and Galloway Council.
A new video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at E3 in Los Angeles.
A man who raised money for a children's cancer charity has been jailed for eight months.
Australia has appointed Joe Hockey as its ambassador to the United States.
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has submitted a plan to tackle the overspend on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 say they have closed off a number of theories about what happened to the toddler.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic after carding a six-under-par 66 in Dubai.
Locks on a bridge are being removed because they are starting to rust.
Lewis Hamilton says he will give everything he has to win the Formula 1 title if he loses to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from the River Gannoch in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria have said they are investigating a "copycat" of the "killer clown" craze in the US.
Durham Jets' hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast were dented by a rain-affected match against Leicestershire.
South Africa beat India by seven wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
More than three million energy customers have switched to a different tariff in the first half of the year, according to new data.
Seven-year-olds are among the least physically active groups in the UK, a study suggests.
A drug used to treat osteoporosis has been linked to microscopic cracks in the bones of elderly patients, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester have been left without power after flooding on Saturday.
Transport for London (TfL) has introduced a cashless bus service in a bid to save £24m a year.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside for the first time in more than a decade.
Ladies' Fashions is to expand its operations in Scotland, with plans to create 16 new stores across the country.
If you're planning to do a lot of things over the next few weeks, then you need an activity tracker.
South Yorkshire Police has apologised for "disgraceful lies" about the response to the Hillsborough disaster 23 years ago.
Three people have died in a crash on the M4 in Birmingham.
An autonomous underwater vehicle has failed to find any wreckage in the search zone for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
Annan Athletic made it two wins from two in the Scottish League Two season with a 2-1 win at home to Forfar Athletic.
Scotland has voted to leave the European Union.
A former head of strings at Manchester's Royal Northern College of Music raped a student, a court has heard.
China has reported a surge in crude oil imports from Iran in the first three months of the year.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied that the company involved in a £39m deal to buy timber in Carmarthenshire was negligent.
Councils in England face a £200bn shortfall over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
It has been a week of intense debate in Japan about what is acceptable and bad parenting.
It has been a rollercoaster of a week for me.
Mo Farah is one of the most successful young athletes in the world.
UKIP's new leader, Raoul Kassam, has said he wants to sack Nigel Farage if he fails to deliver the party's manifesto.
Deputy First Minister Bertie Ahern has said a hard border with the Republic of Ireland would have to be re-introduced in the foreseeable future.
A plaque has been unveiled in Merseyside to mark the 100th anniversary of the start of the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead by a group of men on pedal cycles.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the most famous bridges in the world.
The leader of Pakistan's Balochistan separatist movement has said the Pakistani military has suffered a "moral defeat" in the province.
David Cameron's team have decided to relent on their plan to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
Former Peruvian leader Keiko Fujimori has announced he will not be allowed to use social media.
A campaign has been launched to persuade the Welsh government to vaccinate boys against cervical cancer.
A company has said it has found a replacement for a sippy cup for a boy who has been without one for three years.
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham beat Brentford to move into the Championship play-off places.
Francois Ayrault has been named as the new French foreign minister, the Elysee Palace says.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sleepwalking after being found unconscious outside his hotel in Manchester.
The 2017 Winter Olympics start in Pyeongchang, South Korea on Friday.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Olufemi Akinfenwa has been banned for two matches after being sent off against Le Havre.
Philadelphia Congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty of a series of fraud and money laundering related to his son's student debt.
Team GB have been set a target of winning seven medals at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics by UK Sport.
Scotland Secretary John Swinney has said taxpayers in the rest of the UK are "no better or worse off" under his proposals for a new fiscal framework.
Dayle Southwell scored twice as Wycombe Wanderers beat Stevenage to record their first win of the season.
A teenager has been jailed for eight years for killing a 16-year-old boy at an Aberdeen school.
Two Northern Ireland rowers have qualified for the semi-finals of the European Rowing Championships in Bucharest.
Venus Williams is being investigated by police in Florida over the death of a man who was hit by her car.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Shailesh Tripathi considers India's potential to become one of the leading nations in chess boxing.
A fund set up to save one of the world's most famous radio telescopes has raised more than $1m (£1.5m) in donations.
Two Tory MSPs have said they are in favour of the UK remaining in the European Union.
A man has been fined after falling from a church roof in Edinburgh.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal to reinstate leadership elections to the shadow cabinet.
Violence against women is to be recorded as a hate crime, a police force has said.
The prospect of a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland has been raised in the BBC Spotlight programme.
An Iranian couple who were sent to Cambodia to be resettled in Papua New Guinea have left the country, Australian officials say.
A cafe where the body of murdered schoolgirl April Jones was found has been criticised for a "humorous" sign.
Mohammed Choudary has been jailed for life for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A three-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£18bn) in bonds from investors in the US, the highest amount the company has raised in a year.
A Kent hospital trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages and a culture of bullying.
China has said it is "serious concern" about US President-elect Donald Trump's "One China" policy.
A baby hatches centre in China has been temporarily closed to new babies because of overcrowding, officials say.
A man died after getting into difficulty in the sea while trying to rescue his son, an inquest has heard.
So what is the lock on a Labour government?
The family of a man who went on a hiking trip in Peru have contacted Interpol over his disappearance.
Peruvian President Otto Humala has said he has begun to lay the groundwork for the "great transformation" that most citizens crave.
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor after getting into difficulty in the sea.
A group of bikers have been banned from a pub after being told they were not allowed in.
Leeds Rhinos moved up to second in Super League with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves.
Stenhousemuir moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a 2-0 win away to Livi Town.
Work to demolish a derelict shopping centre and rebuild it has been given the go-ahead by a council.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 54 jobs.
The head of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in England and Wales, David McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a joint report recognising their shared beliefs.
A police force failed to act on "poor practice" after a baby was killed by a dog, a serious case review has found.
England women's manager Mark Sampson has named five players in his squad for the 2018 Women's Euro 2017 squad.
The UK is going to the polls to decide whether to remain in or leave the European Union.
Morocco's interior minister has said that more than 90% of the people have voted in favour of a new constitution.
Kevin Pietersen hit his first Twenty20 century of the season as South Africa Dolphins beat New Zealand Knights in the Big Bash League.
A legal bid to stop the UK leaving the European Union has been launched by a group of politicians and human rights activists.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland has been going on for a while.
The Royal Academy of Art (RA) is to open a new exhibition of paintings by French artist Monet, including a water lily triptych.
The owner of a firework shop which was destroyed in a suspected arson attack has said it is his "life" after the blaze.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the site of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked.
Demarai Gray and Ahmed Musa scored twice as Leicester City came from behind to beat Sheffield United in the EFL Cup first round.
More needs to be done to improve the early warning system for sepsis in hospitals in Wales, the Welsh government has said.
The widow of comedian Robin Williams is seeking items from his estate to be divided between her and his children.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £14,000 in benefits and child benefits has been jailed for three years.
British astronaut Luca Peake has returned to the International Space Station.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK's arms trade with Saudi Arabia is not unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order collapsed in the second one-day international against India A in Mumbai, losing by seven wickets.
Costa Cruises, the owner of the Costa Concordia, has reported better-than-expected profits for the third quarter.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of marijuana, officials say.
A woman who lost her friend in a fire at a chemical plant has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours list.
Bristol residents have been using vinegar to get rid of unwanted plants.
Private sector companies would be "foolish" not to help the public sector in the event of further cuts to public spending, a business leader has said.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a concert in Toronto, Canada.
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig came from behind to beat Mainz and move up to second in the Bundesliga.
The UK will have the fastest broadband network in Europe unless it recognises the "massive growth in demand", Transport Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to develop a national strategic plan to improve the quality of HIV testing, say researchers.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says reaching the Euro 2017 finals in the Netherlands would be the "most special moment" of her career.
Crawley Town have signed West Bromwich Albion defender James Hurst for an undisclosed fee.
Edinburgh missed out on a European play-off place as they were beaten by Leinster at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "very much in favour" of abolishing the benefit cap, saying it is responsible for "social cleansing" in his constituency.
Employers should not be subject to "Stasi-style surveillance" at work, business leaders have said.
The body of one of the world's biggest cheetahs has been shot dead in Botswana, a conservation group has said.
Adult social care services for the over-65s are facing a further £1.1bn in funding cuts, according to a survey.
Kilmarnock have agreed a deal to sign former Rangers defender David McCulloch.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on new players before the transfer window closes.
Widnes Vikings full-back Ben Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
League One side Latics have signed Bournemouth midfielder Ryan MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
An inspection of a hospital in Dumfries and Galloway has found 26 areas for improvement, the health watchdog has said.
Southampton manager Eddie Friend has been ruled out of the rest of the season after collapsing against the Bournemouth dugout during the 2-2 draw.
Belize is one of the world's most northerly countries.
A woman has been cleared of having sex with a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for severe forms of epilepsy is being tested in Edinburgh.
The Gambia's military says it will intervene militarily if President Yahya Jammeh refuses to step down.
It may not be the most popular day of the year for many students in Northern Ireland.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has clarified that she did not order RTÉ to report details of a TD's personal finances under privilege.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a two-year deal.
Royal Dutch Shell has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first quarter of the year.
A tourism boss has called for a "positive campaign" on the roads affected by Storm Desmond.
Fleetwood secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory at Scunthorpe.
Emergency workers in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, are desperately trying to reach the people who have been displaced by the devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "worried" about his whereabouts.
Jockey Ann Turner has said she is proud of the hard work of female jockeys who have made it to the top of the British Flat.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains have been found in the search for a treasure hoard hidden in a New Mexico river.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Londonderry.
Ballet is a great way to develop strength, poise and strength in a young age.
Transformers: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row.
A dog has been rescued from the sea off the Isle of Wight.
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London has appealed for witnesses.
More than £43m of economic impact from hosting the Rugby World Cup has been felt in Newcastle, the region's chief executive has said.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a goalless draw at the Principality Stadium.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been found homes after being left in a cardboard box in a Denbighshire pet shop.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Mansfield.
A man has been jailed for his part in the murder of a man in a park in Newcastle.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association's performance school coaching scheme is to be reviewed.
A Monet painting called Nympheas has sold for £31.7m at an auction in New York.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell said he was "not far away" from being ready for the Ryder Cup.
Drugs giant Pfizer has been accused of abusing its dominant position in the UK market by the competition watchdog.
Zanzibar has submitted an application to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Audi has announced it will withdraw from the Formula E series in 2018, ending its involvement in the endurance race.
Two homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a burst water main.
Scottish Labour will stand for the general election with a promise to restore the money Scottish families will lose from the Tory tax rise, Kezia Dugdale has said.
Bristol City will be without injured midfielder Ivan Ljubljana for Friday's Championship match against Queens Park Rangers.
Iraqi political parties have been vying for power since the 2003 US-led invasion.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for high winds across much of the UK.
A treasure trove of gold coins has been discovered off the coast of Egypt's coastal city of Caesarea.
Former world number one Mark Lindahl has been banned for six months after being found guilty of match-fixing.
The chief executive of British Railways, Sir Ralph Halpern, has been paid £24,000 a year, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (ICI).
A new approach to teaching GCSEs in the key skills of those who have failed to pass them in school has been hailed as a success.
A three-month-old baby has been taken to hospital after being found abandoned in a street in Londonderry.
A Singaporean couple's coffin-themed wedding shoot has gone viral on social media.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Huddersfield and Birmingham played out a draw at The Hive.
Sophie Johnston is to star in the fifth series of Downton Abbey.
Oil prices have fallen below $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
Wolfsburg striker Christian Bendtner has been fined for failing to turn up to training on time.
A World War Two teleprinter that was used to break the German cipher code has been found in a shed in Southend.
Wales and India are to work together to create a "new hybrid" of the two countries' performing arts.
A chain of academies in Yorkshire has been criticised by the education watchdog for failing to meet standards.
Bournemouth have signed former Napoli defender Christophe Reveillere on a two-year deal.
Russia's top anti-corruption agency has proposed restricting public access to the country's state property registry, in a bid to tackle money-laundering.
Nato and Russia have held "profound and persistent differences" in their approach to the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the two countries have said.
Mobile phone technology is to be installed at two prisons in Dumfries and Galloway, Justice Secretary Angus MacAskill has announced.
More than 10,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the US state of Louisiana after severe flooding.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, calling it "barbaric".
Plans for a new golf course in Sutherland have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Google is to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London, the company has announced.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence of a prehistoric alcove at Stonehenge.
A chronology of key events:1 July -
Christian Benteke has rejected a move to Crystal Palace.
The family of a 90-year-old Scottish woman who has been living in Australia for more than a year have said they fear she could be deported.
A shoe shop in County Tyrone has been flooded and several vehicles damaged by flooding.
A new task force has been set up to tackle the closure of two steel plants in Scotland.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 31.
A newborn baby has been found dead at a bus stop.
The return of Hearts to the Scottish Professional Football League will create "as much tension" in the Championship this season as it did last season, says the club's director of football Doncaster.
There is not enough money to fund Welsh universities, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Ronny Luzon says he is not worried about his side's relegation from the Championship.
The Chinese government is using a "toolbox" of coercive tactics to punish foreign companies, according to former government minister Michael McGregor.
Wales were crowned champions of the Welsh Football League on Friday as they celebrated their first home win of the season with victory over Moldova.
More than half of working families in England would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, Shelter has said.
The number of people using contactless payments in the UK rose by more than a third last year, according to industry figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces have retaken the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), the US military says.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City Ladies as they drew at Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Annual inflation in the UK fell to its lowest level for almost two years in January, according to official figures.
Dylan Davies and Hannah Hermitage both won golds at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Rome, with David Devine and Hannah Weir claiming silvers.
Plans to reduce the height of a hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Sheffield Wednesday manager Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" signing Yids Yiadom until the player's future is "solved".
The Welsh government has been accused of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on a "fragile" poster campaign to promote the Metro rail project.
Sean O'Brien will make his first start for Ireland in the Six Nations match against Italy on Saturday.
MPs have clashed over the BBC's lack of investment in the Midlands.
Astronomers have discovered the most distant object in the Solar System.
Don't buy a bouquet of roses.
England thrashed New Zealand by 17 points in the first Test of their Six Nations campaign.
An artificial intelligence (AI) research firm has raised $1bn (Â£1.5bn) in funding from a range of investors.
Scotland moved to the top of the Six Nations table with a bonus-point win over Georgia at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the club at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting in the general election has risen sharply in the past year, according to a new survey.
The founder of one of the world's leading chamber orchestras, Sir Neville Chamberlain, has died at the age of 90.
It was a story that could have been written in the same way as an East End drama.
A man has died after a two-car crash in Bangor, County Down.
The Irish government has banned the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland.
Bournemouth manager Mark Hughes says he would consider a move for Giannelli Imbula.
A man has died after his car hit a lorry in Kent.
A body has been recovered from the sea off the coast of Cornwall by a French yachtsman.
Singer-songwriter Shakuhachi Sengo has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016.
There was a sense of relief on the streets of Tel Aviv after the results of Israel's general election.
The average daily commute to and from work in the UK has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Barra Airport is one of the world's most scenic airports.
A new pedestrian crossing is to be built in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena attack, in which 22 people were killed.
Plans for a Garden Bridge in south London have been approved after a deal was reached.
A collection of sculptures created by the late Dame Zaha Hadid has gone on display at Chatsworth Gardens.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a mass murder in London on Remembrance Sunday.
It has been a year of mourning for the arts in Northern Ireland.
Tate's new director, Nicholas Serota, has announced that he is to leave the institution at the end of the year.
The summer transfer window has closed in England and the Scottish Premiership.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges at the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has said he is optimistic that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) will be reached.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the former head of the Missionaries of Charity in the West Bengal state of West Bengal, has died at the age of 85.
Sunderland goalkeeper Hannah Laws has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has never called for a veto on a future Brexit deal.
The Co-operative Bank, which was put up for sale last year, has said it is in talks with a group of existing investors on a recapitalisation plan.
When we arrived in the Afghan capital, Kabul, we were greeted by a man named Popal.
A railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after being closed due to flooding.
A dog born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
A letter written by John Lennon is to be auctioned off in April.
It's a familiar refrain in the Conservative Party.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Former Scotland captain Darren Wilson says the captaincy of Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland will be the biggest honour in football.
A rescue boat has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to help those affected by the conflict in Syria.
Police in the US state of Missouri have used tear gas to disperse protesters who were protesting against a curfew imposed over the killing of a black teenager.
The Amazon rainforest in Brazil is one of the world's most important ecosystems.
New Pro12 teams will have to play away from home for about three weeks at a time, according to former Wales head coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced that he has nationalised a Spanish power company.
Yum Brands, the parent company of KFC, has reported a rise in profits, helped by strong sales in China.
Residents of the Sheerwater estate in Woking are to be asked to give their views on plans to regenerate the area.
Workers have been evacuated from a nuclear power station in Aberdeenshire after a vessel caught fire.
Black voters in Ferguson, Missouri, have voted to elect a new mayor and police and crime commissioner.
Trade union leaders have called for a "winter of discontent" in response to government cuts to public services.
Lee Clark has been appointed Kilmarnock manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins has won the men's road race at the Road World Championships for the first time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Hathaway looks at the impact of the Asian boom on the developing world.
Two men have been charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney, Australian police say.
A council leader has said he took "some responsibility" for the failure of a council to repay a £10.25m loan to a football club.
Millennials are likely to find it harder than their predecessors to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age, a think tank has warned.
A Star Wars-themed collection of photographs has been released to mark the 50th anniversary of the release of the film.
Indian Wells tournament director Ray Moore has resigned after calling for women to get more prize money.
Richard Cockerill has left his role as Leicester Tigers head coach by mutual consent.
A US appeals court has ordered the trial of former Bank of America chief executive Hank Greenberg on fraud charges.
Mark Trescothick's double century helped Nottinghamshire take control on day two against Somerset at Trent Bridge.
A Newport-based turkey processing company has been fined £271,815 for food hygiene offences, including defrosting outside in dirty water and processing in a garage.
A police officer has been awarded a bravery award after rescuing a man who fell from a fire escape in Greater Manchester.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will find a way to fix emissions devices in its diesel cars.
Ollie Norburn's late goal earned Macclesfield a 3-2 win at Chester.
Sri Lanka's cricket authorities have launched an investigation after two players turned down an offer of £10,000 to play in a World Twenty20 match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for the first time in his career.
Premier League football matches will be shown live on Sky Sports for the first time this season.
The two main parties in the Republic of Ireland are trying to reach an agreement on the future of water charges.
Birmingham City have signed former Wolves and Wolves striker Ryan Mackie on a two-year deal.
A baby albino deer has been born in Australia.
A 12-year-old boy and his wife have gone missing from their Luton home, police have said.
Plans for a new gondola line linking Cardiff Bay and the city centre have been unveiled by the Cardiff Bay Consortium (CBC).
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost an appeal against a High Court ruling that it should pay compensation to a loyalist.
US President Donald Trump has said former President Barack Obama "choked" when it came to Russian meddling in the election.
A football club has been criticised after a "horrible scraping noise" was heard coming from its ground.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two Turkish newspapers, one of which supports the government, in Istanbul, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who sued a Carmarthenshire council leader for defamation has had her case against him dropped.
An Emirates mid-air flight from Dubai to Hong Kong has been forced to make an emergency landing after a thief stole watches worth more than £1,000.
The leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party has said he will seek a "Frexit" of the EU if he wins the election.
A man who was deported from the UK because his parents had married is not liable to be deported, the Supreme Court has ruled.
A senior financial services executive has been fined £450 by the City watchdog for failing to pay the full fare on a London-bound train.
Five former foreign secretaries have called on David Cameron to tackle corruption in Russia during his visit to Moscow.
Jake Cassidy scored twice as Hartlepool came from behind to draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not redesign its Arak nuclear reactor until a final agreement is reached, the country's energy minister has said.
It is 70 years since the death of Private John Parr, the youngest soldier to die fighting in World War One.
David Haye says he will "pay and take whatever punishment I need to" after being warned by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) over comments he made about Tony Bellew.
The battle to save the struggling department store chain BHS from liquidation has come to an end.
South Africa's National Union of Metalworkers (Numsa) has called for a general strike on 1 July.
Two Americans and a Briton have been awarded the French Legion d'honneur for their bravery in the fight against a gunman on a train.
A major road in the Borders is to be closed for more than a year as part of a flood protection scheme.
A deal to devolve the Isle of Wight to the Solent Combined Authority has been rejected by the government.
Burnley have signed Middlesbrough striker Vincent de Roon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The coffin of Prime Minister David Cameron has been restored to its former stately home in Shropshire.
The chief executive of London's Royal Victoria Hospital has said he is "devastated" by the number of patients suffering from flu.
Ikea has recalled a beach chair after reports that it collapsed during use.
India's banks are using indelible ink to stop people from exchanging big bank notes.
Former American football star Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of head trauma.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into their home in Fairlie, Strathclyde.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25.
Nigeria Aluko's late goal rescued a point for relegation-threatened Hull as they came from behind to beat Nottingham Forest.
Scientists have produced functional stem cells to treat type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew was sent off as his side were beaten by Watford in the Premier League.
Lewie Stevenson says Hibernian's squad can compete at the top end of the Scottish Premiership for a few more years.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Laura Lindahl has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Pakistan has denied bail to an Afghan woman who was dubbed the "Afghan girl" because she failed to make an application for an identity card.
The invention of the ShakerScope is one of the great inventions of the 20th Century.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 in Oxfordshire have been unveiled by the county council.
Newcastle United have signed Feyenoord full-back Daryl Janmaat on a two-year deal.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a missing 14-year-old girl in Greater Manchester.
A 16-year-old girl who went missing in Cleveland has been found safe and well, police have said.
A vicar has said the Church of England is "institutionalally homophobic" and promotes policies which are discriminatory against LGBTI people.
Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as he prepares to make his Scotland debut in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen have signed right-back Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan from Premier League rivals Chelsea.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 4-2 in the first game of their Elite League double-header.
"This is Mogadishu's best beach," said Mohamed Hassan, pointing to the vast expanse of sand at the mouth of Lido beach.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare has been made a saint in the Catholic Church in Albania.
The Tate Modern has opened its doors to a collection of artworks by Henri Matisse, some of which have gone on display for the first time.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United employee has told a disciplinary tribunal she was suspended because of her relationship with the club's head coach.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who tried to stop people from blocking the view of others at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has announced he is to leave Crystal Palace at the end of the season.
A care home for the elderly in Ceredigion is to close with the loss of 33 jobs, the county council has said.
Nasa's Juno spacecraft has captured its first clear view of Jupiter.
"When it comes to data, there is no clear cut."
A Wigan biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire-based engineering firm has revealed how more than £2.3m in donations went towards the collapse of its Zano prototype.
Malaysian police say they have foiled a plot by Islamic State (IS) militants to attack a restaurant in the capital, Kuala Lumpur.
Bulgaria and New York are in the running to become the next United Nations secretary-general.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in an anti-terrorism operation.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) officer has said he was "surprised" when his medals were stolen from his car.
The 21st winning title in the Irish language, Out Stealing Horses, has been announced by Dublin city librarian Margaret Hayes.
A Leicestershire museum has been saved from closure.
Ousmane Walcott's late goal gave Arsenal victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed inexperience in sub-continent conditions as they lost the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
It's 30 years since the Zeebrugge ferry capsized off the coast of Dover.
Volunteers are helping to save hundreds of juvenile bats in Northern Ireland.
A man has been stabbed in the leg at a south London railway station.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
Three pupils at Londonderry School have been suspended after a small amount of cannabis was found on property.
Queens Park Rangers moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Leeds United.
Five people have appeared in court charged with misconduct over allegations that a police helicopter was used for inappropriate filming.
Microsoft has unveiled a video game-playing app for its Xbox SmartGlass handhelds.
The Scottish Premier League season gets under way on Sunday.
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport have been suspended after a drone was spotted near Heathrow Airport.
A prominent Bahraini human rights activist, Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, has been released from prison after serving more than 600 days.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to nine points with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
A public-private consortium is in talks to co-ordinate cancer care in Staffordshire, the BBC understands.
A memorial to the Jersey Pals, who died in World War One, has been unveiled in Jersey.
Exeter Chiefs maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered a full and independent review of allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales.
Congo reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 1-1 draw with Burkina Faso.
Police in India have arrested a writer-activist for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two planes have been hit by each other at a Detroit airport.
The number of Scots seeking work rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to official figures.
A woman who created a snow product for Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been offered a full-time job with the firm.
The number of mental health patients discharged from hospital in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
A schoolgirl with an ultra-rare disease has been given the go-ahead to use a new drug on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's under-20s game against MK Dons on Saturday has been postponed because of illness.
The founder of a conservative group, Phyllis Schlafly, has died at the age of 73, her family has said.
A company has been fined £1,000 for failing to check flues and gas supply pipes in a new residential development in Bournemouth.
If you walk into the University of Groningen in Wiltshire, you're likely to notice a graffiti.
The Ulster-Scots language was first spoken in the Republic of Ireland in the 18th Century.
A California woman who went missing more than a month ago has been found safe and well, police say.
The New York City Council has approved a bill to force topless street performers to work in special areas of Times Square.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a mental health hospital has said he was forced to stay in a council flat.
Some private clinics in England are not telling women enough about the risks of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
More people are being encouraged to take up walking and cycling in Wales, a government plan has said.
There are a number of groups in the Republican Party that want to elect Barack Obama as president.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Snowdon Race in Powys.
The Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir Kevin Wilshaw, has been asked to consider whether he breached parliamentary rules over his use of parliamentary facilities.
Shares in China's Weibo, the country's biggest social media platform, have closed higher on the New York Stock Exchange.
It's been a busy week for the Wheelchair Basketball team in the UK.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a bus in South Lanarkshire.
The US territory of Guam has been the target of a series of threats from North Korea.
A British diver who was due to face trial in Malta over the deaths of two friends has been dropped.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a rise in oil prices.
Protesters in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have taken to the streets to protest against new anti-government laws.
Rory McIlroy says Europe are not a one man team.
Four men have been charged in connection with a robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Online retailer Amazon has been accused of paying millions of pounds in tax in the UK, by one of its UK customers.
As Europe struggles to cope with the migrant crisis, families across the continent are still struggling to find the bodies of their loved ones.
It was supposed to be one of the great comeback stories in sport.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election in May after a vote of no confidence in him.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust is due to hold talks with the club's new owners.
A man has admitted causing the death of a 20-year-old woman in a crash in Gwynedd.
Wales manager Roy Hodgson says he does not have any doubts about Gareth Bale's patriotism ahead of their Euro 2016 semi-final against England.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said Labour leader Ed Miliband is going to make a speech on union malpractice in the Falkirk election.
Theresa May has said Brexit negotiations are going to be "tough" and described EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker as a "bloody difficult woman".
Former Livingston and Livingston midfielder David Martin has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent.
More than 50,000 jobs could be created by the Circuit of Wales, according to the man in charge of the project.
Southampton County Council has announced plans to cut 195 jobs over the next three years.
Ballymena United moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Elgin City.
Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-21 international midfielder Ben James on a season-long loan deal.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hull City defender Kieran Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The family of a teenage girl who was sexually assaulted and asphyxiated have said they are "shocked" her death was not monitored.
At least 20 civilians have been killed in a Taliban attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, the Australian TV presenter who has been found guilty of child sex abuse, has gone from hero to villain.
The prime minister is to meet the boss of French carmaker PSA to discuss the company's plans to buy Vauxhall and Opel.
Scotland's largest salmon producer has reported losses of Â£1.4m in the first three months of the year.
A former Northern Ireland government minister has said he will ask the Audit Office to investigate the use of a private finance initiative (PFI) in Northern Ireland.
Scientists say they have found a new insect repellent that can repel mosquitoes in three minutes.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend at a concert in Swansea.
When you think of litter, you might think of Apple Corps.
Thousands of homes in Devon have been told to boil their water after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Tom Chatfield looks at the rise of artificial intelligence.
England beat Pakistan by nine wickets in the second Test in Southampton to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland is based in a house in Belfast.
David Cameron has said a joint UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is "a work in progress".
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron, has been admitted to hospital in the Turks and Caicos after suffering septic shock while writing it.
Afghan forces have retaken the strategic province of Sangin from the Taliban.
A prison has asked the Justice Secretary to look at how to tackle the growing problem of contraband being thrown over walls.
Women priests are to be ordained in Wales for the first time, the Church in Wales has announced.
Borders Council is being asked to submit an objection to the cost of a £1.5m flood defence scheme.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said he hopes the SDLP and Alliance Party will join the new Northern Ireland Executive.
The search for the missing crew of a coastguard helicopter in the Republic of Ireland has resumed.
One of the world's most famous rock concerts has been held in China.
The British all-amputee team have become the first team to row an ocean.
Scotland has become the first country in the world to deploy a fully operational tidal array, according to a new report.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on a free transfer from Rotherham United.
Two German men have claimed to have found a Nazi military train buried in the ground in Poland.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to six players, including midfielder Mark Darby.
When Kate Balshaw was appointed as the new director of the Tate Modern, she told me that the institution was "about a third of the way down the road".
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has said it is investigating claims that it hacked the email account of former director John Brennan.
The robots are taking part in the RoboCup, the world's biggest artificial intelligence competition.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Former Major League Soccer player Abby Wambach has been charged with drink-driving in the US state of Oregon.
Spain's Alberto Contador won stage one of the Dauphine to become Chris Froome's first Tour de France winner.
Teachers' pay in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since the recession, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Relatives of 24 Malaysians killed by British soldiers in Malaya have lost their appeal against a decision not to hold an independent inquiry.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Anders Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have cancelled a concert in Glasgow because of safety concerns, the band have said.
Schools in England are failing to meet the requirements of the country's school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator.
Tottenham moved three points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Swansea City.
Celtic captain Scott Brown says his side have let themselves down by failing to produce the results they should have.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid midfielder Jese on a two-year deal.
If you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, you probably don't expect to get a pay rise.
Russia has held military exercises in the southern military district of the country, amid growing tensions over the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
A paramedic who posted "offensive and derogatory" comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off the register.
Israel's navy has intercepted a boat carrying Palestinian activists in the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Scotland's political parties have been campaigning on the campaign trail ahead of the general election.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer, mesothelioma, are to be eligible for compensation under a new compensation scheme, the government has announced.
Blackburn Rovers' Championship survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have signed former Shrewsbury Town striker Tom Barnett on a two-year deal.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to the country after more than a year in exile.
(Close): Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) fell by more than 4% in early trading on Wall Street.
A man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
The number of people in Wales who have no religion has fallen by 14 percentage points in the past five years, according to the 2011 census.
The former director of the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization, Raymond Aubrac, has died at the age of 87.
Nigerian police have arrested three men suspected of committing acts of homosexuality.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Leeds Rhinos and move level on points with Super League leaders Catalans Dragons.
Milton Keynes Dons are one of the most successful football clubs in the country.
Councils across Scotland have pledged to take in Syrian refugees immediately, according to the charity Cosla.
Ronny Shinnie's late winner gave Aberdeen victory over Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie.
A Canadian police helicopter has been accused of making an "inappropriate" exchange with members of the public.
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a friend to death in Nottingham.
Defending champion Andy Murray reached the last 16 of the Italian Open with a straight-set win over Fabio Fognini.
A man has been arrested in Germany in connection with the attack on a Borussia Dortmund football team bus in April.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil for a black man who died after being tackled by police.
Gillingham have appointed former boss Paul Pennock as their new manager on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Police in India have sent five Muslim men to jail for allegedly cheering for Pakistan in the World Cup final.
Israel's defence minister has said he hopes to end the smuggling of Islamic State (IS) oil into Turkey.
The US Army Corps of Engineers has refused to grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
An alpaca that was mauled to death by a dog in the New Forest has been named.
The family of a man who died after a bomb attack at a prison have said they are "devastated and beyond shock".
A man accused of murdering a man outside Tonik nightclub in Aberdeen was "highly drunk", a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to succeed him as England manager.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has lost his appeal against a red card he received in Saturday's defeat by Celtic.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term hipster in a joke about a fire in which a number of businesses were destroyed.
Two men have admitted attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has announced plans to build a new stadium in the Sudmeadow area of the city.
Police are investigating a visit by Britain First members to a mosque in Cardiff.
A 3D reconstruction project has been launched by archaeologists in Mosul, Iraq, to reconstruct artefacts lost at other sites in the country.
More needs to be done to tackle the problem of underage drinking in Wales, a report has said.
Excavations are under way on one of the world's most famous shipwrecks.
West Ham's move from Upton Park to London's Boleyn Ground is a major blow to the city's economy, but what will it mean for the surrounding area?
Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa, Scotland Yard has said.
Thousands of terminally-ill patients in England are missing out on vital end-of-life care, according to a report.
England's final-day collapse in the final Test against South Africa ended in a draw.
Scientists have obtained the first detailed images of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has unveiled a plan to give teachers a protected status in the penal code.
American golfer Mark Allenby has described being dumped in a park in Hawaii after being robbed at knifepoint.
Aberdeen will face a "difficult" test when they face Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Saturday, says former manager John Miller.
The former leader of al-Qaeda, Osama Bin Laden, has died, Yemeni officials say.
The Calbuco volcano in Chile has erupted again, spewing ash and rock into the sky over the town of Cochamo.
The Republican Party in North Carolina has narrowly won the primary election to replace Kay Hagan as the state's next governor.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college under former management, the BBC has learned.
The chief constable of a police force in north Wales has said it is a "realistic assumption" the force will lose 40% of its budget.
The leader of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, has posted a video on Instagram threatening to kill the opposition if they do not give him money.
The Belfast Giants moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 4-2 win at the SSE Arena on Saturday night.
The Russian state-run Novaya Gazeta newspaper has published a resolution criticising its coverage of human rights abuses in Chechnya.
Actor Harrison Ford has said he is "very happy" with the script for a new Star Wars film.
James Anderson became the first England bowler to take 300 Test wickets as he took a career-best 237 in the second Test against Pakistan.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced the closure of 100 branches across the UK, with the loss of 9,000 jobs.
GlaxoSmithKline has announced a $1.5bn (£1.6bn) deal to buy a third of Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drug business.
A poster featuring the words "Independence calls for its bravest man" has been sold at auction for £300.
The Football Association of England (FA) is in the midst of its biggest ever qualifying round.
Justice Minister Michael Shatter has been at the centre of a number of controversies in the Republic of Ireland over the past few years.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Gaby Makhachkala has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
A gym has been criticised after it posted a poster with the words "save yourself" on its website.
Breast cancer cells in the bone are disrupting the growth of the cancer, a study suggests.
Chelsea referee Mark Clattenburg has been cleared of making racially abusive comments towards Juan Mata and Juan Ramires.
Gary Neville scored a late winner as Barcelona beat Valencia to reach the Copa del Rey final.
It's one of the most famous Chinese fairy tales of all time.
Two cels depicting scenes from Walt Disney's first film have sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A man who posted a mugshot of himself on social media in a bid to find him has not turned himself in to police.
Britain's Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko are in talks to fight for the WBA and WBO heavyweight titles, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a man blinded by the setting sun, a court has heard.
Qatar has been accused of failing to do enough to tackle migrant labour abuses ahead of the 2022 World Cup, says Amnesty International.
Pictures of some of Scotland's canals have been captured using a new camera system.
Lenovo has said it is "deeply investigating" claims that it has installed hidden adware on some of its computers.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in seven years in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
Police in the Italian city of Milan have arrested four teenagers suspected of carrying out a series of robberies in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
A Turkish fighter jet has crashed in the north-eastern Turkish province of Osmaniye, killing its pilot, officials say.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will go to the Supreme Court to challenge the election results.
Sophie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017.
Playboy magazine has announced that it is shutting down.
Matt Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Macklin in Belfast.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most popular and controversial politicians.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned the force faces "far worse" cuts than it had expected.
A critically endangered species of cockatoo has become self-sustaining outside its native range in Hong Kong, according to a new study.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue his work despite a new law barring him from office.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep a small office in the home of late leader Hugo Chavez.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square for a party.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
Stem cells from the biliary duct could be used to regenerate the liver of patients with severe liver failure, according to Edinburgh researchers.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £2m if they fail to comply with agreed service targets.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
The 60th anniversary of the Mauthausen concentration camp in Germany has been marked by a scandal.
A council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after it failed to pay compensation to animal traders following the deaths of more than 40 sheep.
Livi Town moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Stranraer.
A 78-year-old man has been reunited with his old bandmates at a care home.
DNA from a 45,000-year-old man suggests that modern humans interbred with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought.
Syrian opposition figures have met in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country.
Police in Madrid have used baton charges to disperse a crowd of Leicester City fans in the centre of the city centre.
Some schools in Wales are using early entry as a way of "gaming" the GCSE qualification system, the Welsh Government's education minister has said.
Two teenage girls in the US state of Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to plotting to kill Slender Man, a fictional paranormal figure, in 2014.
The first of the 21 schoolgirls freed from Boko Haram captivity in Nigeria has been found in the north-eastern town of Chibok, officials say.
A man has died after falling ill at a house in north London.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, as it continues to struggle with its nuclear business.
Sly & The Family Stone were one of the most influential rock bands of the 1970s.
It's not every day that we watch The Apprentice.
The new series of Geordie Shore has revealed that the show's housemates were "more accepting" of bisexual and gay people.
The West Midlands tram network is to return to the streets of Wolverhampton for the first time in more than 50 years.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in contention for the title despite Mercedes' reliability problems in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
More than a year ago, Japan was hit by one of the most powerful earthquakes in recorded history.
Chelsea midfielder Mohamed Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of driving while banned, a court has heard.
North Korea has denied it caused the death of a US student who has been in a coma for more than a year, doctors say.
Alastair Cook hit his first Test century of the season as England were held to a draw by St Kitts and Nevis in the first Test.
Welshman Dan Evans retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points win over former world champion Chris Ormond in Cardiff.
Protesters have blocked the entrance to the Welsh language society's headquarters in Conwy county in a protest against the Welsh government's handling of the language.
Football Secretary David Thompson has told MPs that he would want to review the tax affairs of footballers and entertainers.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Chris Gurney says he is "optimistic" about his future after the club were relegated from Division Two of the County Championship.
The Conservative Party has announced it will not stand in the general election in Cornwall.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a house fire in Dorset.
A memorial service has been held for former rugby league player Chris Jones who died after collapsing on the pitch.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people who have been protesting against his labour reforms.
Tributes have been paid to MP Jo Cox, who has been shot dead in Parliament.
More than £100m is to be given to the housing sector in Wales, the government has announced.
Chelsea were held to a draw by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League group F tie.
Monty Python star Mike Palin is to receive a fellowship from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Prince of Wales urged Tony Blair to consider a cull of badgers in England, according to newly released documents.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car on the M4 in County Armagh.
Russian chess grandmaster Carlsen has won the World Chess Championship for the first time with victory over American Sergey Karjakin.
A former peer who resigned from the House of Lords to campaign for Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said he wants to "save our country from a Tory government".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two baby otters have been born at a zoo in the US.
National Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of breaching EU state aid rules by awarding contracts to a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a disease.
A £26.7m project to revamp Alexandra Palace's theatre has been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at Pittodrie beyond the end of the season.
Donald Trump has said he would be in jail if he won the US presidential election if he were in charge of the law.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated beyond belief" after his side were held to a goalless draw by Celtic in the Scottish Championship.
Severe levels of bacteria have been found in shellfish in a number of areas of Argyll and Bute.
Carlisle United have signed former Latics midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his six-match ban for betting on football extended.
A nightclub tycoon has been jailed for life for killing his father in a "momentary aberration born of a life experience".
A video of a Chinese man setting up a retirement home for his retired police dogs has gone viral.
A mother who died after being cared for at a hospital in Morecambe was told she was ill, a misconduct hearing has heard.
There has been a "dramatic increase" in the number of leatherback turtles reported off the coast of the UK, according to conservationists.
A United Airlines plane has crashed at Miami International Airport, killing all nine people on board, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he ordered the finance minister to set up a "defence team" in the event of a national emergency.
More than 250 London Underground ticket offices are to close as part of plans to save £50m over the next five years.
A man has been charged with assaulting a woman outside a supermarket in Milton Keynes.
Johannes Jung has become the first British rider to win the Badminton Horse Trials with victory in the cross-country event.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger."
A former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (Â£120,000) to a children's hospital in Rome, officials say.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy and Woodstock are back.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Goodluck Ebel Jonathan are vying to become the next president of the country.
Essex director of cricket Steve Silverwood says winning the County Championship title would be the "holy grail" of their career.
In the wake of the EU referendum, there is a sense of inevitability about the outcome.
A corn snake which was found in a van in Bridgend county has been rescued by the RSPCA.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in defeat as Ryan John-Lewis' late goal secured victory over Exeter City.
Exeter City moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Crewe Alexandra.
Polish film director Piotr Wajda has died at the age of 91, his family has announced.
The Independent newspaper's website has been infected with malware designed to subvert adverts.
Colombia's Lizzie Ibarguen won gold in the women's long jump at the Rio Olympics as she became the first woman to win a gold medal at the Games.
A prehistoric weir dating back 1,000 years has been discovered in a river in Exeter.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anna Wintour considers whether the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase was a war crime.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a bomb was found at his home in south London.
A metal detectorist has said he is "delighted" to have discovered a treasure worth more than £100,000.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is hopeful he will be fit for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.
England began their Six Nations campaign with a comfortable victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to help his father find work.
A charity that campaigns against asbestos has said it will not take legal action against Highland Council.
The mayor of Liverpool has outlined plans to save £90m over the next five years, according to his budget.
A football fan group is to hold a public vote on whether to introduce safe standing in England's top flight.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted a police officer in Dundee has been jailed for eight months for breaching a community payback order.
Tommy Rowe's late goal gave Doncaster victory over Colchester in League Two.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
French centrist Emmanuel Macron has said he will not stand in the run-off for the presidency in April's presidential election.
Karen Gillan is to star in the new Jumanji film in Hawaii next month.
Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Championships.
A man who admitted downloading child pornography has been given a probation order.
An exhibition celebrating the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One is being opened at a castle in Powys.
Police in the US have issued an arrest warrant for a man who sent them a selfie that made him look like James Brown on the run.
Belgian prosecutors have named a man who carried out a machete attack on two policewomen in the capital, Brussels.
French magistrates have placed UBS under official investigation over allegations that the bank tried to hide millions of euros in undeclared bank accounts.
More than half of London's families are paying out "poor or very poor value for money" from renting, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of children's social workers in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Retailer B&M has reported a drop in sales for the first three months of the year as shoppers continue to spend with value retailers.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced changes to the way it patents medicines.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has paid £5.3m to the parents of a six-year-old girl who suffered hypoxia in hospital.
It's that time of year again when the stars of Monkmania are taking to the airwaves.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of secondary schools in England, says Ofsted.
An independent review has said it is "very worried" about the way postal ballots are handled at polling stations.
Oscar-nominated actor Darryl Phoenix has said he "never want to have that experience again" as he prepares for his next film.
A man has admitted culpable homicide after punching and killing a man in a pub in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side "deserved a lot more" from their Premier League defeat by Sunderland.
Great Britain won their first ever men's 4x200m relay gold at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car in a 30mph zone has been removed from his job after a customer complained.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a compound in China's Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after it paid £560m to settle claims in the US and Canada.
The world premiere of the new film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes former President Barack Obama is behind a surge in military spending.
More than two-thirds of staff at Queen's University in Belfast have agreed with the university's leadership, according to a survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit money laundering after stealing a safe from a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being put at risk by a lack of mental health support, a report has said.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news" for Welsh rugby, says former Wales captain Scott Williams.
London is known for its street parties, street parties and street parties.
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers says he wants to be a pop star.
A teenager who was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) has married his girlfriend.
An Australian politician has called for a four-day working week.
Great Britain's Luke Burnell described the decision to strip him of his Olympic bronze medal in the men's 10,000m freestyle as "ridiculous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Rudolph says the club have refocused and are ready to start their County Championship campaign with a win against Leicestershire.
US carmaker Ford has reported a sharp rise in profits in the first quarter of the year, helped by strong performance in Europe.
A former Morgan Stanley banker has told a court he dismembered and destroyed the body of a police officer he met on a dating app.
Leeds United have sacked owner Francesco Cellino after two years in charge.
A council is considering a rise in council tax in a bid to save £580,000 over the next financial year.
Spain's Socialist Party (PSOE) has lost a confidence vote in the lower house of parliament, a day after its leader lost his bid to form a government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players are "gutted" by their defeat by New Zealand in the second Test in Dunedin.
Two ambulances have been involved in a collision with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Polish football federation president Matej Pohorecki says he is proud of the country's success at the 2020 European Championship.
Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson for unveiling a portrait of service personnel in Syria.
A new cross-border rail link between the Scottish Borders and the south of England is "vital", a report has said.
A campaign group has welcomed the decision by the British Transport Commission (CBR) to extend the Forth Road Bridge.
Over the next few years, we will be seeing a rise in the number of smartphones, tablets and smartphones being developed for the elderly.
A steam-packet vessel has collided with the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier in what was described as a "unfortunate incident".
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a new series of This is England '90, the BBC has announced.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said he wants an independent review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Julius Indongo at the Hydro in Belfast.
"I think it's very good experience for me," says Mohammed Mournes, a stoneworker working in Northern Ireland's Mourne mountains.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fire in Fraserburgh.
A man who tried to kidnap a soldier at RAF Marham was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the Sea of Japan, South Korean officials say.
MSPs have called on the Scottish government to produce "detailed proposals" on the state of local government finances.
The European Space Agency has launched a new system that will allow Earth observation satellites to talk to each other.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a comfortable victory over Hull FC.
Plans to build more than 1,000 homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed by more than a year.
Soldiers in Afghanistan have been complaining about the weight of a new body armour system.
Rangers have signed Stoke City striker Josh Gordon on loan until the end of the season.
A troupe of elves have been threatened with an airgun after being attacked by a gang of teenagers dressed as elves.
A march to protest against the prosecution of ex-soldiers accused of involvement in Bloody Sunday has been postponed.
Jersey footballer Paul Le Saux says he still does not believe there are gay players in professional football.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a Roman town in Bournemouth.
A charity has said it is "overwhelmed" by the lack of support for deaf people looking for work in Wales.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will "never stop a player from leaving" the club.
The SNP and the Scottish Liberal Democrats could raise more than £1bn a year if they follow UK government tax plans, a think-tank has said.
Former Olympus chief executive Kazuyoshi Kikukawa has pleaded guilty to accounting irregularities that led to the collapse of the Japanese camera company.
A court in Egypt has ordered the retrial of three journalists convicted of spreading false news about the Muslim Brotherhood.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in west London.
Saracens lock Kurtley Kruis has been ruled out of England's autumn Test series against Argentina because of a knee injury.
At least one person has died of Dengue fever in Burkina Faso, the World Health Organization says.
Plans for a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece international defender Dimitrios Bouchalakis on a two-year deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike in eastern Syria, activists say.
A music teacher from County Londonderry has been honoured with BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award.
A hospital is desperate to recruit nurses to help keep its in-patient ward open after staff agreed to work extra hours to save it.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a car attack by Palestinians in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather has told Conor McGregor he will knock him out inside four rounds if he wins their super-fight on Saturday.
David Cameron has changed the rules on inheritance tax.
A church has been lit up for the first time in more than a decade after it was damaged by floods.
The US has charged seven Iranian nationals with hacking into the internet and disrupting the free market.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage Brighton & Hove Albion forward Jack Roberts on a season-long loan deal.
Swansea University is to complete a major revamp of its lecture block.
Employers have become the first in the UK to offer automatic access to workplace pensions.
A man has been given a suspended jail sentence for starting a fire at a former seaside resort.
Fleetwood Town have signed Bristol City striker Ben Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said the world will see the Olympic flame light up on August 5.
At least seven people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
A police rattle has been unveiled in Surrey to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a detective who tackled some of the worst crimes of the Victorian age.
Three nurses who falsified patient records have been jailed for failing to check blood glucose levels.
A judge in Brazil has temporarily halted construction work on a controversial hydroelectric dam in the Amazon rainforest.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the declining numbers of the Little Tern.
A baby pine marten has been born in Wales for the first time in more than a century.
A drugs mule who was deported from Peru after being caught with cocaine has arrived in the UK.
A dog is to be used as a mascot for the government's new workplace pension scheme.
A man accused of murdering his wife told police he feared "jumping off a cliff" while searching for her body, a court has heard.
A performance of Donizetti was interrupted by a fire alarm at the Royal Opera House in London.
Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, has died at the age of 35.
Brendan Foley once said: "Straight over a fella."
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi-fi is running as fast as it could.
Graeme McDowell missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a final round of three-over-par 72.
A team of surgeons has developed a 3D printer which they hope could be used to reconstruct human parts.
Palau is one of the world's most remote islands.
Napoli's title hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by AC Milan in Serie A.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have been added to the original writers of their hit Uptown Funk, according to the Recording Industry Association of America (RCA).
China's President Xi Jinping has said he will never close its "open door" to the outside world, as he warned against a "disastrous" trade war with the US.
The opening of a Coca-Cola Christmas sweet shop in Leicester has been branded "a hypocrite" by an MP.
A police force has been criticised for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who stabbed his children to death.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar, police say.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed in the Israeli-led coalition fighting in Gaza, the UN says.
Great Britain's sporting teams reached the quarter-finals of the Olympic Games in Rio.
The rollout of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England has been delayed until the end of 2017.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a stabbing in Birmingham.
If you like the first week of the general election campaign, or if you don't like the second, you're in for a mixed bag.
A new water tariff is being launched to help people who struggle to pay their bills.
Aston Villa manager Marcelo Garde is expected to make his first start of the season on Saturday.
Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki from Waratahs on a two-year deal.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Micheál Martin, has called for an investigation into the burial of hundreds of babies and young children at mother-and-baby homes.
The mastermind of the Hatton Garden heist has admitted hiding a stash of stolen jewellery and precious stones in a cemetery.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of "fatbergs" in London's sewers.
Valve has announced plans to change the way games are published on its Steam service.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying for the country's intelligence services.
Comedian Clifford has denied sexually assaulting a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of India.
Conor McGregor has clashed with Floyd Mayweather during a pre-fight press conference ahead of their bout in Las Vegas.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's 4x100m relay squad for the World Championships in February.
Two men who died in a fire at an RAF base were "bravely trying to rescue" their father, an inquest has heard.
A Victorian building that inspired the novelist John Fowles is to open to the public for the first time in more than 100 years.
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history by beating Leeds United at Anfield.
West Ham United have agreed to pay up to £2.5m a year in rent for the London 2012 Olympic Stadium, the Information Commissioner's Office has ruled.
The Prince of Wales has said the scale of religious persecution around the world is "beyond all belief".
Schools in England are to receive a basic level of per pupil funding, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
The Chancellor, George Osborne, has announced a series of tax increases for the next financial year.
When I first started working with Henry Blofeld on BBC Radio 4's commentary box, it was easy to forget that he was one of the best broadcasters in the world.
Real Madrid moved into the La Liga play-off places with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's provincial government has passed a law recognising the right of Hindus to register their marriages.
Harlequins have signed fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from French Top 14 side Rennes for an undisclosed fee.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in Guatemala after a volcano erupted, officials say.
Scientists have developed a blood test that could help predict how well an individual is ageing.
A woman who was on her mobile phone at the time of the Manchester bomb attack was lucky to be alive, her husband has said.
Russia has defended its air strike on a Turkish military building in the Syrian town of al-Bab, saying it was a "total accident".
A plan to reorganise hospitals in Merseyside and Cheshire has been rejected by councillors.
Two diesel vessels have been rescued from the Dart estuary after they ran aground.
A woman has died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Passengers on South West Trains have said they were "trespassed" after being stuck on the track for more than two hours.
Four former soldiers have been jailed for conspiring to import guns and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a six-year-old girl in the UK.
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber-attacks.
Members of the Hoover pension scheme in Merthyr Tydfil could lose out on their benefits if the company goes bust.
A man in his 20s has been found dead in a street in Londonderry.
Two women have died in a crash involving two cars in Aberdeenshire.
"It's like a crossroads between two countries."
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the UK government wants to work with Europe to get a "good deal" for Wales.
Scientists have developed 3D-printed cartilage that they say could be used in medicine.
Cleethorpes Pier is to be taken over by a community organisation, its owner has said.
"On a Monday morning I went to work on the floor of the London Stock Exchange," says David Haynes.
League Two side Woking have signed former Crawley Town midfielder Bobson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Durham University and Newcastle University have taken part in the inaugural Tyne-Wear Boat Race.
Russia has sent its aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships into the English Channel.
Images courtesy of National Geographic France and Dronestagram.
West Ham have signed striker Ikechi Emenike from Turkish side Besiktas on a season-long loan deal.
Thieves have smashed a cash machine with a dumper truck and stole more than £10,000 from a bank.
Scotland will face China in the quarter-finals of the World Taekwondo Championship on Saturday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has paid tribute to her "beautiful girl".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson shot a five-under-par 66 to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
French prosecutors say they hope to reach the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps on Monday.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of a US pastor who was barred from entering the country because of his views on homosexuality.
Scarlets will not be holding back the potential signing of Wales wing Liam Williams from Scarlets until the end of the season.
Drax Campbell has spent most of his career in the Premier League, but Saturday he will return to the Championship.
Plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland have been tabled at Holyrood.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has approved a £200m redundancy scheme for the Civil Service.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a free transfer.
Maria Sharapova has become the subject of a lot of talk on social media.
Police investigating the sexual abuse of two boys at a care home have made a fresh appeal for information.
The Welsh Parliament should be renamed the Welsh Parliament, the First Minister has said.
Alun Cairns has described his first cabinet meeting with David Cameron as "very dignified".
Plans for a new £1.3bn creative hub in Swansea Bay have been criticised by council leaders.
A new breed of bee has been found to be more effective at fighting a deadly strain of a deadly bee disease.
A council has offered to settle a dispute over plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joanna Lumley looks back on the life of Muhammad Ali.
When Rob Smith left Leeds Rhinos at the end of the 2008 season, his career was over.
A Lebanese judge has ordered the release of two Australian children who were allegedly kidnapped in a "child recovery" operation.
Scientists at Cardiff University have developed computer algorithms that can identify cancer cells in a population of previously unseen cells.
Harlequins have signed Leinster scrum-half Ben Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A driver who caused the deaths of a grandfather and his wife by not braking at all has been jailed for six years.
The number of new enquiries about house prices in the UK fell by more than a third last month, according to surveyors.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said the "days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over, as he vowed to tackle the country's debt crisis.
Scarlets have suspended scrum-half James Davies for the rest of the Pro12 season after he was sent off in Sunday's defeat by Toulon.
Children's author Helen Bailey may have been murdered by a third party, a court has heard.
Britain's Adam Daley won silver in the men's 200m freestyle at the European Aquatics Championships in London.
Plans for two new homes in County Antrim have been submitted to the county council.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 66 after an 18-month battle with cancer.
Olam, the world's biggest palm oil producer, has been accused of buying 99% of its product from third party suppliers in Indonesia, Malaysia and Gabon.
It is not unusual for a Labour peer to speak at a conference in Lhasa.
A shark has been found washed up on a beach in County Antrim.
A new theory has suggested that global temperatures have been slowing down for another decade.
What do you do when the transfer window closes?
A council has been ordered to pay Â£5,000 compensation to a family who was forced to leave their homes following a landslip.
Alexis Sanchez scored a late penalty as Arsenal beat Hull to move up to third in the Premier League.
Facebook has removed pages belonging to convicted sex offenders from the site after a BBC investigation.
Aaron Ramsey scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season as Arsenal came from behind to beat 10-man Norwich and reach the FA Cup final.
Derbyshire have appointed former captain Gary Barnett as their new elite performance director.
South Africa would "love" Keaton Jennings to play in the final Test against England, says former captain Steve Smith.
The Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority are investigating former HBOS senior managers, the City regulator has said.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner after a woman was contacted on social media by a man who asked her name.
Philippine troops say they have regained control of the city of Marawi, which was seized by Islamist militants last week.
Southern rail passengers have been criticised on social media by the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a light aircraft crashed into a tree in Edinburgh.
A man who raped a woman in Cardiff has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed Shiv Thakor from Leicestershire for an undisclosed fee.
Two Polish police officers have been deployed to a town where a man was killed by a single punch.
A postal vote on the UK's membership of the European Union is taking place in Australia.
A children's football club has been told it cannot use Windsor Great Park for training because of its lack of lighting.
Taylor Swift is to play four more shows at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Ben Eden scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford inflicted a first defeat of the season on Leigh Centurions.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last five years, according to new figures.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, to protest against the killing of a black man by police.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride festival.
The trial of five men accused of the 2005 assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri has opened in The Hague.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been denied parole for the second time in less than a year, his lawyer has said.
A 15-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A South Sudanese band has called on people to forgive each other in a bid to end the country's civil war.
Brazilian director Ruben Babenco, who directed the Oscar-nominated film Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 83.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can move faster than the previous generation.
Ed Sheeran has donated his wardrobe to charity.
The head of Tanzania's public health ministry has been accused of spreading rumours about homosexuality on social media.
An 81-year-old man has died after being found in the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham & Redbridge.
Six people have been arrested after disorder at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested after a man was killed in a crash in Sheffield.
Northern Ireland striker Jack Washington has said he is "lucky" to be in the right place at the right time to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
A Grade II-listed manor has reopened to the public after a £1.6m revamp.
A couple have become the first married couple to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed a landmark arms trade deal with the world's biggest arms exporters.
The Great Manchester Run has been given the go-ahead by the city council to take place on Friday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was killed in a crash.
Essex spinner Steven Harmer says he will probably never take more than 28 wickets in two games again.
A public inquiry into prisoner education and training is to be launched by the justice secretary.
The history of dictatorships in Latin America has been fascinating.
A group of Dutch students are working together to develop a hydrogen-powered bus.
A jockey who was found asleep at the wheel of his car with the engine running has been banned from driving for three years.
Swansea council is to demolish a derelict nightclub and build a new civic centre in the city centre.
A dog has been found with its claws " forcibly and traumatically" removed from a road in Kent.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks have signed Moldova fly-half Vadimobilas from Bordeaux on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United have signed Tom Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
UK mortgage approvals rose to a 17-month high in July, helped by a rise in remortgaging loans, official figures show.
The father and son of a woman who died in a suspected heart attack in Pakistan have been charged with her murder.
Chinese internet giant Baidu has unveiled a new digital assistant that can be controlled by voice.
HGV drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving.
British number one Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the BNP Paribas Open with a straight-set win over France's Pierre-Hugues Herbert.
Former Nigerian Defence Minister Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in Abuja charged with fraud.
Police are searching for a father and his three children who went missing from their home in Brighton on Friday.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the Bundesliga.
Voting has begun in the general election in Cheshire.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against the world's best players at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take "superman" ecstasy pills after the deaths of three men in Suffolk.
Swedish economist Anders Holmstrom and US economist David Hart have been awarded the Nobel economics prize.
A cold snap has hit parts of Italy, with temperatures expected to fall as low as -6C (17F) in some parts of the country.
The European Space Agency (AZ) is to carry out a major research programme into the sequencing of the human genome.
St Helens have announced plans for a new stand at the club's Franklin's Gardens ground in Belfast.
It's lambing season in north Wales.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Bottles of whisky from a shipwreck which was used in the film Whisky Galore have been sold at auction in Scotland.
A police force has been accused of "sexual stereotyping" after a sandcastle depicting a murder victim was mocked on social media.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion across the Baltic states.
The British racing drivers' club has ended talks with an overseas investor about a possible sale of the circuit.
Two glider pilots who took part in the Battle of the Somme have been described as "immensely brave".
Brazil's Rio Tinto has increased its offer for Riversdale, the owner of Australia's biggest steelmaker, to 50% of the stock.
Opposition leaders in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called for a referendum on constitutional changes to be held on Sunday.
Leinster have signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
The family of a five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer have said they are "devastated" after failing to reach their fundraising target for his treatment.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman Automotive for $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in a deal that will see the firm invest $1bn in developing connected cars.
The EFL Cup third round and the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals have been drawn on Saturday.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jack Lloyd from League Two side AFC Wimbledon for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of a former seafront complex in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the government.
A man has been charged with murder after a shooting at a bar in Kansas that left two people dead.
The funeral of Keith Harris has taken place in Bristol.
Matt Marshall scored a hat-trick as Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Gloucester and move up to second in the Premiership.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of people who posted fake reviews on its Google+ social media accounts.
League Two Merstham Town will face League One side Dover Athletic in the FA Cup first round.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order that allows the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to investigate faith-based organisations for violating the law.
A woman who filmed a far-right activist shouting racist abuse at a rally has said she is "frightened" by the abuse.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-partner at a holiday park.
Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history.
The parents of the Hillsborough victims have been honoured with a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
North Korea has been invited to co-host the 2018 Winter Olympics by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
A journalist has been shot dead by a gunman in the Turkish city of Cumhuriyet.
Carmarthenshire council has said it hopes to make the county's Guildhall "self sufficient" after it was bought by the Ministry of Justice.
Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has said she is "proud" to see Brighton Festival taking shape.
Prince George is retiring from the National Health Service.
The US Senate has voted against ratification of a United Nations treaty on the rights of the disabled.
UKIP's leader has said she has a "concern" about the legitimacy of the High Court's ruling that Parliament should vote on when to trigger Article 50.
More than 1,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a national Read Aloud competition to break the world record for the most children reading aloud.
Spain's Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as Yamaha team-mate Felipe Massa finished second in a thrilling finish to the race in Japan.
Author JK Rowling has said she is "shocked" by the number of people who have criticised her on Twitter.
The death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti may have been caused by physical or psychological pressure, prosecutors say.
A World War I aerodrome has been given listed status by the government.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder after two men were shot dead.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff and justice courts reached 95% in 2016, according to a new report.
Two horses have been named after police officers in Scotland.
A man has been arrested after a van was stolen from a shop in Fife.
Ed Sheeran has pulled out of this year's MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling at a school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in Egypt for more than a year has been adjourned until 2 August.
A group of farmers who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to meet the Department of the Economy.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that Brexit could lead to the withdrawal of EU students from Northern Ireland.
Hull City have signed Uruguay international striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben is to be celebrated on the same day as Victory in Europe Day, a public body has announced.
A new species of wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia.
Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to sign a new contract as England coach after the final Test against New Zealand.
A convicted rapist has been found guilty of a further three rapes in Australia.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a memorial service for Princess Diana, the Prince of Wales has announced.
Lord Myners, the former chief executive of British chipmaker ARM, has said the UK government's £24.3bn takeover of the firm by Japanese firm Softbank is "unacceptable".
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC's Sound of 2017.
A Canadian amusement park has been charged with animal cruelty over the care of a peacock and guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies have reached the Scottish Women's Premier League quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi ddaeth i'r amlwg fod y pecyn yn ffug ym Manceinion nos Lun.
The owner of a Birmingham-based holiday booking company has said it has become "impossible" to cope with the collapse of the business.
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the coast of Tuscany in 2013, is to appeal against his sentence.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland remains part of the EU single market.
Lebanese security forces have foiled a major drug smuggling operation in the Middle East, state news agency NNA says.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited to the United States.
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of people living 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for their conduct in the 2-2 draw with Chelsea on Saturday.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur, called Stegosaurus.
Former Sunderland and England footballer Lee Johnson has denied sexually abusing a child.
The new South Western rail operator has been accused of failing to provide a guarantee that a second member of staff will be on board its trains.
Titanosaurs were able to cross the Pacific Ocean 95 million years ago, according to scientists.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire.
The head of one of the world's biggest banks has said he is prepared to move thousands of jobs out of London if the UK leaves the European Union.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir have arrested a man in connection with rioting at a temple in the city of Jammu.
A legal challenge by SNP MP Alistair Carmichael to a law banning him from making false statements about any candidate during the general election campaign has been dismissed.
Braille paving in Hull has been branded "gobbledygook" by a blind and partially sighted teacher.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the Formula 1 title.
Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed until the end of the year.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed Ryan Rothwell and Harry Maguire from Barnsley for undisclosed fees.
Gay conversion therapy is being banned in the UK, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
A man who was tricked into sending a heroin package to his home in the US has told the BBC he is concerned about the rise in cybercrime.
A health trust which was placed in special measures after a culture of bullying was found at two of its hospitals has been told it must make improvements.
Salmon exports to South Korea rose by more than 50% in the first three months of the year, according to the Food and Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
Olympic double sculls silver medallist Sarah Grainger says she is grateful to her parents for giving her the first ever black belt in karate.
At least 28 pilot whales have died after stranding on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of murdering his former partner told police she fell and had a knife in her hand during a struggle, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed former West Bromwich Albion striker Ben Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal.
The scandal surrounding the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme has caused a stir in Northern Ireland.
Tyrrell Hatton's Scottish Open victory earned him a place at the USPGA Championship at Royal Troon.
England's four-wicket win over Pakistan in the second Test was "as good a four-day cricket as I've ever seen", says former captain Michael Vaughan.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Jamie Hamill from Hearts for an undisclosed fee.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win 100 World Cup races.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests" to open visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and create a border-free zone from Iraq, Iran and Syria to the English Channel, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has broken down the number of new cars sold in the UK and Spain affected by the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's hotly contested presidential and parliamentary elections.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned from the touchline for three months by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's health and social care system is struggling to cope with the pressures of the winter.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Derek Rodgers has been nominated for the Scottish Premiership manager of the year award.
When Canon Enid Morgan was ordained deaconess of Aberystwyth in 1981, she was sitting in a meeting of the Church in Wales.
Former paramilitaries who were injured by the IRA in the 1980s and 1990s are calling for a special pension for them.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two people outside Jewish sites.
Norwich City have signed Latics midfielder Rijks Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and brought in Latics defender Dijks on a free transfer.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he will miss Anglesey when his search and rescue tour of duty comes to an end next month.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
An inquest into the death of a man who died after being handcuffed by police has found the officers used force was necessary and appropriate.
A man has been arrested in Washington on suspicion of murdering his family and setting fire to their home.
Malaysia has approved the screening of Disney's Beauty and the Beast remake.
A body has been found in the sea off the Vale of Glamorgan.
Australia Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has said he takes sexual assaults and assaults against asylum seekers "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have issued arrest warrants for dozens of officials over the 2009 fire at a nursery in the city of Hermosillo.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in Wakefield more than 50 years ago.
When it comes to hotel rooms, there are plenty of reasons to complain.
Sevilla goalkeeper Iker Casillas has been recalled to the Spain squad by manager Julen Lopetegui.
Anupam Mukherjee's novel is on the shortlist to win the £1m Booker Prize for fiction for the first time.
The Tomatina Tomato Festival is celebrating its 50th anniversary in the town of Londonderry.
A young mako shark has been rescued from the back of a fishing boat off the coast of Wales.
A baby gorilla has been captured on camera performing a "dance" at a zoo.
When I was a student at the University of Birmingham I was told to stay inside a hotel.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" of recruitment and retention, according to a union.
A World Cup anthem sung by England's 1966 football team has been released.
Printers made by some of the world's biggest manufacturers have been targeted by a hacker.
A teenager has been charged after a man was seriously injured in an attack in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield boosted their National League play-off hopes with a 3-0 win at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said it is "too late" for TV pre-election debates to go ahead.
The final demolition of the Jungle migrant camp in Calais has been completed.
Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in as Egypt's president for a second term.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Barnsley ended in a draw as they were held to a draw by 10-man Birmingham City.
The Open University (OU) is to use data analytics to help identify students who may be struggling and need extra help.
Birmingham City Ladies secured their first win of the Women's Super League One season with a comfortable win over Newcastle United.
The number of people arrested in the US for illegally entering the country has risen to its highest level in more than a decade, officials say.
Australian cricketer Chris Gayle has been banned from the Big Bash League for "blushing" during an interview on air.
An Italian man has been arrested after police found cocaine with a street value of more than 2m euros (£1.8m) in his suitcase.
The US and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of special forces from the eastern province of Wardak, officials say.
Universities in Wales should reflect on the "distance between campus and community", the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's most milk producing countries.
A Doonhamers concert has been cancelled because of a lack of ticket sales.
Team New Zealand beat Oracle Team Oracle Team USA to win the America's Cup for the first time in their history.
Swansea City striker Angel Rangel says Pep Guardiola has made the club the best team in the UK.
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah Matthew both won in straight sets to reach the final of the British Open in Hull.
Nine former employees of a Londonderry-based construction firm are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
A norovirus outbreak has been confirmed at the Royal Highland Hospital in Inverness.
A series of iconic photographs of poverty and terrible conditions has been released to mark the charity's 50th anniversary.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager who was hit by a car.
A ferry which capsized off the coast of Guernsey last month has been restored to service.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence after a cat defecated in a hotel kitchen.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to cross-Channel services.
Team Sky are being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad) over the use of banned drugs during the 2010 season.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from his mother's Kent home.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" in his English accent, according to University of Manchester researchers.
Former Wales scrum-half Rhys Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by reports that Racing 92 and Stade Francais are to merge.
A new range of emoji flags for the UK has been launched by a campaign group.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Bullying towards children from the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBTI) community is on the increase, according to a report.
Scots Gaelic has been used in an email scam on the isles of Benbecula.
League One side Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player Ryan Jones on a two-year deal.
Three vehicles have been involved in a crash in Aberdeenshire.
Coventry City Rugby has been asked by Rugby Borough Council to explain its plans for a new stadium in the borough.
Glamorgan director of cricket Mark Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department if they are to win promotion to the County Championship.
Leicester hooker Alun Wyn Jones says he is determined to prove he is good enough for England after having back surgery.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the season as they were beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne.
The home secretary has said it is "too early" to say whether a commitment to cut net migration to the tens of thousands will feature in the Conservative manifesto.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 11 points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make our United Kingdom work for all our nations.
A blood test that could help diagnose early-stage Alzheimer's disease is "exciting", say researchers.
It's the world's largest cruise ship.
Wales pair Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand have joined Reading on loan until the end of the season.
A campaign has been launched to save Skegness's Jolly Fisherman from extinction.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he is "delighted" that he has been granted Russian citizenship.
Defending champion Laura Noppert will face England's Paul Waites in the semi-finals of the Women's British Open in Sheffield.
Swansea City have held talks with Rams boss Gary Rowett about the vacant managerial position at the club.
Dundee have appointed former St Mirren boss James McCann as their new manager.
Two Grade II-listed swimming pools have been listed as World Monument Watch sites by the World Monuments Fund.
A chronology of key events:1 July -
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt" for his parliamentary work after missing a key vote in the Scottish Parliament.
One of the world's largest flowering plants has begun to flower at an Edinburgh garden.
The number of under-18s referred to the NHS for help with gender identity issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivians have voted to allow President Evo Morales to stand for a third term in office.
Fleetwood Town have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Richard Gormley on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Three riders were disqualified from the Tour de France after being caught by a train in the final stage of the race.
A US football touchdown has triggered a seismic alert in the Pacific Northwest, according to a seismic recording station.
Fifa's decision to suspend its sponsorship of the 2018 World Cup in Russia is a major blow to the world's biggest sporting brands.
England have been accused of "terribly illegally" scrummaging during their Six Nations match against Wales at Twickenham.
A man accused of punching two guests at a wedding has told a court he was trying to defuse the situation.
Britain's David Coulthard has become the first British rider to win two MotoGP races on the same day.
Nato forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 100 Taliban prisoners, the military says in a statement.
Indonesia is one of the world's most populous countries, with a population of more than 1.5 billion people.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales as it continues to struggle to win more shoppers.
A new genetic test has been developed by the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire moved to within a point of the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with victory over Glamorgan.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
Sri Lanka's army has released new photographs of a seven-year-old boy it says was killed in a battle with Tamil Tiger militants in 2009.
Bayern Munich came from behind to beat Manchester City and reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering two women in separate incidents.
The story of the British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa is one of the most captivating stories of its kind.
A hospital in Staffordshire has been rated "requires improvement" by health inspectors.
Bombay House is one of the most famous buildings in the UK.
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked manager Pedro Sanchez after a poor start to the La Liga season.
A US college has returned $1m (Â£1.5m) to the family of comedian Bill Cosby, who has been accused of sexual assault.
Former champion Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens to reach the semi-finals of the Rogers Cup in Canada.
A woman has died after a lorry crashed into a flat in North Ayrshire.
Five teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a riot in Carmarthenshire left police and motorists "terrified".
Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Aintree.
India's government has proposed a law that would ban the publication of unsanctioned maps of the country.
Lee Westwood missed out on a place in the final round of the Tour Championship as Rory McIlroy finished 11th.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has said it needs to raise £500,000 to buy a portrait of an 18th Century African slave.
Public hearings into the death of Lord Janner will now be held by the end of May, a public inquiry has been told.
Voting has begun in local elections across England.
Palestinians have celebrated the removal of metal detectors from the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem in a show of defiance against Israel.
A six-year-old girl who went missing in India last month has been found safe and well, police say.
Three human feet have been found in a park in Bath, police have said.
The first "smart" motorways in the UK have been introduced on the M4 and M5 in Reading.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for radon gas.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut £1m from its budget over the next three years.
England captain Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries on the first day of the County Championship match against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Two police forces failed to spot a driver travelling in the wrong direction before he killed a passenger, an inquest has heard.
Linfield secured a place in the second leg of their Champions League second qualifying round tie against Celtic after a goalless draw with La Fiorita.
Plans for marine protected areas in Wales have been scrapped, the minister for natural resources has said.
Huddersfield Town winger Paddy Murphy has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
A man accused of attempting to murder a Sun journalist in Glasgow could have been saved by a neighbour dousing him with acid, a court has heard.
Thousands of people are expected to attend a music festival in Dumfries and Galloway later.
The Church of England has said it has "turned a corner" in the number of women becoming nuns.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
A British woman who was jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her sentence dismissed.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Chesham United.
A man who was jailed for life for murdering a newspaper editor in Derbyshire in 1973 may have been wrongly convicted, a coroner has said.
A Taser-armed man who killed a woman in a hostel had "unrealistic" plans to attack police, an inquest has heard.
Former Venezuelan Foreign Minister Luis Almagro has accused President Nicolas Maduro of being a "treacherous traitor".
A fire station in West Berkshire is to close permanently after a public consultation.
If you are a Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged with drugs offences after a 16-year-old girl died after taking the psychoactive drug N-Bomb.
A New Zealand man has won NZ$1m ($1m; £1m) in a bonus bond scheme, according to local media.
Forest Green Rovers have signed teenage striker Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Commodities trader Noble has said it expects to make a $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn) loss in the fourth quarter as a result of falling coal prices.
South African police have replaced Det Hilton Botha, the detective accused of murdering Oscar Pistorius, who has been charged with attempted murder.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, Kirsty Williams, is facing a tough challenge in the assembly election.
Nato is "no longer acceptable", Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
An Iranian court has ordered the arrest of eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling, officials say.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Marianne Vos won a sprint finish to take the overall lead.
A woman has been found dead at a house in Manchester, police have said.
A pit bull rescue centre has launched a late appeal against a destruction order against a police dog seized in Cornwall.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best film at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Emma Pooley will compete in the time trial at the 2016 Olympics in Rio if she can prove she has the potential to win gold at the Games.
A man has admitted causing the death of a dog walker by dangerous driving.
A man has said he was "disgraced" when he was questioned twice on a London Underground train after being found with wires hanging from his backpack.
Portugal has become the first country in the world to allow descendants of Sephardic Jews to apply for a passport.
The Duchess of Cambridge has made her first official appearance outside Scotland.
Portsmouth moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over AFC Wimbledon.
The number of homicide cases in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began in 1976, according to the Scottish government.
Wigan Warriors will face Super League leaders Wakefield Trinity in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton became the first British driver to win the Italian Grand Prix with a dominant victory over Ferrari.
Paralympic runner David Whitehead's 40 marathons in 40 days have gone on display at the National Para-athletics Centre in London.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have clashed over the "adult way" of asking questions at Prime Minister's Questions.
More than 100 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, which has been hit by floods, local media report.
US tycoon Donald Trump has said he will sue the Scottish government over plans for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
The drop-off and pick-up point in Conwy could be widened to reduce road safety risk for foreign-registered coaches.
Ulster Bank has said it has fixed a problem with its mobile banking system that has affected about 600,000 customers in the UK.
A man arrested in connection with the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released, German prosecutors say.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says he would be "confident" of taking the club to the Championship play-off final.
Two directors of an arts organisation in Argyll and Bute have been made redundant because of funding restrictions.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (Â£1.3bn) trust fund to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
The UK's energy mix will need to be "re-shaped again" if it is to meet climate change targets, a report has said.
When the government announced it was going to publish the earnings of consultants who do private practice, it was a big deal.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a van in Leicester.
Sam Burgess scored a hat-trick of tries as Bath thrashed London Irish to move to the top of the Premiership table.
A signed contract signed by the Beatles manager John Lennon and manager George Epstein has sold for £1m at auction in London.
The Israeli military has called up up to 75,000 military reservists to take part in a ground operation against Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip.
Air Canada has apologised to a Canadian family after they were told they could not get a seat on a flight.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than any other part of the UK.
The number of flights taking off and landing at Heathrow Airport is expected to reach record levels over the summer, the government has said.
Reddit, the popular social network in the US, has disappeared its warrant canary.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a selfie competition in India's Haryana state.
Police in Kenya have released CCTV footage of soldiers looting items from a supermarket in the wake of the deadly Westgate shopping centre attack.
Hundreds of tonnes of waste have been cleared from the sea following flooding in the North East of England.
A woman has died after contracting flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home.
Flash Gordon actor David Blessed has said he was "natural" to have a baby under a tree.
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out a series of attacks on patients has told a court he did not intentionally scare them into believing they had cancer.
A team of scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, have set off on a journey across the Pacific Ocean.
Google has reported a net profit of $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn) for the three months to the end of September, boosted by a surge in online advertising revenue.
Jazz Senga won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Royal Ascot for the first time in her career with victory over Shutter Speed and Maria Terrakova.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has rejected a UN tribunal's ruling that it has no jurisdiction over disputed islands in the South China Sea.
A Glasgow University student is using 3D imaging technology to help diagnose facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been taken over by a private equity group led by Dunkin' Donuts founder Nigel Travis.
Theresa May has the power to call an early general election.
More than 100 people have been told to stay away from a council's headquarters after a series of arson attacks.
The number of emergency calls to private ambulances in England has risen by £46m in the past year, figures obtained by BBC South East show.
Liverpool scored five first-half goals as they thrashed Burton to move up to second in the Championship.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 against India because of a hamstring injury.
Ipswich Town defender James Taylor says he has no intention of leaving the club, despite being asked to clean his boots by a young player.
Police have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
National League side Heed have signed Newcastle United midfielder Liam Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" news reports that Russian hackers were trying to help him win the election.
Portugal's stock market has risen sharply after the country's left-wing coalition government was set to fall.
Northern Ireland snowboarder Hannah Potter has qualified for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.
Five men have admitted robbing a flat in Fife after being threatened with a gun.
Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on a two-year deal.
"He's a disciplinarian who didn't suffer fools."
Poverty is one of the most powerful predictors of violent crime in Scotland, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend after she refused to accept their break-up.
Jason Jones is a jousting enthusiast, but he is also a bit of a stuntman.
A UK firm has been accused of selling "hundreds of thousands of packets" of raw sprouted seeds in France.
A decision not to award a contract to run a Hartlepool fertility unit has been criticised by a council.
A man has died in a crash on the M42 in Birmingham which closed the carriageway for more than 24 hours.
The partner of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he cheated on her with "quite a few" other women.
Most young people in England are now doing worse than their parents' generation, according to a government report.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's missile test, saying it was a violation of a UN Security Council resolution.
A rail firm has been accused of "embarrassing fallout" over delays to work on the East Coast Main Line.
England's Andrew Selby will defend his IBF featherweight title against Wales' Chris Norman on Saturday.
Glasgow Warriors lost to Northampton Saints in the Champions Cup quarter-finals.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Sheffield United moved out of the League One relegation zone with a comfortable win over Chesterfield.
The name of a town in Snowdonia has been described as "Bather", "Beth-eye" by the locals, and 'Dôl-y-Pennau' by archaeologists.
Labour has launched its Welsh general election campaign with five pledges.
Great Britain won four gold medals at the Rio Paralympics, including four in the women's hand-cycling time trial.
A judge is to review the way the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Japanese author Kazuo Yanagihara and American author James McCarthy have been shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
A former chaplain of a Glasgow cathedral has resigned after it read passages from the Koran from the lectern during a service.
A Norwegian mass killer has complained about the conditions he is being held in solitary confinement, according to a leaked document.
Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 132 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Labour sources close to Jeremy Corbyn say they did not leak the party's manifesto on Wednesday.
A new drug to treat Alzheimer's disease may be on the horizon, according to scientists who have carried out the first phase of clinical trials.
Northern Ireland's Attorney General John Larkin should resign, Sinn Féin MLA Michael McCann has said.
A former reality TV star has admitted attacking a complainer at a Glasgow supermarket after she criticised his work.
Atletico Madrid clinched the La Liga title with a dramatic draw against Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
A port on the Cromarty Firth is being used for the construction of a wind farm in the Moray Firth.
A man has been imprisoned in Finland for the murder of his long-term partner in Lapland.
A Swansea man has been recognised for his contribution to the development of radar technology during World War Two.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been sharing his photographs on social media since he was diagnosed with osteoarthritis.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be planted in the UK.
The Afghan government says it has freed 110 police officers who were trapped by Taliban militants at a base in the north-west.
Welsh folk music is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year.
The number of critically ill patients in Wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years, according to a new report.
Former Swansea City boss Steve McClaren has been appointed as the new manager of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi civilians held by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
Police in Catalonia have arrested two women in connection with a flashmob in the Spanish town of Platja d'Aro on Tuesday.
Who is the best World Cup team of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal, officials say.
The chief executive of one of Wales' largest community health councils has been suspended over concerns about media coverage.
The Knights of Malta are the world's most prestigious monastic order, and they are celebrating the 900th anniversary of their founding.
Liesl Carr, the actress who played Gretl in Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A 27-year-old man has been sentenced to five years in prison for hacking into the servers of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
What do you think about the top three in the Formula 1 season?
The chief constable of Surrey Police, Cressida Owens, has been accused of "moral cowardice" over her handling of child protection issues.
A suspicious substance has been found at a hospital in Cumbria, the NHS has said.
Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Rhys North says he is determined to keep scoring tries for his country.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been released.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Caledonian MacBrayne staff have broken down.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" as they prepare to face Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 semi-finals on Saturday.
At least 104 people have been killed in flooding in the north-eastern Indonesian state of Sumatra, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of links to so-called Islamic State (IS) in a series of raids.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been banned from betting on football-related matters by the Football Association.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a flight from Istanbul to London was diverted to Istanbul.
Blackpool chairman David Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a fan who claimed he was threatened with a gun by the club's chairman.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
A Holiday Inn Express in Aberdeen has been put up for sale for £17.7m.
Andre Ward will defend his WBO and IBF light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk harming a system of fair justice, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's entourage has died at the age of 93.
Ospreys missed out on a European Champions Cup play-off place as they were held to a draw by Ulster at Kingspan Stadium.
An investigation has been launched after a fire at one of the UK's deepest coal mines left 11 workers missing.
A woman has told a court she felt "dirty and ashamed" after being sexually abused by a man she claims was a "monster".
Essex and Glamorgan will meet in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals in Cardiff on Saturday after both sides made changes to their squads.
Three of the UK's most senior cabinet ministers are travelling to Mexico ahead of the next round of trade talks with the EU.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lancashire, police have said.
In the fields around Pisky in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk there was a lull in the fighting.
Cardiff Devils head coach Steve Kelman says Sheffield Steelers are "the bad guys" for having to play two games in a row the night before the Challenge Cup final.
Singer Stevie Collins has been forced to postpone two shows in London after suffering a cut on his eye.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
World Snooker has voted to allow the Shoot Out Championship to be counted as a ranking event.
Olympic dressage champion Lizzie Dujardin will ride Uthopia in the opening leg of the Olympia Puissance high-jump competition on Wednesday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury for trainer Frankie Dettori.
It has been a year since the Ayotzinapa University students went missing.
The National Theatre's director Peter Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the theatre.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week in qualifying for the final qualifying session at the Isle of Man TT.
All around you you can see is the rolling hills and rolling hills of the Yorkshire Dales.
A London-based restaurant chain has gone into administration with the loss of 70 jobs.
Thirteen members of an organised crime gang have been jailed after drugs worth up to £4.5m were seized in a raid in Newport.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a student by dangerous driving.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract which would see them get extra payments for working outside normal working hours.
The RSPCA is to review the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Devon and Cornwall.
Volkswagen has said it will resume production at two of its plants in Germany after a court ordered it to resume deliveries to two suppliers.
Young people's bus passes would be offered to every two-year-old in England, Deputy PM Nick Clegg has said.
Jos Buttler hit a century as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced by the European Commission.
Thousands of hospital staff across the UK are preparing for a festive feast on Christmas Day.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Pirelli brought a soft tyre to the circuit.
The family of a British woman who was killed in Iraq have said they are "deeply sceptical" about initial reports.
Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of England's Women's Six Nations campaign with a knee injury.
A former BBC Radio Leicester DJ has told a court he was "probably too old" to have sex with his ex-girlfriend.
Britain's Chris Froome leads Alberto Contador in the Criterium du Dauphine after Richie Porte won stage three.
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline beat Falkirk to move to within a point of the Scottish Championship play-off places.
The Electoral Commission has published a booklet on how to register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten Glacier in the Antarctic could lose up to 1.5m of sea-level rise by the end of the century if it continues to shrink, a study suggests.
When Richard Nixon announced that he was firing the head of the FBI in the wake of the Watergate break-in in 1973, the reaction was swift and furious.
A contractor has been accused of failing in its duty of care after six workers were exposed to radioactive material during a planned shutdown.
A man has been jailed for life for his role in the murder of a drug dealer in Essex.
At least 13 migrants have died after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are still waiting to hear what happened to their daughter.
England's three-match one-day series against Sri Lanka was abandoned after rain forced the abandonment of the second match at Bristol.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Priddle looks at why politicians in England want to give away their identity to Sheffield.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after former MK Dons boss Mark Robinson was racially abused by a Charlton supporter during their 2-2 draw on Saturday.
Hibernian thrashed Bonnyrigg Rose to reach the second round of the Scottish Cup.
Scotland have signed South African centre George Jones on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at a ceremony in York.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the new ball, says England and Wales Cricket Board director of cricket Steve Read.
The Queen of Sealand has died at the age of 90 after a long illness, her family has said.
A Ukulele group has won a legal battle with a German-based orchestra.
Plans to introduce a multiplication check on 11-year-olds' times tables are to go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has said.
US President Barack Obama has said an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan may have been carried out by international coalition forces.
Crusaders have signed former Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Paul McChrystal on a two-year deal.
"It's a miracle that we can extract oil from a tree," said Dedel, who grew up in the Seeds of the Forest region of Brazil.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during their Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons on Sunday.
Gateshead striker James Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club.
A huge online gaming site has been set up in the US.
MSPs have backed a bill which would allow same-sex couples to marry in Scotland.
More than £100,000 has been stolen from TalkTalk customers in India, according to three whistleblowers.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
The Scottish economy has suffered a "lost decade" under the SNP, according to the country's economy minister.
A woman in Edinburgh has become the first woman in the UK to have her ovary re-implanted after cancer treatment.
Nick Yarris, who spent 23 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania, has spoken for the first time about his ordeal.
British number one Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric to reach the quarter-finals of the Marseille Open.
There's a lot to watch out for in the House of Commons this week.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's police force has said the force needs more officers to deal with rising crime.
Curtis has been a Swansea City manager for more than 40 years.
Liverpool's Emre Can scored his first goal of the season as they beat Manchester City at Vicarage Road.
A study is to be carried out in Scotland to see if it can prevent the development of type-1 diabetes.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
Flipkart, India's biggest online retailer, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in funding from angel investors.
The government has rejected a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the formal process of leaving the EU without the approval of Parliament.
Police in Greece say they are investigating claims that members of the far-right Golden Dawn party were behind an attack on a Greek MP in December.
Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut costs by 20% and reduce costs by £6m by the end of 2016.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has apologised for "let down" by the way Team Sky has been portrayed by the media in the wake of an anti-doping investigation.
A protest has been held in Liverpool against plans to set an illegal budget for the city council.
A north-west London school is to close its A-level provision after the government agreed to stop providing post-16 education.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is focused on making the British and Irish Lions squad for the autumn Tests.
Scientists have stitched a patch on to the hearts of people who have suffered a heart attack.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will discuss the future of midfielder Peter Whittingham before the FA Cup.
The BBC Proms is one of the world's most prestigious music festivals.
Former US President Barack Obama is to visit Ireland, the Irish ambassador to the Republic of Ireland has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he would not be on his toes if Paul Pogba had not been featured on social media.
A trial of a drug to treat cervical cancer in Northern Ireland has been awarded Â£1.3m by Cancer Research UK.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they are to qualify for the 2018 finals.
The earliest evidence of human occupation of the Americas dates back 130,000 years, according to a new study.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce has been called up to the squad for Saturday's match against Wotton Rovers.
The United Nations has warned that cuts to its peacekeeping budget would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue advancing peace.
A man who died after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire has been named by police.
More than half of children in England are allowed to go out alone without supervision, according to a survey.
Six police officers have been placed on administrative leave after a man's fingers were severed in a toilet incident.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable win over Partick Thistle.
More than £2bn in unpaid child maintenance arrears has been recorded by the government.
Russell Brand has been criticised on social media for tweeting his mobile number and email address to a Daily Mirror reporter.
Israel's general election campaign is one of the most intense in the country's history.
Aberdeen have agreed a deal with Lloyds Bank to cut their bank debt by approximately £9m.
A Chinese appeals court has reduced the jail term of a journalist convicted of leaking state secrets to foreign journalists.
The number of adult mental health patients placed out of care in Cornwall should be cut by 2020/21, the county coroner has said.
Jurgen Klopp says he is "never a guy for an easy way" as Liverpool manager.
The amount of rubbish dumped on beaches in the UK has risen by more than a fifth in the past year, a conservation charity has said.
Portsmouth defender Jack Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
James Graham has revealed he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum.
Celebrity Big Brother drew an average audience of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not seek re-election if he wins the general election.
The world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have reached a settlement over the collapse of a dam in Brazil in 2012.
Boeing has announced plans to introduce new baggage bins on its 737 aircraft.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
A 39-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Tom Latham and Mark Steel both hit centuries as Durham struggled on day one against Durham at The Oval.
League Two side Northampton Town have signed striker Jack Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and brought in ex-Portsmouth striker Chris Jones on a season-long loan.
There has been a big rise in the value of the pound since the referendum result.
Two police officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in Belfast in 1992 have been ordered to be identified.
A national review of first aid training for nursery staff is to be carried out, the government has said.
More than 5,000 Syrian refugees have been housed in Welsh councils in the second half of 2016, according to official figures.
Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to win the Wimbledon men's singles title for the first time.
A woman who persuaded her husband to take a fatal dose of heroin has been jailed for two years.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Joe Ogogo has signed a new contract with the League One club.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage five of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the race.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
A sinkhole has opened up in a residential street, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England are "far off" in their one-day international series against India, says wicketkeeper-batsman Graeme Swann.
More than 60 jobs are to be axed at a career advice organisation in Cardiff, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain's women's team won silver in the mixed team event at the European Swimming Championships in Vilnius.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Juan Zuniga from Napoli on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Chancellor George Osborne has said he has reached a deal with all government departments over spending cuts.
Daniel Craig has been described as the best actor to play James Bond.
Chris Northeast hit an unbeaten century as Essex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Chelmsford.
Quebec's Muslim community is still reeling from the shooting at a mosque in Quebec City on Monday.
ITV staff have voted to strike in a dispute over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Mott says the club must "show what they have got" this season if they are to avoid relegation from the One-Day Cup.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said that England and Wales has the highest incarceration rate per head of the population in Western Europe.
A woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in Norfolk.
The world is taking the ocean for granted, according to a UN report.
Why is it that George Osborne is now £23bn better off than he was in July?
Tata Steel is considering mothballing part of its plant in Newport with the loss of hundreds of jobs.
At least 55 greyhound puppies have been found dead in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia.
Falkirk manager Lee Houston has dismissed reports that Sunderland are interested in signing teenager Tony Leahy.
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 90, was one of the UK's most recognisable tricksters.
The amount of compensation paid to rail passengers affected by disruption has more than doubled in the past three years.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man have said they have already heard from more than 220 people.
An Australian senator has revealed that he is suffering from postnatal depression.
Smokers in Breckland have been given a free smoke break.
A student has described the "inhumane" moments she and her friend were among the victims of the Paris Arena attack.
England's hopes of winning the Women's Ashes were dealt a blow as they were bowled out for 263 on day four of the second Test in Melbourne.
An Australian woman has died after being poisoned with cyanide in Indonesia, police say.
Nottingham Forest striker Jonny Burke could "give Usain Bolt a run for his money" in Germany, according to former Scotland striker Ian McGovern.
The husband of a woman who was found dead in her flat has been charged with her murder.
A Buddhist monk in Sri Lanka has killed himself after setting himself on fire outside a shrine in the capital, Colombo.
Japanese firm Hitachi has agreed to buy a nuclear power venture in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said the party can no longer turn to the "big beasts" to take it forward.
Chris Pratt's latest film, Jurassic World, has topped the US box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of smuggling cocaine into the country.
Neymar scored twice as Sevilla came from behind to beat Barcelona at the Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a number of items were stolen from a property in Lockerbie.
It was a night to remember for Golden Globe winner Sam Harris.
The UK's withdrawal from the World Trade Organization (WTO) could have significant implications for the UK's trade relationship with the EU.
Action Man toys have been sold at auction for the first time in 50 years.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the University of Bristol's Great Hall.
Scientists have developed a 3D printing system that mimics the movement of viscous liquid threads.
Roger Federer reached the French Open final for the first time with a straight-set win over Richard Gasquet in Lille.
Drivers have been warned to take extra care as snow and ice continue to cause travel disruption in parts of Scotland.
Blackpool and Wycombe played out a goalless draw in League Two.
A man has been discharged from hospital after being shot in the leg at a house in Londonderry.
A mother and her two-year-old son have been arrested after their car crashed into a ditch in the US state of South Carolina.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in Edinburgh city centre.
A memorial service has been held for a US serviceman who died in a plane crash in 1945.
Justice Clarence Thomas has been reported to have asked a question at the US high court about gun laws.
A US appeals court has ordered the Supreme Court to reinstate a ban on gay marriage in California.
The finance secretary has been criticised by MSPs for refusing to hand over detailed planning information ahead of the Scottish government's Autumn Statement.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has stepped down after three years in charge of the county.
Thousands of people have taken part in a wrestling competition to raise money for charity.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have appealed for information about the circumstances surrounding his death.
Former EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the soap to play Barbara Mitchell, who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are suing the owners of stolen cars, the BBC has learned.
A woman who bit a postman in the leg while he was delivering mail in Dumfries has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction.
"V vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
A memorial service has been held in Paris to mark the 130th anniversary of the Paris attacks.
A second MSP has resigned from his seat to stand in a by-election in the Borders.
At least three people have been killed in a train crash in the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
Google has released a new version of its Earth system.
A golfer has been injured after being grabbed by a crocodile on the 11th hole of a golf course.
Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays to reflect its diversity.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market has continued to fall, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of having a "cunning plan" to deal with the tricky situations of Brexit, after the Labour leader made a reference to Edmund Baldrick.
The sequel to the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be made up of two films, Warner Bros has announced.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the collapse of the Silk Road drug marketplace.
A fox cub has been found wrapped up in a blanket and taken to a wildlife centre in Inverness.
Junichi Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over Takashi Muranaka.
Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
A local newspaper has said it was not allowed to film the Prime Minister's visit to Cornwall because it was "20th Century".
Police are investigating the deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow.
Ian King has been voted off the board of Rangers after the club's annual general meeting (EGM) in London.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When Gemma Foster and her estranged husband Simon Foster split up in the first series of Doctor Foster, the actress was "very, very grateful" for the break-up.
Racism in football is a growing problem in Wales, according to players and coaches.
An acting head teacher has admitted making indecent images of children at a primary school.
Vietnam has accused China of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have taken part in a pink dot rally in Singapore's capital, Singapore.
The UK economy is in a precarious position.
Urban landscapes are important habitats for insects as farming becomes more intensive, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl.
More than 469 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued from smugglers' boats off the coast of Indonesia, officials say.
A rail company has been banned from operating trains on the National Railways following a series of safety incidents.
It was a Budget delivered by a politician with "big ambitions".
Kia has been named the best car brand in the US for the first time, according to a new survey.
Six-year-old Safid is hoping to become the first child to arrive in the UK.
A daily guide to the key stories, newspaper headlines and quotes from the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada reached a record high in 2015, according to official figures.
The death of Marussia driver Luca Bianchi in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix has been described as a tragic accident.
Candidates for the London mayoral election have been announced.
The UK abolishing Air Passenger Duty would be an "advantage" for Northern Ireland airlines, according to the chief executive of one of the UK's biggest airlines, Tony Walsh.
A man has died in a crash on the A90 in County Down.
DNA tests can predict the progression of blood cancers, according to researchers at the University of Bristol.
A cyclist has been killed in a crash with a lorry in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US judge has ruled that the US women's football team is not eligible to strike over pay.
The UK government has been granted a waiver to allow Simi the dog to be imported into the UK, the BBC understands.
Former BBC Northern Ireland presenter Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Professional Philanthropists' Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft unveiled the Xbox One X at E3 last year, Phil Spencer said it was going to be a “game changer” for virtual reality.
A sex offender who took legal action against Facebook has won an interim injunction against the social network.
Halle Berry was the first black actress to win the best actress Oscar.
Newsnight's James Clayton has been on the road to Calais for more than a week.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate the governance of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Strictly Come Dancing's Aliona Vilani has pulled out of this year's series after breaking her ankle in training.
William Hague has called for a "new and strong international agreement" on how to tackle the flow of arms from militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will leave Napoli at the end of the season if he meets his release clause, a club source has told the BBC.
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill which would require companies to certify their equal-pay programmes.
Nigeria's government has been accused of "indifference" to the mass abduction of 276 schoolgirls.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A boiler owner has been refused permission to take legal action over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be cut by up to 4p, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside Henley Royal Regatta in Reading.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a two-year deal.
Bilkis Bano, a 19-year-old woman from Gujarat state in India's Gujarat state, has been fighting for justice for more than a decade.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players not to play in the second half of the Premier League game against Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is "not surprised" that HIV is so common in the UK.
More than 100 EU citizens have been sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says he wants to sign defender Bailey Wright on a free transfer.
China has confirmed it has deployed surface-to-air missiles to disputed islands in the South China Sea, according to reports.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said Europe could "completely depend on others" after US President Donald Trump said he would make a decision on climate change.
Theresa May has become the first woman to be elected prime minister of the United Kingdom.
The government is to introduce a new levy on apprenticeships in England and Wales, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two Conservative MPs have been ordered to pay £40,000 to settle a libel case brought by a former MP who claimed he was sexually assaulted in Rotherham.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a strike to protest against the result of the presidential election.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out in Woodbury.
It's not every holiday that comes along with it.
Greek Prime Minister Nikos Papademos has been taken to hospital after a car bomb exploded in the city of Evangelismos, reports say.
A number of police officers have been injured in a "mindless attack" in County Down.
Favourite Galileo won the Epsom Classic at Aintree to move up to 10th in the Coral Stakes.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by two police officers in the US state of Louisiana has seen body-camera footage of the incident, his lawyer has said.
Scientists have implanted GPS trackers into slugs in a field in the UK.
Denmark reached the Women's Euro 2017 final for the first time in their history with a 3-0 extra-time win over Austria.
The remains of a girl thought to be the first Native American to live in the Americas have been discovered in Mexico.
President Donald Trump's explanation for his decision to declassify classified intelligence from Russia has been met with a wave of the hand.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must be "professional" if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Chemical weapons samples from Syria are being sent to laboratories across the world to be tested for nerve agents.
Smart glasses that allow blind and partially sighted people to see more clearly are being developed by researchers at Oxford University.
A US-Iranian journalist has gone on trial in Tehran for allegedly spying for the US government during nuclear negotiations with the West.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have hatched at a quarry on the Isle of Wight for the second consecutive summer.
The reintroduction of sea otters to coastal estuaries in southern California may have been a key factor in the decline of seagrass, a study suggests.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the right to die in England and Wales.
A man who smuggled drugs into Northern Ireland in a wheelie bin has been jailed.
More than 1,000 infants died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965, the Irish justice minister has said.
When Thommo Nicholl's Raith Rovers beat Celtic on penalties to win the Scottish Cup 20 years ago, it was a moment that will forever live in the memory.
Physical education in schools in Wales should be made a core part of the curriculum, according to a report.
The parents of Charlie Gard have called for his life support to be switched off and he should be allowed to die.
Schools in England should include outdoor learning in their curriculum, according to a new report.
Lancashire have appointed former England head coach Peter Moores as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
England batsman Alex Hales has been refunded £4.10 by a fan who tweeted about the slow rate of interest on the final day of the Test against Pakistan.
A memorial to a teenager who drowned in the River Thames is to be installed in Bath by the end of 2016.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been described as "The Group of Death".
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped in India has said he will not have any objection if a new anti-rape law is named after her.
The United States has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale and possession of drugs.
Plans to open two RSPB reserves in Hampshire have been delayed after a river over-topped the marsh.
Police are investigating reports of "deliberate persecution" of raptors in a National Forest estate in the Highlands.
A former Royal Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences, including manufacturing explosives and storing them in barrels in hides in England and Northern Ireland.
Welsh brewery Brains has announced plans to open a chain of coffee shops in south Wales and the south west of England.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Sporting Gijon on a two-year deal.
A man has been jailed for four years for killing a fellow scooter club member in a "little whack".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Malachi O'Doherty considers whether direct rule is the best option for Northern Ireland.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has cut its forecast for oil demand growth in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to take the country to a World Cup, says ex-Fulham boss Lee Roberts.
More than half of the world's adults are over 60, according to a new report.
Derby County have signed Barnsley midfielder Jack O'Shea on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Lupita Nyong'o is to star in the new Black Panther film, it has been announced.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in West Lothian.
Four men have been remanded in custody after drugs with an estimated street value of £1m were found in a van in County Armagh.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a pensioner in Glasgow.
The father of a soldier who died while taking part in a heat test at the Royal Marine Corps Hospital in Bristol has told an inquest it was not in his thought process to stop the exercise.
Shaker Aamer, the last British detainee to be held in Guantanamo Bay, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side "look frightened and scared" after they were knocked out of the Champions League.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell more than 10% after financial services group Standard Chartered reported a fall in annual profits.
U2 frontman Bono has paid tribute to Dennis Sheehan, who has died at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Billy Shankland scored twice as Ballymena United came from behind to beat Livi Town.
Former Northern Ireland footballer David McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be available for Euro 2016 because of a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two Rabobank traders have been charged in the US with conspiring to manipulate the Libor interest rate.
Chelsea Ladies moved into the Women's Champions League quarter-finals with a 1-0 win over Glasgow City in the first leg of their first-leg tie.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) has said it is "confident" that Cranes coach Aleksandar Sredojevic will be paid all his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only person in the race to succeed Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to the president of Taiwan, the White House has said.
Harvard University in the US is considering changing its name to "master", amid a row over the use of the word "master".
Portugal reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a 2-1 win over Australia in Moscow.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have demolished tents and shacks set up by drug addicts who fled into neighbouring streets.
Martin McGuinness is to visit Belgium and France to mark the centenary of World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his side are not good enough to compete for the Premier League title this season.
Many Clouds, the winner of the Grand National, has died after suffering a pulmonary haemorrhage, the British Horseracing Authority has said.
It's that time of the year again.
The number of Army reservists has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, the BBC has learned.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he was not thinking his team were "perfect, unbeatable" during the start of the season.
Italy boss Fabio Capello has been offered a new contract to stay in charge of Russia until the 2018 World Cup.
Turtle doves and quail are being illegally shot in Malta, according to a British conservationist.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Birmingham.
A music company has confirmed it plans to make 70 staff redundant at its loudspeaker plant in North Lanarkshire.
Dan Evans scored his first goal for West Brom as they came from behind to beat Stoke in the FA Cup semi-final.
A "credible, agreed plan" has been agreed to allow Oxford's busiest street to be closed to allow more pedestrians and cyclists to use it.
Franchisees of McDonald's restaurants in Europe are being accused of unfair competition and unfair trade practices.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
When Tony Blair announced a series of measures to deal with the threat of terrorism in the wake of the London Bridge attack, there was a sense of inevitability.
Swansea City's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League were ended as they were beaten by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Bradford Bulls have confirmed they have reached an agreement with the High Court over the sale of the club.
Human remains have been found in the search for missing Louise Tiffney 15 years ago.
Scott Jamieson and Thomas Bjork are one shot off the lead after the second round of the South African Open.
US President-elect Donald Trump has pulled the US out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A 25-year-old woman has become the first person to win a cake competition with a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge.
Amnesty International has accused the EU of "sugar-coating" a controversial plan to send all irregular migrants back to Turkey.
The Department of Justice has paid compensation to eight former Catholic school pupils who were injured during anti-Catholic protests in north Belfast.
A new edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany, 70 years after it was printed.
A new primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a water pipe burst.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y UK, Jon Jones.
Brazilian side Corinthians have ruled out signing Carlos Tevez from Manchester City.
It has been a year since the murder of a Hungarian actress in a hotel room in Vilnius.
Mae Geraint Thomas wedi dweud yn fuddugol yn erbyn y cloc ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy, a diolchodd i'w gefnogwyr am eu dymuniadau da'r Tour de France.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the 1941 Pearl Harbor attack.
The UCI says it will investigate any complaint made by a rider at the Tour de France following an incident at the end of stage three.
The UK's drugs watchdog has warned young people against buying "smart drugs" or "cognitive enhancers" at university.
EU foreign ministers have agreed to send up to 1,000 troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) as part of a UN peacekeeping mission.
St Mirren have signed former Scotland striker James Clarkson on a two-year deal.
Atletico Madrid moved to within a point of La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win over Valencia.
The Wales football team have arrived in Cardiff for the start of Euro 2016.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester United on Saturday will be streamed live on the BBC Sport website.
Egypt's referendum on a new constitution has triggered a new political conflict in the country, according to state-owned newspapers.
Myanmar's military says it has found no evidence that a plane that crashed in the Yangon strait was deliberately sabotaged.
A man has been found guilty of conspiring to smuggle thousands of counterfeit medicines into the UK.
All the papers lead with the news that the EU's chief Brexit negotiator has been telling off a Northern Ireland MEP.
Hogmanay is one of the most popular festivals in the world.
Two people have been arrested after a man was killed when he was hit by a car in Kent.
Three grizzly bears have been caught on camera pawing at a strange object at a safari park in California.
Historic Scotland has put forward a list of potential locations for a Roman battle site.
Derry City manager Joey Barton says he was "horrified" by the reaction to Brendan Rogers' lip injury in Sunday's 3-13 to 1-10 win over Tyrone.
Flooding has continued to cause disruption in parts of England and Wales, with heavy rain forecast for Thursday.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he appears to shoot Donald Trump.
The first of 11 giant floating wind turbines has been moved into place off the Aberdeenshire coast.
World number one Dustin Johnson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Masters.
Newsweek, the US news magazine best known for its coverage of the civil rights movement, has unveiled its final front cover.
Russia's economy has contracted for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
The murder of a police officer should mean life for anyone convicted of the offence, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The campaign for the UK to leave the EU will be focusing on the south Wales valleys and north Wales valleys.
A man has been jailed for five years for carrying out a robbery at a post office in Glasgow.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has been ruled out of the 2018 World Cup in Brazil because of a knee injury.
Frigate carrier HMS Ocean will be withdrawn from service in 2011, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The UK economy is set to suffer a "severe loss of momentum" over the next three years, according to the EY Item Club.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Mason on loan until the end of the season and Chelsea defender Liam Houghton on a season-long loan.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour's "settlement for business" is a "sound investment not only in your own business's long-term future but for the common good of the country".
A former Irish police commissioner and former justice minister, Michael Callinan, has been cleared of corruption by a report into the force's handling of complaints against him.
The number of people being held at the Brook House removal centre in London has more than doubled in the past five years, a report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side are in "pretty good shape" as they prepare to defend their Six Nations title against Ireland on Saturday.
When I arrived at the Scottish Open last week, I was greeted with a mixture of excitement and fear.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he will appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup defeat by Peterborough.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car on the M4 in Staffordshire.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants a squad of 21-22 players for next season.
A new children's app has been released in the UK.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death with a car.
Immigration from outside the EU has a "major economic impact" on Scotland, according to auditors PwC.
Derry City suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Harps in the All-Ireland Football qualifier at Finn Park.
More than 80,000 new secondary school places will be needed in England by the end of the next school year, the Local Government Association has warned.
A £1bn road linking Cardiff Bay and the east of the city is to open later.
The security forces stormed the Giza mosque in the Egyptian city of Cairo on Thursday night.
Actress Vicky McClure has said she was "mortified" when she was thrown off a tram named after her.
Lily Allen's son has said he is "not safe" after being stalked by a stalker for years.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has asked the government to consider bringing both fire and emergency services under its authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway food manufacturer is to receive £1m in investment to expand its factory in Kirkcudbright.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association after violent scenes during the Euro 2012 play-off second leg in Krusevac.
Johnny Depp's management group has filed a lawsuit against the actor, accusing him of failing to live within his means.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the club's new head coach.
The head of the Church in Wales has said he was "not against organ donation at all".
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be central to the debate on the future of the UK.
League Two side Charlton Athletic have signed teenage midfielder Callum Hill on a two-year deal.
Matt Quigley scored twice as Livingston came from behind to beat TNS and move up to second in the Scottish Championship.
A council has announced plans to raise council tax by 15% in a bid to save £450m from its annual budget.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to lift a ban on money-laundering firms linked to Somalia.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the National League after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest level since records began, official figures show.
A Russian submarine has been spotted by two anti-submarine ships off the coast of Syria, the Russian military has said.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie despite speculation linking him with a move to Rangers.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the first time.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK singles chart.
Up to 10,000 Syrians have been displaced by the conflict in Syria, the UN says, as Turkey closes its border with Russia.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash in the north-western state of Veracruz.
Kenya's voters have returned to the polls five years after violence marred the country's first general election.
Celtic and Linfield have agreed a new date for the first leg of their Champions League second-round tie.
Dundee Airport is to close for two days on Friday and Saturday to carry out the refurbishment of its runway.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the leg outside a police station.
The mayor of Bristol has paid tribute to Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 91.
Derby County have signed former Hull City striker Tom Davies for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has been launched in the UK, with celebrities endorsing some of the biggest names in the literary world.
Former Ireland rugby star Mike Wallace has been cleared of harassing his wife by a court in Belfast.
Exeter Chiefs have signed England Under-20 international prop Nic White and Jersey prop Nic Freeman on two-year deals.
Burundi is one of Africa's most developed countries and has one of the world's highest birth rates.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients who were treated like animals in a mental health unit.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan does not step down as Scotland manager.
Merseyrail workers are to stage a second strike in a row with the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, it has been announced.
A concert by Afghan singer-songwriter Khaled Sayeed has been held in the capital, Kabul, despite death threats from Islamist militants.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after being stopped by police on the M4 in Newmarket.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City wing-back Brandon Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Jack Raggett scored a late winner as Dover moved out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Welling.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US election.
More than 150 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland following heavy rain.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of shooting dead a group of naturists on a beach in the north-eastern city of Porto-Vecchio.
Chinese social media star Zhang Ziyi has become the first woman in the world to win a competition to shave her armpits.
A former Wales rugby player has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest after tests showed he had abnormal blood readings.
At least 80 people have been arrested in Egypt's capital, Cairo, over the transfer of uninhabited islands to Saudi Arabia, officials say.
Sports Direct, the owner of the Shirebrook clothing chain, has warned that a fall in the value of the pound against the dollar will have a "negative impact" on its results.
Ed Sheeran has driven off the test track for the first time in the new series of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage has been given the go-ahead to appear on Fox Business Network.
More needs to be done to tackle waiting times for heart surgery in Wales, surgeons have said.
A former head teacher at a Cardiff mosque sexually assaulted four girls, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Czech Open for the first time in her career.
The story of Zheng He, the Chinese admiral who led the Ming dynasty to the conquest of Africa, is being re-told in Kenya.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see Oliver Griffiths join the British and Irish Lions.
Formula 1 has announced it will end its contract to hold the British Grand Prix at Silverstone after 2019.
Charles Dickens' writing desk and chair have been bought by a National Heritage Memorial Fund for permanent display in his study.
An Egyptian court has suspended the formation of a constituent assembly to draft a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which says players must not reveal undergarments that show political, religious, personal slogans or images.
What do you do if you're a porker?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its investigation into Apple over allegations of tax avoidance.
Sophie Bray has been named in Great Britain's squad for the Rio Olympics for the first time since winning the EuroHockey Championships in 2015.
Plans to revamp town centres in north Wales have been given £10m of funding.
MPs have launched an e-petition website to allow people to start and debate petitions in Parliament.
J Craig Venter, who has won the Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine, has died at the age of 90.
A health trust has declared a "black alert" at a hospital in Cornwall following an outbreak of norovirus.
Great Britain's men reached the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a bonus-point win over Japan.
Theresa May's decision to announce her intention to leave the European Union is a huge blow to the EU.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have admitted raping and assaulting a woman in a "house of horrors".
The Scottish government has announced a £10m fund to train more than 65,000 people who have lost their jobs in the oil and gas industry.
Plans for a £1m cycling facility in Pembrey have been approved by the Welsh Government.
A security guard has been hit by a car during a robbery outside a supermarket in Glasgow.
Celtic Energy has accepted the prospect of further mining to help pay for restoration costs, the company's chief executive has said.
Mae'r tân ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi llwyr ddiffodd gan fod y llanw wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag mynd ato.
Jose Mourinho's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in defeat as Pedro and Pedro scored on his return to Stamford Bridge.
The success of Channel 4's teen drama Skins was a huge success.
Police Scotland has defended its decision to allow specialist armed officers to be deployed to firearms incidents, MSPs have heard.
There is a strange phenomenon in the financial world.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with rape after a girl was allegedly raped in a park.
Robert Carlyle is to direct his first feature at the Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new osprey has laid her first egg at a nature reserve in the Highlands, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has announced.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has said Britain would have "zero" influence if it were to leave the EU.
Global demand for energy has slowed to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a report by BP.
An inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes to their families is to be held before the general election.
England scrum-half Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says coach Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Carlisle United manager Paul Curle says he is ready to leave the club if the club can't match his ambition.
Gwynedd council is to consult with community councils about changing the name of a coastal village.
A Dorset backpacker has been reported missing in Thailand.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called on Welsh Labour members to reject the Conservatives' "terrible insult" to foreign doctors and their families.
The head of Queen's University in Londonderry has said higher education in Northern Ireland is in danger.
Dog walkers in Gosport will now have to walk five dogs in two packs after a council introduced new rules to tackle the problem.
A judicial review is to be held into the handling of allegations of historical child abuse at Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast in the 1970s.
Two British tourists who were missing in Nepal for more than a week have been found safe and well, the Red Cross has said.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have reached the EuroHockey Championship's top tier for the first time, says head coach Chris Clements.
O MacNiallais scored two late goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh to reach the Ulster Football semi-finals.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic has said he will not send striker Alex Martin back to the club.
The Mubende gold mine in Uganda is one of the largest in the country's history.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his pledge to produce a budget surplus by 2020.
Voting has begun in the first round of voting to elect Sepp Blatter as Fifa president.
Three men have been jailed for life for punching a lecturer in the face during a burglary at his home.
Hull FC will face Leeds Rhinos in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
The number of licensed taxi and private hire car drivers in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
Comedian John Cleese has received mixed reviews from critics of his Alimony tour.
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Macheda on loan until the end of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joanna Lumley looks at the business model of people smugglers.
An aurora borealis has been visible over parts of Scotland.
A Sussex Police community support officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
Thousands of people have taken part in Hong Kong's first ultramarathon, which was held in the heart of the city.
A Northamptonshire firm is to close its distribution centre with the loss of 54 jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the potential of digital education in Africa.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): US stocks closed at a record high on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report.
NHS wards in England are not the only areas of nursing where the number of nurses is rising.
A number of workers have spoken of their shock at the closure of one of Londonderry's oldest shops.
Mobile phone network Three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad.
Thai police say they have made "no progress" in the investigation into the murder of two British tourists in Thailand.
Boris Johnson has said he will not run for the Tory leadership in the general election.
Virtual doctors in the UK have been able to help hundreds of thousands of people in sub-Saharan Africa.
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in north Belfast on Saturday have paid tribute to a "com composed and caring son".
When John Thirlwell first started his own chocolate business he thought he was going to be making chocolate the hero.
The US military has carried out a sea burial of Osama Bin Laden's body in the Arabian Sea, according to US officials.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 index higher.
A court in the Republic of Ireland has heard that a man accused of tax evasion is likely to be found guilty next week.
The number of small and medium-sized firms in the UK who will be exempt from paying business rates has been cut by £1.5bn, the chancellor has announced.
Wales winger Rhys Cuthbert is "very lucky" to be fit for the start of the Six Nations, says former Scarlets scrum-half Steve James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new two-year contract with the T20 Blast.
A new DNA profile has been developed in the 21st anniversary of the discovery of a girl's body in a canal.
Charlton Athletic have signed midfielder Ryan McGinty on a season-long loan from Ipswich Town.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a fall at the World Championships in London.
Israeli troops have fired tear gas and rubber bullets at Palestinians as clashes continue in Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank.
Online booking site Booking.com has said it is seeking €356m (Â£370m) in damages from the French government over its tax affairs.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has criticised plans to introduce a five-minute waiting time for its drivers in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans won stage 20 of the Tour de France for the first time in his career as BMC Racing won the time-trial on Saturday.
Nigeria's army has detained more than 100 children suspected of being abducted by Islamist militants, the UN says.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Murray has qualified for the final of the women's team event at the European Swimming Championships.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has offered to help federal employees affected by the government shutdown.
Taylor Swift's management company has been accused of "giving my work away for free" by a photographer.
A father who won a legal battle over taking his children on holiday during term time has raised more than Â£25,000.
A US clerk who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has been ordered to appear in court over a legal challenge.
There are few countries in the world that can claim to be the world's most successful Paralympic team.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been suspended by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland.
The number of school crossing patrollers in Scotland has fallen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to new figures.
Japan's Nikkei index fell to a four-week low on Wednesday as falling oil prices weighed on shares in Toshiba.
Transport for London (TfL) fares are to be frozen from 2020, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said he still believes the pound is the right currency for Scotland.
A rare opal found in South Australia more than 100 years ago has gone on display for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on a mudbank off the Kent coast has shocked the world.
Schools across the UK have been taking part in School Report's News Day for the first time.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "very concerned" that the chief of the defence staff has intervened in a political dispute over Trident.
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor.
A robot has been developed in Thailand that can tell you if a dish is good or bad.
Smacking is the most harmful form of physical punishment, according to a new report.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Paul Paver says Kieran Chapman has taken the "bull by the horns" of Redruth RFC.
Newcastle United moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with victory over Aston Villa.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed Brendan Rodgers in the race to succeed Brendan Rodgers.
The partner of a transgender woman who died at a prison has said she wrote a letter saying "I'm going now because I can't stop crying".
Thailand has been downgraded to Category 2 by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns.
The new Ghostbusters film has received positive reviews from critics, with one calling it "a blast".
A woman has died after a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire.
Buy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay a surcharge on stamp duty for the first time, the chancellor has announced in the Spending Review and Autumn Statement.
A large fire has broken out on the M4 in Aberdeenshire, forcing the closure of the motorway.
A £1m project to turn a quarry into a museum has been given the go-ahead by the government.
The Manx government has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant on the Isle of Man.
Substitute Gianluigi Imbula scored twice as Stoke City came from behind to beat Bournemouth and move into the Premier League play-off places.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by his father has criticised the way police handled the case.
Oldham Athletic have offered free entry to Saturday's League One game against Brentford, which was postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a French envoy on suspicion of raping a minor girl.
Katie Trott claimed her second gold medal of the World Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's scratch.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in Northern Ireland.
The US has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man has been jailed for shining a laser pen at a police helicopter in Glasgow.
China's exports rose at their fastest pace in two years in January and February, according to official figures.
LeBron James has become the first player to score 10,000 career points for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two teenage girls.
A film about the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich during World War Two has been made into a film.
A chronology of key events:1 May - The Battle of Iceland begins.
Six members of Australia's swimming team have admitted taking a prescription drug known as Stilnox ahead of the Rio Olympics.
The funeral of former Coronation Street writer John Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji is one of the world's most northerly countries, and has long been a staunch supporter of democracy.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" that a £10bn infrastructure deal with China has collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry.
Scotland could seek special arrangements to remain part of the European Economic Area (EFTA) as it prepares to leave the EU, according to Norway's foreign minister.
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been barred from voting in regional elections.
Somerset made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire at Taunton.
South Africa's law reform commission has called for the removal of Christmas Day and Labour Day from the holiday calendar.
Three men have been reported to the procurator fiscal after a nativity scene was stolen from a church in Glasgow.
Nigeria's governing party has lost control of most of the country's key oil-producing states, the electoral commission says.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium in north Liverpool.
Carlitos Tevez has left Manchester United to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A court has issued a public nudity order for convicted rapist James Gough, who has been on bail for more than a year.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a further £1m in donations to help fund the reconstruction of its fire-damaged building.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they beat Middlesbrough.
Bristol have sacked head coach Mark Tainton after an "extremely disappointing start" to the season.
Mae'r asgellwr y Scarlets wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad i'r Saracens.
When you think of cloud computing, you might think of clouds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Martin McGuinness looks at the impact of Iceland's financial crisis on the Cypriot economy.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during his visit to the island.
Last month, two journalists were shot dead in the Mexican city of Acapulco.
Yum Brands, the parent company of US restaurant chain Pizza Hut, has reported a net profit for the third quarter, helped by strong sales in China.
Northern Ireland is to host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games.
US President Donald Trump's healthcare bill has been withdrawn from the House of Representatives, hours after it was defeated by Democrats.
It's been a busy few days for the world of entertainment.
A firm that helped victims of the Grenfell Tower fire has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating claims it paid for a poster offering help to those affected by the fire.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison have risen to "significantly higher" than in similar prisons in England and Wales, inspectors have said.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued by a group of people who say they were misled into paying the full $25 admission fee.
Hillary Clinton has said she is a "progressive president who gets results" as she clashed with Bernie Sanders in a town hall.
Alloa Athletic have signed former St Mirren boss Gary Ross on a two-year contract.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" whether he will get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement has backed defender Alfie Mawson to continue his fine form.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Kent have been branded a "threat" by the Woodland Trust.
Bog snorkelling has been added to the Winter Olympics in Pembrokeshire.
Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in the US state of Texas.
A second independence referendum will not be held in 2017, the first minister has said.
A former police officer has told the Hillsborough inquests he conceded to a doctor's medical superiority when it was suggested Kevin could not have been alive when he tried to revive him.
A fire authority has been ordered to carry out a statutory inspection over allegations of infighting, a senior civil servant has said.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have risen after a week of volatility in China's markets.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen edged Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge should be operational and open to all traffic by the end of the festive season, the Scottish government's transport minister has said.
A hospital trust has been placed under investigation over a £7.8m overspend.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found on a motorway in Dorset.
Comedian Sandi Toksvig has said she would be "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows.
A Scottish man killed in a helicopter crash in Norway last month has been named as the victim of a "catastrophic failure".
Town centres in the Scottish Borders have seen a "substantial increase" in visitor numbers, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence are to be offered counselling and support in a bid to reduce the number of violent partners in the UK.
Wales wing Keelan Giles has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Anthony Joshua has a "chink in his armour" ahead of his fight with Wladimir Klitschko, says former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis.
Blackpool Football Club is taking legal action against two fans of the club over comments made on a fan-run forum.
A man who died after his car crashed in Shropshire has been named by police.
Derry beat Mayo 2-12 to 1-12 in extra time to reach the All-Ireland Football semi-finals after a thrilling extra-time encounter.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says captain Stevie Smith has shown the courage to play through his injury problems.
Chaz Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike Championship to five points with victory in the final race of the season in Valencia.
Independent school students in England are more likely to receive extra time for their GCSE and A-level exams.
Rugby league side Newcastle Giants have signed South Sydney Rabbitohs centre Sam Burgess on a two-year deal.
Doncaster kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a thumping 4-3 win at Stevenage.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Bollywood star Sharad Bheswakar reflects on his struggle to get Nepalese citizenship.
Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat St Helens and move into the Super League play-off places.
Manchester United's final game at Old Trafford ended in defeat by West Ham at the Boleyn Ground.
Germany will host the 2016 Grand Depart - the opening stage of road cycling's premier race.
A mental health commission has criticised "significantly poor care" at a hospital where dementia patients are assessed.
Eight people have been charged in connection with a multi-million pound prostitution ring, police have said.
A Guatemalan judge has ordered a retrial of a former military lawyer who was convicted of genocide in the 1980s.
The Oscar-winning producer of the 1976 film Rocky has died at the age of 83.
A World Cup commemorative event has been held in England to mark the 50th anniversary of the 1966 World Cup.
A new unit to tackle online hate crimes in London has been launched by the mayor of the capital.
When you start using your Raspberry Pi it is easy to get caught up in the internet.
Danish brewer, Carlsberg, has reported a fall in sales in the first half of the year, compared with the same period last year.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have said they are "more desperate than ever" to find him.
Driving examiners in the UK are to stage a series of strikes in a row over jobs and privatisation.
Carlisle and Cambridge played out a goalless draw in the League Two play-off semi-final first round.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The government is taking legal action against the new owners of Manston Airport.
In the dimly lit room of the University Hospital of Bambari in the Central African Republic's capital, Bangui, a woman was lying on a bed.
Britain's Carl Froch says he will retire from boxing at the end of the season.
The MP for Colchester, Peter Quince, has been speaking for the first time about the value of regional theatres.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Azores, US officials say.
The Queen has said she will publish a revised version of the Wales Bill "as early as possible" in the new parliamentary session.
Glasgow Warriors fly-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Five men have gone on trial accused of conspiring to smuggle £5m of heroin into the UK in a speaker box.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food, according to a new report.
A council has said it has had to place six children into residential care outside of Kent because of the migrant crisis.
Harlequins boss Paul Hopley says England rugby players deserve to be considered "role model professionals".
A man who grew cannabis on a "moderate but commercial scale" has been jailed for eight years.
Authorities in Florida are searching for a snake that escaped from its owner's home.
Glenavon have been given a three-match touchline ban by the Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control their ball in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Glentoran.
Two men have been killed in a light aircraft crash at a farm in Powys.
Kent's hopes of clinching the Division Two title suffered a blow as they were beaten by Northants by six wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Three al-Jazeera journalists have gone on trial in Egypt accused of spreading false news.
The Supreme Court is to hear a case brought by a Libyan man who says he was tortured by the UK.
A woman who was denied a visa to travel to New Zealand after her grandfather's death has said she is "devastated" by the lack of progress.
A man who admitted attempting to murder a Muslim man on a train has been detained under the Mental Health Act.
Flood alerts have been issued for parts of Scotland after heavy rain caused landslips in the Highlands.
Plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios have been described as "extremely concerned" by the Welsh Government.
The Fab Four have topped the UK singles chart for the first time in the 1960s, according to new figures.
Britain's Mark Hutchinson has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a fractured leg in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Lady Warsi was one of the most important figures in the Conservative Party.
Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal have been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Rio Olympics.
A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama in connection with the abduction of a man in Milan, Italian media report.
Mark Milkins says he is "out of it" after ending a run of five straight defeats with a win at the UK Championship.
Irish police have carried out a major search operation in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final in the city.
A new home for the Newport Ship could be built in Powys.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been charged with assault.
Two companies have been fined £60,000 after a lorry driver died in a crash at a depot in County Antrim in 2013.
More than 1,000 unlicensed homes in Southampton are being illegally rented, a council has said.
A robot that can recognise the human voice is to be used in two hospitals in Liege and Ostend in Germany.
Malnutrition is the biggest cause of death in the NHS.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has called for a march by veterans to be banned in Londonderry.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing, promising to boost the country's manufacturing sector.
Ivory Coast Football Federation (NFF) has confirmed the appointment of Ivorian international Keshi as its new national team coach.
Human remains believed to be those of missing mother-of-two Michelle Tiffney have been found in Fife.
Oldham Athletic manager Paul Robinson says the club's transfer embargo should be cleared by the end of the week.
A tipper truck has crashed into a house, killing a homeowner and injuring several others.
Kris Nordtveit and Joachim Elyounoussi scored as Northern Ireland were beaten 3-0 by Norway in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A man has been shot dead at a party in Surrey, police have said.
David Cameron has said he has "unanimous support" for a package of reforms to the UK's membership of the EU.
A discount scheme for young people to travel on bus routes in Wales has been scrapped.
A woman who embezzled more than £587,000 from a North Sea oil and gas company has been ordered to pay back almost £500,000.
Aberdeen-based engineering firm Aker has announced plans to cut up to 650 jobs.
The UK's tax authority is considering expanding its powers to crack down on the "hidden economy".
Do you know some of the biggest hauls in the world?
It's been a viral hit in Japan, with one of the country's most popular songs being performed with a pen.
A rugby player who died after a collision with an opponent has donated her organs to charity.
Leicester City's unbeaten start to the Premier League season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were two of the most influential artists in New York in the 1980s.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over violence at the Euro 2016 qualifier between England and Lithuania on Saturday.
Newport County chairman John Foxall says the club have a contract to use Rodney Parade as a rugby venue.
Scottish golfer Mark Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot this winter to repair the damage caused by his recent injury.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" on a website encouraging other men to masturbate has been jailed for six years.
The Irish embassy in the US has warned that the film The Quiet Man would be seen as a "rollicking farce" if it were to be taken completely at face value.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend.
Australian police are investigating the murder of an Italian lawyer in Melbourne.
Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player David Flower.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A motorist has been reunited with his mobility scooter after being stopped by police on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre in South Sudan.
Derek McInnes says Shay Logan's family situation was a factor in his decision to sign a new contract with Pittodrie.
A memorial service has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account after being criticised for his portrayal of female characters.
The Organisation for the Development of Children in Need (OLPC) has received a $1.5m (Â£1.3m) grant to develop its next laptop.
The US Copyright Office has ruled that car owners are entitled to modify their vehicles' software.
American Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a mild heart attack during the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
England were knocked out of the Women's World Twenty20 as they lost to Australia by nine wickets in the semi-finals in Mumbai.
Oil prices have fallen sharply in the wake of a decision by OPEC members to keep production at record high levels.
The Soloist building in Belfast has been bought by a London-based firm.
When US Secretary of State John Kerry meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington this week, he is likely to be asked whether the former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden is on the agenda.
Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a three-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
On the outskirts of the city of Malakal, in the north-east of South Sudan, the sun is shining brightly.
When the acid attack on her son in 2012 left him blind in one eye, his mother called her "the most beautiful woman in the world".
The deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Theresa May's speech on the eve of the general election was very much the same as the one she delivered on the same day last year.
Scotland is to introduce mandatory nursing and midwifery staffing levels.
Ukrainian officials have denied that far-right parties exist in the country.
Greece has failed to reach a deal with its international creditors, the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The family of five-year-old Ashya King, who has a rare form of leukaemia, have told the BBC they are concerned about his future.
Dogs should be kept on lead on public roads and pavements in Wrexham, a council has said.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A470 in Gwynedd.
Matt Carson's first-half goal earned Portsmouth a goalless draw with Hartlepool in League Two.
A turtle that washed up on a beach on the Isle of Wight has been saved by vets.
Rohit Singh is a 10-year-old boy who spends almost 10 hours a day fishing out coins from the banks of the Gandak river in the northern Indian state of Bihar.
The drink-driving limit in England and Wales could be lowered to a new level, according to the Alcohol Health Alliance.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate the deaths of Sian Blake and her two young sons.
Motherwell have signed former Real Madrid and Real Madrid midfielder David Pearson on a two-year deal.
A five-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father revealed he had undergone the procedure has returned to school.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed former NFL player Kadeena Welter as their new head coach.
The UK should stop talking about the EU in terms that people don't understand, a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on his claim that $400m (£300m) was sent to Iran as a ransom payment.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say.
DUP MLA Jonathan Bell has said he has "never had any personal financial interest" in a controversial renewable energy scheme.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over its coverage of the city.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted to hold interest rates at 0.5%.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he has "grown" as he prepares for Friday's one-day international against West Indies in Barbados.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the issue of the EU, MP Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a new technology park for the University of Bognor Regis have been unveiled.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored a hat-trick as Saracens thrashed Oyonnax to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions Cup.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase through Sussex has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Actress Angelina Jolie and fashion designer Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC's Woman's Hour Power List 2015.
In 1997, John Choe was asked to open his first hotel in Singapore.
Derby County missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Brentford.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Tony Blair says the club will be working hard to retain the best players in the squad this summer.
Olympic track cyclist Dame Sarah Storey has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1 motorway.
West Ham captain Sam Allardyce has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City still have time to "put things right" despite being booed off the field.
Up to 10cm of snow has fallen in parts of England, with some parts of the country experiencing avalanches.
Archaeologists in the UK have discovered the remains of a plague victim buried in a cave in the Vale of Glamorgan.
A County Antrim primary school has reopened after a two-year-old boy was seriously injured in a collision with a lorry.
US airline Delta has become the latest airline to ban the shipment of hunting trophies following the killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos head coach Nigel Wood says the Rugby Football League needs a "credible plan" to ensure the sport continues to progress in the capital.
EU leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis, as thousands of migrants arrive on the continent.
A 28-year-old police officer has been arrested after an anonymous tip-off in which an officer was to be kidnapped.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a parade in New Orleans, police say.
Southend Council and Visit Southend have offered a free night in the seaside resort following comedian Danny O'Grady's comments on The Apprentice.
It is not every day that you get a job delivering healthy snacks in a letter box.
There are many ways to measure the impact of the Obama presidency on the US economy.
The Archbishop of South Africa has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
Monarch Airlines has said it is still struggling to cope with the impact of the terror attacks in Paris.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a teenager in a Dumfries and Galloway village.
Shares in Tesla have risen after the carmaker announced it was increasing production.
"I have only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have signed full-back Luke Arscott from Bath on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A primary school in Bristol has banned pupils from playing a game of tag.
Northern Ireland's economy is expected to grow at its slowest pace for more than two years in 2015, according to a new report.
"I can never get those years back," said the mother of Azelle Rodney, who was shot dead by police in south London nine years ago.
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a factory in Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans for a giant dragon sculpture in Wrexham have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing".
A witness has told a court she was sexually abused and forced to have sex most days in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to be "simple, balanced, consistent and capable" of seeing and doing what is essential in life.
A court in China's Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur activist Tohti.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has survived his first zip wire experience at the Paralympics.
Reading are out of the EFL Cup after being held to a goalless draw by Fulham.
Northern Ireland's Six Nations match against the Republic of Ireland has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Middlesbrough manager Derek Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 2-1 defeat by Hull City.
At least four people have been killed in a shootout with police in northern Mexico, officials say.
What kind of message does it send to young people to have no sixth forms offering A-levels?
The Lion King is among 25 films to be inducted into the US National Film Library's Hall of Fame.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he is relishing the prospect of playing against New Zealand and Australia.
A woman accused of indecently assaulting her brother has told a court she was "hoping to get money" from her alleged abuser.
Ireland were whitewashed 3-0 by Afghanistan in the Intercontinental Cup match in India on Saturday.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a knife attack at a school.
Bristol Rovers missed the chance to go top of the Scottish League One table as they were held to a draw by Northampton Town.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has backed the idea of amateur boxers competing at the Olympics in Rio.
A dawn service has been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran, following the country's rise to prominence in the Middle East.
This summer's GCSE results will be the last to be marked under the new grading system, says the exam regulator Ofqual.
Three companies have been shortlisted for two new rail franchises in the north of England, the government has announced.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat overturned in Brixham harbour.
Two human rights groups have called for the remit of a historical abuse inquiry to be widened.
Intel has reported a fall in third-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with slowing demand for its server-chips.
The prime minister is to discuss whether the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia.
The Welsh government has secured £2.7m to help attract new airlines to the country.
A letter written by a first-time mum has been left in a supermarket bag by a stranger.
At least 22 people have been killed in two suicide bomb attacks in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
A maternity unit is to be introduced at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness, the health board has announced.
The new curriculum for secondary school in Scotland has been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth about her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for £14,400.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has spent most of her life in the Rhondda.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow Airport could fall significantly over the next decade, according to a new study.
Great Britain's Davis Cup final against Belgium next week will go ahead despite a security alert in the country, says the Federation of Tennis Associations (FTF).
At least 10 people have been killed after a plane crashed into a minivan at a busy airport in Ghana's capital, Accra.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 20-year-old man in Brighton.
She is the daughter of former prison officer David McClarty and has been appointed justice minister for Northern Ireland.
Bristol Rovers manager Lee Clarke says he does not fear for his job after the club's owners completed their takeover.
Japan's labour agency Dentsu has been charged over the death of a woman who worked 100 hours of overtime a month.
It's the start of the second round of the FA Cup.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and writer Sola Kwesi Nkurunziza considers the lack of maintenance in the country.
A cyclist has died after collapsing during a charity bike ride.
Permian, Khalidi and Cracksman are among three horses to be added to the £1.625m purse for the Cheltenham Gold Cup at Aintree.
UK manufacturing output fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
Three people have been killed in a shooting at a nightclub in the French capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has signed a new two-year contract with Paris St-Germain.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" at the club.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Ireland striker Michael Morrison on a two-year deal.
The British Grand Prix was the most popular sporting event in the UK in 2015, according to research by Deloitte.
A dentist who put crowns on eight of his patients' teeth has been banned from practising dentures.
Costa Cruises captain Massimo Schettino has been found guilty of causing the sinking of his ship, the Costa Concordia.
At London 2012, 12 British Olympians won medals.
Jade Jones could become the next Ronda Rousey when she competes at the 2020 Olympic Games, says Welsh taekwondo coach John Johns.
A collection of photographs has gone on display in Brighton's No Walls Gallery.
Worcestershire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A rail operator has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates in the valleys.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology to adjust the dimensions of objects.
In the centre of Latvia's capital, Riga, hundreds of people are marching through the streets of the capital, Latvian capital.
Plans to protect areas at risk of flooding in north Wales have been put in place by the Met Office.
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of former opposition leader Eduardo Cunha, as part of a corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Waters has been featured in a new film about life changing moments in the lives of people of all ages, abilities and walks of life.
Theresa May's letter to the prime minister outlining the return of devolved powers to the UK has been described as "unacceptable" by the first minister.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight the militant Islamist group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
A fishing vessel captain has been fined £20,000 after a man collapsed and died on a petrol pump in the North Sea.
Welsh MPs should be allowed to speak in the House of Commons on English and Welsh issues, an MP has said.
Police investigating a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim have said they have found a "substantial number" of explosive devices.
At least 35 people have been killed in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, local media report.
A chronology of key events:1 July -
Wales midfielder Ben Vokes says his side have been "unluckily unlucky" in their World Cup qualifying campaign.
Former NFL star OJ Simpson has begun a hearing in Las Vegas on whether to appeal against his conviction for the murder of his former girlfriend in 2007.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Conor Sammon on a two-year deal.
German cyclist Andreas Kreuziger has been cleared to race in the Tour de France after being cleared of doping.
The Stakeknife inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people in Northern Ireland is being used as a political football to beat the British government, it has been claimed.
A farmer has criticised supermarket Tesco for using an "inappropriate" image of him pulling carrots on his organic farm.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited Facebook's headquarters in Menlo Park, California, to announce his support for digital India.
Alex McLeish has been appointed as the new coach of Egyptian side Zamalek.
Eritrea's government has been accused of human rights abuses by the United Nations, which says it is responsible for a record number of migrants crossing the Mediterranean.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video emerged of a street brawl in which punches were thrown.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role in Poldark, has died at the age of 90.
Environmental groups WWF Scotland and Star Renewable Energy have called for district heating to be more widely used in Scotland.
People who leave rubbish outside wheelie bins in Flintshire will face fines of up to £10,000.
The family of a student who died in a crash have paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Thomas looks at the challenges faced by tourists in Europe.
A music festival has been cancelled due to "extremely severe weather conditions", the Met Office has said.
India's Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers and Gambhir Rahman will captain Rising Pune Supergiants in the Indian Premier League.
Google has developed a new way to deliver internet connectivity to rural areas.
Plans for a new Army support depot in Gloucestershire have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it has seized more than £100,000 worth of drugs in a three-month campaign.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been found at a block of flats in Edinburgh.
Remaining in the European Union would reduce net migration to the UK by perhaps 100,000 a year, a think tank has said.
The government has been ordered to admit it is in breach of EU air quality rules, a High Court judge has ruled.
A judge in the US state of Maryland has ordered lawyers to submit new evidence in the murder trial of serial killer Khalid Syed.
Three pieces of gold worth more than £1,000 have been found in a treasure hunt in Wiltshire.
A diver who drowned after failing to use his own diving equipment has been jailed.
A man has died in a house fire in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is a "key player" in the Premier League.
The Stormont Executive has been given the power to issue a draft budget until the end of the financial year.
The father of a British toddler detained in Iran is to present a birthday card to his daughter in London.
Scientists in California say they have made the first human foetus to be born.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has visited Zimbabwe's capital, Pretoria, for the first time since the country's independence.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous novels of all time.
Christmas tree lighting in Caerphilly town centres has been cancelled because of budget cuts.
Marseille owner Jacques McCourt has confirmed he is set to buy the Ligue 1 club for an undisclosed fee.
Sir Chris Hoy has been elected as the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
A woman who was taken to Saudi Arabia by her father has been ordered to return to England or Wales by 11 September.
Cafodd y goeden Bwylaidd 1,400 yn fwy o bleidleisiau yn dilyn ymgyrch gan deulu o Iddewon yng Ngwlad Pwyl.
MPs are to debate plans to allow English MPs to vote on laws affecting England only.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a new study.
The Northern Ireland Executive's plan to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland has been put on hold.
Plans to expand Oxford's tram system have gone on display.
Gay rights activists in Russia's Chechnya region have told the BBC they are being evacuated from a detention centre for gay men, amid reports of a crackdown on gay people.
Lewis Hamilton says there is an "urgent urgency" to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in Sunday's Russian Grand Prix.
Russia has enacted a law that restricts access to social media sites, including the blog of opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
Spanish police have arrested more than 100 suspected Chinese nationals suspected of running a fake textile trade.
Six people have been killed in a stabbing on a train in Berlin, Germany, police say.
Nottingham Forest manager Andrew RT Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club.
Mo Farah won the 10,000m for the first time in his career as Ethiopia's Muktar Edris won the 4x100m relay title.
The wife of former Prime Minister David Cameron has said her son's death changed her life.
Police are warning people to be very, very careful when answering cold calls after two con victims in the Highlands.
A Catholic priest who carried out the last rites of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1988 has died.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola says he is "the coach of extraordinary players" after his side reached the Champions League semi-finals.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to take part in a bid to secure the future of the dairy industry.
A woman has died and a five-year-old girl has been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a lorry.
Fifa has approved tougher anti-racism measures, including five-match bans for players who commit racist offences.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-year deal.
A man has died in a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
New Zealand head coach Steve Owens says he will retire from international rugby at the end of the season.
Five people have been charged in connection with the death of an Israeli man in the occupied West Bank in October, Israeli officials say.
Kaka has been named in Brazil's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the possibility of closing its control room in Dundee.
A man has appeared in court charged with assaulting a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Cardiff AMs are considering banning letting agent fees.
Plastic surgeons in England are to be given a two-week cooling-off period before deciding whether to carry out cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards' late penalty earned Arsenal a dramatic FA Cup quarter-final win over Blackburn.
Howler monkeys have a trade-off between having bigger vocal folds and producing lots of sperm, a study suggests.
Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison in the US for hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account.
Plans for a truck stunt event at Cardiff Central railway station have been approved by the assembly.
The head of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has said it is likely some survivors will apply to give evidence to the inquiry.
An Indian man who was beaten up by a man in his shop has told the BBC he fears for his life.
More Welsh-speaking teachers are to be recruited in Wales as part of a drive to improve the education system.
Three nurses have been given caution orders over the treatment of a man who suffered a brain haemorrhage.
A snowman and a tortoise have been donated to Surrey council to help meet its target of recycling 50% of household waste.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump tweeted that the Paris attacks would have a "big effect" on the French election.
A US military base in Washington state has been charged with the murder of a soldier who was killed in a car chase last week.
BBC Radio 1 DJ David James has become the latest celebrity to receive degrees from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A charity which helps people clean up the Isle of Man's beaches has been awarded a £1m grant from the government.
Britain's James Ward produced a stunning comeback to beat John Isner and reach the quarter-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into a Dundee prison has been jailed for five years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University following concerns about the storage of chemicals.
Gambling revenue in Macau reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened an exhibition in Athens, documenting his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq War is to be questioned by MPs over the length of time it took to complete its work.
Mae fynd fyny'r grisiau ac i mewn i'r ystafell wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser yn y gorffennol.
The pound has fallen to new lows against the dollar after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
There has been a "startling disconnect" between policies encouraging whistleblowing and what happens in practice, MPs have said.
Sydney Harbour has switched off its lights for the first time in more than a decade as part of a campaign to promote renewable energy.
The funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who died in North Korea last week, has taken place in the US state of Ohio.
World number one Harry Maguire says he is "embarrassed" by his failure to qualify for the second round of the World Championship.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a setback in her bid for a fourth term in office after her anti-immigration party failed to win a majority in regional elections.
One in four men in the world is a daily smoker, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the drivers of not putting on a "very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined £1m after a chemical was released into the air.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are to meet the prime minister in London to discuss a deal to restore power-sharing.
Mullah Mansour, the new leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed in a gunfight in the north-western province of Quetta, reports say.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer.
A man who was found dead at a house in Leicestershire has been named by police.
A man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in Glasgow city centre.
Ticket restrictions have been lifted at Chester's pre-season friendly with Wrexham.
Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two-year deal following his release by West Bromwich Albion.
Police have appealed for witnesses after paint was sprayed on the front of the Royal Albert Hall in Belfast.
Ecuador is to protest against the UK's decision to pay for policing around its embassy in London.
There is a sense of urgency in the Middle East about the prospects of a negotiated solution to the crisis in Syria.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating the absence of Algeria's goalball team from the Rio Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach Europe by boat.
Plans for a new tennis court for Buckingham Palace have been lodged with the council.
The UK government's resettlement programme for Syrian refugees is facing "significant challenges", the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a satellite into orbit around the Sun.
It's been a busy week for the Scottish government.
The Northern Ireland economy grew in the first quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Rowing is a sport which is more than a decade older than football but the Edinburgh-Glasgow University Boat Race is set to be one of the oldest in the world.
Nationwide has reported a fall in mortgage lending in the first quarter of the year.
A Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian jet in Turkey last month has found no evidence that the plane was shot down, officials say.
Kent have signed South African all-rounder Sean Dickson on a free transfer.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who was badly burned when he was hit by a barbecue has said she felt "relatively helpless".
A Labour MP is to warn that the EU referendum could be the "second-longest suicide note" in the party's history.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Sepp Blatter has been sacked as president of world football's governing body Fifa.
A lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World's theme park in Florida after a boy was killed by an alligator.
Michael Gove has said he would have sacked Theresa May if he had been in her shoes.
Scotland's top law officer has said it would not be in the interests of the UK to turn its back on criminal justice co-operation with Europe.
A court in India has ordered Bollywood star Salman Khan to stand trial for culpable homicide after a car crashed into a bakery in Mumbai in 2002.
Residents of a new housing development in Leicester have said they wish they had moved there because of the lack of broadband.
An Australian man has been jailed for life for helping seven men travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group.
GPs in England are being forced to cut the number of consultations they offer to patients by up to 10 minutes, the British Medical Association has said.
New distilleries in Scotland and England are experiencing a "period of explosive creativity", according to a new report.
Changes to grant funding to the Welsh Government could have a "large negative impact" on the Welsh budget, experts have warned.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has said the Sewol ferry will be raised at the earliest possible date.
A man who shot dead a police marksman was tied up and threatened to kill himself, an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Ryan Fitzpatrick share the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
The number of parks in the UK is at a "tipping point" and council budgets are at risk of "turning the clock back to an era of neglect", MPs have warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised on social media for his "social media diplomacy".
A library has returned a rare 18th Century book to a Hereford cathedral school.
Hull City striker Lucas Clucas has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
The family of a woman who died after suffering a miscarriage at a hospital in Italy has accused a gynaecologist of negligence.
US rock band Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against the owners of the band, alleging they failed to keep accurate accounts of fan club activity.
Nick Kyrgios beat Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A man has been jailed for life for raping a woman in the 1970s.
Work is to begin on a major resurfacing project at one of Scotland's busiest container ports.
An invader of bluebell bulbs in Dumfries and Galloway has been eradicated.
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the company behind a popular hunting TV channel to remove all content related to trophy hunting.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
A man who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Wight has been named.
A man who carried out a "highly dangerous" attack on a Greek tourist has been jailed for life.
Former Aberdeen assistant manager Tom Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up for the World Cup qualifiers in Russia.
The first group of Syrian refugees is to arrive in Northern Ireland in mid-December.
A woman who caused the death of a 50-year-old woman by driving into the face of on-coming traffic has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third stage of the Tour de Yorkshire as he retained his overall lead.
A charity has said there is a "gap" in knowledge and confidence among transgender young people in Scotland.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Barcelona striker Neymar has appeared in court in Spain accused of defrauding a Spanish tax office out of millions of dollars.
Postal ballot papers for the general election in Hull have been sent out without the full list of candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he is "excited" about the prospects of the Six Nations after Shane Williams' final try.
It's not every day you hear a football pundit talking about his exploits on the pitch.
A company has said it will sue the National Trust over its refusal to allow it to survey land for shale gas.
Five men have been arrested in a series of drugs raids in Staffordshire, police have said.
Manchester City have signed Tottenham defender Kyle Walker for £50m.
A racoon has been rescued after jumping from the roof of a house.
A dog has been stolen from a pet grooming centre in Aberdeen.
A Rwandan man has been extradited to Canada to face charges of inciting violence during the 1994 genocide.
Leaving the European Union would make the UK less attractive to international students, according to a survey.
A father in Australia has been jailed for seven and a half years for sexually abusing a 14-year-old girl.
The Serial podcast is to be turned into a TV show.
The current council tax system in Scotland is "unfair", according to a report.
More than 200 hens have been rescued from the clutches of supermarkets in Wrexham after being unable to lay eggs.
Hull FC have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man whose remains were found in a lay-by may not have been murdered, police have said.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football.
A faulty gene is linked to an increased risk of a stroke in the Caucasian population, UK researchers say.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney charged with the murder of a police officer in the Australian city.
Google has announced it is shutting down its Explorer programme for its Glass smart glasses.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has ordered a major overhaul of the country's security apparatus, state media report.
A farm supplies firm has reported a rise in profits and turnover, despite the impact of Brexit.
US President Donald Trump has said he will have to see whether special counsel Robert Mueller should recuse himself from the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election.
The Isle of Wight Council has called on the government to rethink its policy on term-time holidays after a High Court ruling that a father took his daughter on holiday to Disney World.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza's wife has been shot in the head in the capital, Burundi, police say.
Mobile phone operators O2 and Vodafone are to meet to discuss how to speed up the rollout of 4G services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
The Football League has unveiled draft proposals for a shake-up of the fixture schedule in England.
The government's immigration rules have led to the loss of 52 jobs in the Indian restaurant industry, according to the head of a catering recruitment agency.
England captain Chris Robshaw says his side's discipline was "shocking" as they were beaten by France in their final warm-up game.
A batch of Bombay Sapphire gin has been recalled in Canada after it was found to be too high.
Professional boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering severe bleeding to his brain during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has agreed to fix a software glitch that could lead to higher pollution levels.
Scientists have developed a new mix of cement that will be able to keep radioactive waste in the atmosphere for at least 2,000 years.
All the results from the Division Two games between Pembroke and Bready on Saturday.
A man has admitted throwing a corkscrew at Clacton fans during a football match.
The Public Prosecution Service (PEN) has announced a boycott of a US literary event in protest at the publication's depiction of the Prophet Mohammed.
The NHS in England should not be paying more than 55% above normal shift rates for agency staff, the health regulator has said.
A glass factory in County Antrim is to close with the loss of 50 jobs, the union Unite has said.
Poundland has spent three times in the past five years opening discount stores in the UK.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a barrier on an island.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found unconscious at a flat in County Antrim.
The world's first contraceptive device has been unveiled in Burkina Faso.
The police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland has reopened investigations into more than 150 historical cases, the first step in rebuilding confidence in the office.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
Gusts of up to 70mph (113km/h) have caused major disruption in parts of Wales.
A soldier has been killed and four others injured in a crash involving a tank in South Korea, the army says.
Michael Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the investigation into Russia's handling of the Magnitsky scandal, has died at the age of 87.
Connacht's hopes of a top-four finish in the Pro12 suffered a blow as they were beaten by the Ospreys at Kingspan Stadium.
It's been almost a year since Billy O'Connell was seriously injured in a motorbike accident.
A Sunderland DIY music shop that was hailed as one of the best in the UK has closed after it was sold for student accommodation.
Luton Town have offered new contracts to four players.
Algeria have completed the signing of France international Karim Benzia from Lille on a two-year deal.
England women's netball team have signed new central contracts, which will allow them to compete against professional teams.
South Wales Police has been re-elected as the police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimicks the ability of folic acid to latch on to cancer cells has shown promise in early stages of ovarian cancer, say researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released a CCTV video of the last time she was seen.
When The KLF announced their retirement from the music industry in 1994, they said they would never play again.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after being seriously injured in a crash during testing.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in Glasgow.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to the United Nations Security Council.
Taiwan has banned more than 100 civil servants from going to China for further education, state media report.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of relegation from the Championship is "frightening" and "exciting".
More than 100 British soldiers are due to leave their base in Afghanistan for the first time in more than a year.
When Laura Pergolizzi was a teenager in Greece, she thought she was going to be a pop star.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Former British middleweight champion Nicky Blackwell has been banned from boxing for life after being found guilty of dangerous conduct.
The mother of a Liverpool fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster has been identified by police, the inquests have heard.
The inventor of a robot that can be used to play video games is to be part of a new festival in Inverness.
League Two side Cambridge United will host League Two side Manchester United in the FA Cup second round.
Huddersfield Town have made four changes to their squad for the National League play-offs, including the return of Danny O'Donnell and Joe Mafuta.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will make his first start of the season against Liverpool at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just one season in charge.
A beekeeper died after suffering an allergic reaction to a bee sting, a coroner has ruled.
Forest Green came from behind to beat Torquay 5-5 in the National League.
The abduction of Monica and Sarah Lawan by Boko Haram militants in north-eastern Nigeria in April 2014 has left Rev Mark Ewokor in a state of shock.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill that would make smacking children a criminal offence.
In 1952, the British launched a counter-insurgency campaign against the Mau Mau rebels in the Kenyan Highlands.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Prince Harry has been photographed playing with a crocodile in Australia's Northern Territory.
Australia umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has said the company's decision to sponsor the Olympic Games in Rio was "the right decision".
Signal crayfish are being reintroduced to the River Wye in Powys as part of a bid to save the species from extinction.
A restaurant has been destroyed in a fire at the O2 arena in south London.
Dallas Buyers Club has topped the US box office chart for the first time since the film was nominated for an Oscar.
A New York state legislature is considering an investigation into a "inky" discharge of water from Niagara Falls.
Dundee midfielder Michael O'Dea says it is "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings at the club.
The Youth Olympics will be held in Norway in 2016.
A UKIP councillor has defected to the Democratic Independent Group.
The Education Standards Authority (Ofqual) has told exam boards in England to use "comparable outcomes" to ensure grade standards are maintained year-on-year.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen, officials say.
On Christmas Eve, thousands of Palestinian Christians gather in the Old City of Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
North Wales Police has been rated "requires improvement" in a report by the UK's most senior police watchdog.
A make-up artist who has worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on films including The Revenant has been thanked by the actor at the Golden Globes.
The mother of a three-year-old boy who needs a second T-Cell transplant has said she is "overwhelmed" by the generosity of a donor.
Air France, KLM and Lufthansa have been fined more than €200m by the European Commission for alleged infringement of their rights of defence.
Bournemouth striker Steve King says the club's mentality will not see them take the "foot off the gas" in the fight to avoid relegation.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal.
The thaw in relations between the US and Cuba has been described as "an extraordinary day" by the Cuban government.
Olympique de Marseille owner Jacques McCourt has signed a new five-year contract with the club.
Astronaut Emmanuel Pesquet has taken to social media to highlight the beauty of the Earth viewed from space at night.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young sons and their sister in a Kiev flat.
Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton Under-21 midfielder Jack McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
A southern bypass route for the A303 in Manchester could be considered as part of the £1.4bn upgrade of the road around Stonehenge, the BBC has learned.
Saracens skipper Joe Borthwick was on the verge of a shock when he was told he had to leave the club at the end of the week.
The UN has accused Myanmar's security forces of carrying out "horrific" attacks on Rohingya Muslims, including rape and murder.
A water main has burst causing major disruption to schools and businesses.
Guernsey manager Lee Vance says his side "could have done without" their FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Bristol City.
Athletics has a problem with Russia, according to former World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) chief Mark Warner.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy is not working to protect young Muslims from radicalisation, a Labour MP has said.
Emmerdale fans are to be able to tour the famous set of the ITV soap for the first time.
More than 25 teachers have called in sick at a Catholic school in County Tyrone.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Francesco Cesare looks at how the country's rural Mafia is trying to destroy his business.
The BBC has developed a virtual reality app that allows people with learning disabilities to control programmes via their brainwaves.
A new augmented reality experience is to be offered at this year's Celtic festival.
Olympic gold medallist Laura Houvenaghel has withdrawn from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow because of a back injury.
The main draw at Wimbledon will be played on Sunday for the first time since the roof was closed on Friday.
Police in Sicily have arrested 15 volunteers suspected of setting fires deliberately in the heatwave that has hit the country.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38% in the last six years, the NSPCC has said.
The US says it has intercepted a tip-off that a terrorist group was planning to bring down a US-bound airliner.
North Korea has said it has made "significant progress" in miniaturising its nuclear weapons.
Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms across rebel-held areas of the region, hours after a ceasefire was agreed in Minsk.
Richard Keogh's header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby Town.
A woman who was convicted in 1990 of arranging the murder of her son, Christoper Milke, has been ordered to stand trial again.
Emergency services at East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) have been told to improve by the health watchdog.
Liam Mooy's first-half strike earned Huddersfield Town victory at Leeds United to move up to second in the Championship.
A former BBC reporter has told a disciplinary tribunal she was subjected to "internal corruption and poor management" at the corporation.
A man has been rescued from a house fire in Edinburgh.
A search effort for a group of mountain guides who went missing in the US state of Washington has been suspended after they were caught in an avalanche.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Queen's United came from behind to beat Queen's Park and move up to second in the Scottish Premiership.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years suffered a blow as they were beaten by the Wallabies in Brisbane.
The former chairman of India's Tata Group has written to the board of the Tata Group to accuse the company of failing to turn around its fortunes.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they are "still in shock and afraid" after the Paris attacks.
Widnes Vikings have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League after their Super League game against Widnes was abandoned because of a deteriorating pitch.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent".
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016.
Juan Mata scored twice as Chelsea came from behind to beat Sunderland and move up to second in the Premier League.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said the country has the capability to attack the US in the Pacific.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered announced plans to raise $1.1bn (Â£1.2bn) in a share sale.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire.
The number of Bengal tigers in the Sunderbans region of Bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a metatarsal fracture in Saturday's 1-1 draw with West Brom.
Two board members of Sport NI have resigned.
A malicious software that infects routers and other smart devices is being targeted by hackers, according to security firm Symantec.
It's been a week of violence in the German Bundesliga.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours.
Mexican Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned after his controversial visit to the United States by Donald Trump.
The battle for Tal Afar, the last stronghold of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Iraq, is taking place in the north-western city of Irbil.
Lee Novak scored a late equaliser as Fleetwood came from behind to draw with Charlton.
Portsmouth's future is in doubt, according to the club's board of directors and the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA).
A camera has been used to film a dead turtle on the Great Barrier Reef in the Australian outback.
Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for League One strugglers Port Vale against Scunthorpe.
Matt Revell and Ryan Varney scored late penalties as Ipswich came from behind to beat MK Dons.
Fifa world football champion Mohamed Weah has been elected Liberia's first female president.
England's Tommy Fleetwood missed out on a place in the final round of the Shanghai Masters as Germany's Bernd Wiesberger won a penalty shoot-out.
Liverpool Ladies have signed Canada international Mandy van den Berg on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed defender Myles Anderson and striker Ruairi Keating on loan from Barrow until the end of the season.
Belfast City Council has ordered an investigation into the storing of bonfire pallets in a public car park.
The first official dictionary of Roald Dahl's words has been published by Oxford University.
TVR is to build its next generation of cars in south Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "all over the place" as he crashed out of the Australian Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in Marks and Spencer leading the way.
Portadown have been handed a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association for breaching the rules on player eligibility.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former treasurer of the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £5,000.
Astronomers have discovered even more massive stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have shut the Curva Sud section of their Stadio Olimpico stadium because of racist chants directed at Mario Balotelli.
Craig Tanner's late goal earned Plymouth a 2-0 win over Crawley to move them out of the League Two relegation zone.
US cable network Discovery has agreed to buy media company Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£11bn).
Steven Caulker was not involved in a fight with Crystal Palace players, according to QPR.
Oscar-winning actress Barbra Streisand has asked Apple to change the pronunciation of her name.
At least one person has been killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Egyptian capital Cairo, the interior ministry says.
The US drug company behind a controversial increase in the price of a prescription drug has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County striker Leon Martin says he feels "lifted" after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver has been diverted to Glasgow after a "smoke of burning" on board.
The health of five-year-olds in Wales has improved significantly since the 1970s and 1980s, according to a new survey.
The UK's manufacturing and retail sectors are expanding at the fastest rate on record, according to the Ulster Bank.
A new masterplan for Manchester's St Michael's development has been unveiled by the city's mayor, Phil Neville.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire.
Former Crusaders captain Michael Callaghan has been appointed as the new manager of Carrick Rangers.
A man who shook a two-month-old baby in the air and caused permanent damage to his brain has been jailed for six years.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the China Open with a straight-set win over Spain's Carla Garcia-Lopez.
A teenager who went missing after being dropped off at a college in Leicestershire has been found dead.
Chester secured their first National League win of the season with a 3-0 win over Dagenham.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed ex-Dagenham & Redbridge captain Ben Wood on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A "serious democratic deficit" has been created in local elections in England, with fewer than 20% of the electorate eligible to vote, the Electoral Commission has said.
Wales fly-half Matthew Morgan has signed a new two-year contract with Cardiff Blues.
Conor Henderson has signed a new two-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed speculation linking striker Peter Crouch with a move to West Brom.
A portrait of Mao Zedong by Andy Warhol is to be sold at auction in Hong Kong next month.
Bolton Council has rejected a planning application for a flower-shaped home on the outskirts of the city.
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of the best-selling film Ghostbusters, according to reports.
Moths have been unveiled in Hull to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of Hull woman Amy Johnson.
The chancellor has said the government will "reset fiscal policy" if it is deemed necessary following the UK's vote to leave the EU.
A new arts festival is to be held in London next month, organisers have announced.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships in Dublin.
A council has won a legal battle with the government over term-time holiday fines after losing a High Court battle over the issue.
The parents of a teenager who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said she is "like the Tasmanian devil".
A US soldier who killed 10 Taliban fighters in an attack on an outpost in Afghanistan has been awarded the Medal of Honor.
The government should introduce a cap on the number of unskilled migrants coming to the UK, a think tank has said.
A number of Crystal Palace fans have been singing and banging on the side of the escalator at a London Underground station during the FA Cup final.
Katarina Seonaid and her sister Jennifer have both won gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in France.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Skeleton is one of the most successful sports in the world, with two-time Olympic gold medallist Katie Yarnold leading the way in the women's event at the Vancouver Winter Olympics.
Sophie Adams will defend her WBC international flyweight title against Mexico's Juana Salazar in Manchester on Saturday.
Olympic silver medallist Chris Heath won the K1 200m canoe race for the first time in his career.
The Ellan Vannin football team have qualified for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
The final boat of the year has sailed from Bristol to Edinburgh in a bid to save the city's dry dock.
Too many older people are living in care homes where their "personal identity and individuality rapidly diminishes", a report has said.
The right to buy in England could be raised to as high as £75,000 under government plans, the BBC understands.
The number of syphilis cases in London has risen by more than a third in the past year.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Edinburgh.
Portsmouth have signed former Notts County and Fiorentina midfielder Emmanuel Adebayo on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest manager Paulo Brazil says he is "not aware of where the club is in terms of looking for a new manager".
A zoo in Australia has asked the public to sew mittens to help injured baby kangaroos recover.
More needs to be done to diagnose newborn babies with a cleft lip or palate, surgeons say.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have had their employment terminated, the BBC understands.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Macclesfield Town striker Ryan Parkin on a two-year deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to expand bus services to areas not currently covered by the government.
People on low carbohydrate and low fat diets have lost an average of 7.3kg (16lb) in 12 months, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after a woman was crushed to death by heavy metal frames.
England international Laura Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has urged Super League to "give Super League a pat on the back" after winning the 2017 World Club Series.
The United Nations has agreed to allow satellites to transmit real-time data from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
China has admitted that illegal trade in tiger skins is happening in the country, wildlife experts say.
The UK economy is likely to slow down next year as the pound falls against the dollar, according to a report.
A man who threatened to shoot police officers in Flintshire has admitted making threats to kill them.
Dutch airline KLM has added two new flights to its Inverness-to-Schiphol service.
Liam Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster in a thrilling Pro12 play-off.
Plans for a UK spaceport in Snowdonia have been submitted to the UK government.
Arcade Fire brought a sense of peace and love to the Glastonbury Festival on Friday night.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the start date for the Women's World Twenty20.
At least four people have been killed in an ambush by Boko Haram militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Veteran Irish actor John Lally has died at the age of 83.
Middlesex batsman Mark Robson hit his highest first-class score of the season against Warwickshire on day two at Edgbaston.
Coral bleaching at one of the world's most important coral reefs may not be sustainable, according to scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after a new bailout deal for Cyprus collapsed.
A cancer patient has reached the summit of Mount Everest after raising more than £40,000 for charity.
A community hall in Denbighshire is to be taken over by a charity after it was set to charge up to £750 a year.
Tributes have been paid to a man who was among three people killed in the Tunisia beach attack.
The quality of teaching in Wales is a "vital factor" in raising standards further, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A number of Muslim-led campaigns have been launched to protect Jewish cemeteries in the US following recent bomb threats.
Two brothers have been jailed for life for murdering a drug dealer in a "frenzied attack".
Pop star Kylie Minogue has returned to the stage for the first time in two years to perform at the Parklife festival in Manchester.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
A senior aide to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was "probably" one of the people caught up in a corruption scandal at the centre-right UMP party.
Former US President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since the country split from the United States.
A fire on a ferry was caused by a faulty air conditioning unit, Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice after a man was killed in a crash in Dubai.
The UK-based cosmetics firm Nivea has withdrawn an advert for a black-and-white moisturizer after it was branded racist.
Cambridge United moved into the League Two play-off places with a 1-0 win over Exeter City.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from Racing 92 on a two-year deal.
UK scientists are working on a new mapping service that could help them pinpoint the causes of big earthquakes.
Here is a full list of quotes from the leader of the opposition, Nick Clegg, who has been sworn in as prime minister.
England's Women's World Twenty20 decider against South Africa was abandoned at the Wanderers because of rain.
UKIP MEP Nathan Gill has not resigned from his job as an MEP, the party's MEP for Wales has said.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Bristol was diverted to Amsterdam due to a "strong smell of smoke", the airline has said.
Too many young people are being offered qualifications of little worth in a "patchwork" vocational education system in England, a report says.
Plans for a £1bn hydroelectric scheme in Snowdonia have been shelved after concerns about salmon fisheries.
A gang has been jailed for eight years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into Wales.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering brain damage in a pre-season friendly.
Sir William Shakespeare, the founder of the welfare state, has died at the age of 73.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A is "not good for football".
A financial services firm is to create 500 new jobs in Manchester.
David Cameron deserves to be the UK's next Nato secretary-general, a committee of MPs has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the Olympics.
Twitter is a popular social media platform in Russia, with millions of users and millions of followers.
Hibernian have appointed Neil Lennon as their new manager.
Cameroon defender Adama Chedjou has joined Turkish champions İstanbul Basaksehir.
West Lothian and Livingston are home to some of Scotland's most important mining communities.
The Home Office is to introduce a new law to make it easier for police, security services and other agencies to hack into children's toys.
Myanmar's armed groups have signed a collective agreement with the government to end decades of conflict.
Venezuelan military jets have shot down two unauthorised planes allegedly trying to land in the country's airspace.
Mental health services for pregnant and newborn women are to be funded by the Welsh government.
A Chinese tech firm has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) to settle a US probe into its export practices.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic has risen sharply, according to the UN's annual report.
A man who murdered his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" has been admitted to the State Hospital at Carstairs.
France will remain "by the side" of the Malian army for as long as it takes, the UN special envoy to Mali has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a $3.1bn (Â£2.3bn) deal to combat cybercrime.
Thousands of people have been affected by flooding in Coventry and Warwickshire.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the rooftop of a boutique in Cardiff.
Theresa May has chosen a UKIP-style version of Brexit which will cause a squeeze on public services, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Harry Shearer has pulled out of the US sitcom The Simpsons after reports that he was offered a new deal.
Student nurses in England are to have to take out a student loan to study to become a nurse, under plans being proposed by the government.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have had their approval for a coal mine overturned.
Olympic gold medallist Kadeena Richards-Ross says she has been inspired by the support of other female athletes who have had abortions.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the UK will not be able to resolve the issue of the Irish border unless it knows what a free trade agreement is.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats are holding a conference in Dundee later.
Actress Lizzie Jumbo has criticised Hollywood for not doing enough to promote diversity in the UK.
Free school meals pupils in England do less well in GCSE maths than those not eligible for the meals, a study suggests.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he has been "made out of glass" as he continues to struggle with injury.
When I first got the iPhone 10 years ago, I was trying to find a camera for a piece of camera equipment.
A £58m research and innovation complex has been officially opened in Newcastle.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former Essex head coach Helen Grayson as their new head coach.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Sweeney and Stoke City defender Dominic Telford on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate rose slightly in May, helped by falling food and fuel costs, official figures show.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will get tax sharing powers before 2021.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Graddon says she is ready to retire from diving.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two commuter trains in California, officials say.
The Pirate Bay website has been back online for the first time in more than a decade.
Match reports from the weekend's Premier League and Championship games.
Global temperatures will almost certainly be surpassed by 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to a new study.
The number of animal welfare cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales has more than doubled in the past year.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard after she went missing has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Jim Mulgrew is relishing the prospect of facing Ards in the Gibson Cup on Tuesday night.
What do we know about the world's banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Mark Ingram says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Indian Premier League.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Australian Grand Prix as Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel took pole position.
A former Fifa official has been banned for three years for speaking to officials from Qatar's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
An elderly man has died in a house fire in Edinburgh.
A collection of photographs taken during the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s and 80s is to go on display in London.
Newcastle United's new signing Michael Vaughan says the club need to be "mental tough" to reach the Championship play-offs.
When Rex Tillerson announced that the US was withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement, it was a major blow to his campaign.
Barcelona midfielder Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" after their Champions League semi-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said he is "confident" that two separate Leave and Remain groups will be chosen to lead the EU referendum campaign.
A group of Muslim clerics in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger jailed for blasphemy.
A company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died after inhaling "volatile" chemicals while wearing a face mask.
The UK's first nuclear-powered submarine has been launched at a ceremony at BAE Systems' Barrow yard.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he wants manager Chris Coleman to stay in charge for "many years to come".
A security system designed to keep an eye on cargo ships is vulnerable to hackers, a security expert has said.
There was no Joan Collins in the Queen's New Year's Honours list.
An Egyptian goose nest has been discovered in a nesting box at a nature reserve in Norfolk.
Burnley striker Ben Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 as Surrey fought back to draw with Hampshire in the One-Day Cup.
The UK's largest care home operator is in talks with the government over the future of its homes, the BBC understands.
The number of cancer patients in England who have to wait more than two months for treatment has fallen, according to two charities.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals could lose their habitats under climate change, a study suggests.
Gatwick Airport has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.1m for the year to the end of August, boosted by record passenger numbers.
A former cabinet minister and ex-economy chief councillor have been found guilty of misconduct in a report into the sale of council properties.
Premier League clubs have agreed to donate £1.25m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Rescue workers in rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo say they have been unable to bring in supplies for more than a week.
A patient died after falling from a lifting hoist at a hospital, a court has heard.
The "embarrassing beliefs" that go with Christianity are being marginalised in secondary schools, Archbishop of Canterbury John Williams has said.
A large fire has broken out in a house in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Plans for a new unitary council in Oxfordshire have been branded a "disaster".
National League side Torquay United have signed midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a return to profit for the first time in three years.
For the first time, a German U-boat has been sent out on patrol in the Atlantic Ocean.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded in California, destroying a cargo ship that was due to launch on Wednesday.
A woman accused of pointing a gun at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine has appeared in court.
Scientists have recreated the dramatic collapse of a crater created by the asteroid that killed off the dinosaurs.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a court in the capital, Pretoria.
Joe McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the World League 2 semi-finals in Belfast.
An investigation has been launched into the disappearance of seahorses on a beach in Bristol.
An Indian artist who created sculptures at a rock garden in the western city of Chandigarh has died at the age of 87, his family says.
British Cycling was not based around motivation through fear, says former head coach David Brailsford.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland.
The timetable for public exams for 2016 has been drawn up 18 months in advance of the exams being published.
Zinedine Zidane has been granted a licence to work as a reserve-team coach in Spain.
A new road in Taunton has been completed after more than two years of delays.
Peterborough United manager Peter McCann says Kieran Maddison is one of the best players in the Championship.
Police Scotland has said it will take no steps leading to the closure of its control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will retire from international football after Sweden's World Cup play-off defeat by Portugal.
Burundi's prosecutor's office has confirmed that a military general was killed in a reprisal attack.
Oscar-winning actress Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest paid actress, according to a Forbes magazine.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Nepal have been left homeless after Saturday's earthquake, officials say.
Cuba's president has accused US President Donald Trump of using "old and hostile rhetoric" against the island, in his first public comment on the policy.
Actor David Tennant has said he was "kicked out" of a new West End play because of its references to Donald Trump and Vlogging.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of its handling of the security breach at the White House, a review has found.
Gibraltar has said it wants to remain in the European Union.
Drivers on Arriva Trains Wales are to stage a second strike in a row over pay, the RMT union has said.
Paraguay's President Fernando Lugo has said he will not seek re-election in the lower house of the Congress, the country's highest legislative body.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are to meet by phone on Tuesday to discuss the Ukraine crisis.
Syrian government forces have captured the town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS), opposition fighters say.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan was beaten 10-1 by Mark Allen in the first round of the WGC-HSBC Champions Trophy.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the election.
The number of women being stalked by their ex-partners has risen by more than a third in the past five years, a charity has said.
China is set to account for a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
A £1.4m scheme to train bank staff to spot fraudsters has been trialled in London.
Labour is hoping to gain control of Ealing Central and Acton in the general election.
Five Ospreys rugby players have taken part in a recycling collection in Bridgend county.
Flights from Edinburgh to Dublin have been cancelled because of bad weather conditions at Gatwick Airport.
Mexico striker Javier Hernandez has joined West Ham on a season-long loan from Bayer Leverkusen.
When you think of Shakespeare's theatre, you might think of an indoor playhouse.
Swansea City Council has confirmed it has reached a deal to buy the Premier League club.
Queens Park Rangers manager Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly abusing a match official during the 2-2 draw with Tottenham.
Scarlets captain Richie Barclay says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Pro12 final with Glasgow Warriors.
A man has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry 40 years ago.
A story about a Chinese teenager hiding in a cargo hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has gone viral on Chinese social media.
It would be a "huge risk" to take the iPlayer service off air, the BBC's director general has said.
A new coal-fired power station is to be built next to a decommissioned Ferrybridge power station.
More than half a million black men and women from the Caribbean volunteered during World War Two.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" that the Women's Olympic football team has been turned down.
A rare bird of prey has returned to Breckland farms for the first time in more than a decade.
Former Scottish Labour leader Jack McConnell has described Johann Lamont's resignation as "outrageous".
Shares in ARM Holdings have surged after Japanese chipmaker Softbank agreed to buy the UK technology firm for £20bn.
Edinburgh City secured a place in the second round of the Scottish Cup with a 2-2 draw away to Shire.
One in eight workers in the UK is too ill to work before they even get to the state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
A hospital in Coventry is being upgraded to prevent it spreading in the unlikely event of a fire, an internal investigation has found.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has launched a new set of stamps to mark the 150th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have been the victims of a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
A Pilates class has been held on the Isle of Man to mark the centenary of the death of a former prisoner of war.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom, covered in a duvet.
The NHS in England is expected to overspend by £2.2bn this year, according to new figures.
David Cameron has been warned of a "surge" of migrants in the UK if he does not secure a deal on his EU reform package.
Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to compete in the Tour de France again, according to former world champion Chris LeMond.
Malaysia has criticised Swiss authorities for saying billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund.
The Northern Ireland Secretary's decision to allow the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advertisement in 1986 has been recalled in a file from the Stormont Central Secretariat.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has topped the US box office in its first weekend of release, earning $44.4m (Â£34m).
Microsoft has revealed details of the next generation of its Xbox One console, Project Scorpio.
A UKIP MP has resigned after Facebook posts in which he called US President Barack Obama a "Nazi war criminal".
They're one of the most famous children's books of all time.
Supermarket chain Pret has said it will pay 16-18-year-olds who took part in its "big experience week" to get a taste of its business.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club's takeover has "sealed saved" his job.
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut short story, Disappearances.
A series of shark attacks off the coast of Egypt has left one person dead and several others injured.
A two-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A concert has been held in Edinburgh to raise money for the victims of the Nepal earthquake.
Thousands of farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh.
Alastair Cook has always been a bit of a polarising figure.
The UK should not fall into the trap of "playing the Taliban's game" in Afghanistan, the country's former defence secretary has said.
Here is a quick guide to the dangers of lightning in the UK.
The legal battle against HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) over the takeover of Lotus has been adjourned until 21 December.
Northamptonshire held Sussex to a draw in a rain-affected Division Two match at Hove.
Wayne Bennett's role as England head coach is not always about promoting English rugby league, says Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin.
Chelsea Ladies secured their first win of the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 1-1 draw with Yeovil Town at the Hetton Centre.
A boy was sexually abused at a Jersey care home, a public inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in the Republic of Congo has said she wants to help free a man who has been imprisoned for involvement in the crime.
When Fiji rugby player John Matavesi was paralysed from the waist down in the 1980s, he was told he would never play again.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Inverness.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A BBC investigation has found that staff at betting shop Coral were told to do "absolutely anything" to make customers feel comfortable at the machines.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City midfielder David Straker on a two-year deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched by police investigating the Westminster terror attack.
The attack on the Buddhist shrine in Bangkok on Monday is the latest in a series of attacks on the country's tourism industry.
A police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting two women in his car.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for giving his wife a "short-lived lift" on the back of his bike.
The PSNI has said it has received reports of a number of sex acts being carried out in Northern Ireland.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, is back in the White House.
A rare ridley turtle found on Anglesey has been moved to a larger tank.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall beat Swindon to record their first win of the season.
Police officers in three Denbighshire towns are to be sent to England to monitor crime and disorder in the area.
South Sudan and Madagascar both progressed to the next round of the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN) in Kenya.
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said the country will never stop supporting its friends in the Middle East.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania has said he will not be allowed to carry guns on campus until a new law is passed.
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot of UKIP's leadership contest, the party has confirmed.
Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on a two-year deal.
A Dumfries teacher who downloaded indecent images of children has been banned from teaching for life.
A man who posted "highly offensive" Facebook messages about Islam has had his licence revoked.
Armenian weightlifter Arsen Vardanian has been banned for six months after failing a drugs test at the 2008 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker David Pilkington says it will be a "tough season" for the Bluebirds this season.
The parents of a woman who was stalked by a soldier have spoken of their shock at her death.
Lord Strathclyde has resigned as the Conservative leader in the House of Lords.
Staff at a sandwich maker in County Londonderry have been sent home after learning that the company has gone into administration.
The chief executive of a Japanese office worker who jumped to her death last year has said he will resign.
A man accused of murdering his wife with a frying pan and a bottle of white spirit was found in the garage of their Chelmsford home, a court has heard.
At least seven people have been killed in two bomb attacks on an army bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Consultation has begun on plans to store nuclear waste from Royal Navy submarines at a site north of the border with England.
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt has said he is "rather perplexed" by the debate over corporate taxes in the UK.
Mozambique, a country on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore gas fields, is one of Africa's poorest countries.
A Robin Hood impersonator and his Maid Marian fiancÃ©e are getting married in Nottingham.
Danny Main's first-half strike earned Oldham victory over Southend to move them out of the League One relegation zone.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of much of the country's outback to foreign investors.
Bradford City came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move into the League One play-off places.
Prince Harry has visited a rainforest in Guyana on the final day of his Caribbean tour.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines - the Ampatuan clan - is about more than just the murder of innocent civilians.
I am a bit baffled by the Greek government's new bailout terms.
London Underground (LU) union members have voted to accept a pay and conditions deal, paving the way for a Night Tube service.
The chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 87.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Alexander and Airdrieonians goalkeeper Lee Hollis on loan until the end of the season.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Firefighters have tackled 332 acres of wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of the month.
The Queen's granddaughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, has been named as the UK's most influential woman.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Gary Higgins both won in the first round of the Home Nations Series event in Glasgow on Wednesday.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be in a position to make a difference in Africa.
A planned strike by Tower Transit drivers and engineers has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Newcastle United full-back Tyler Williams on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, has invested $2bn (Â£1.5bn) in Twitter, the social network's parent company.
More needs to be done to tackle sexism in sport, according to a survey commissioned by UK Sport.
A Dalek from Doctor Who is expected to fetch up to £1m at auction in London later this month.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won a High Court battle over a sponsorship deal with the club.
The government's "Fresh Start" deal to deal with the legacy of the Troubles will not work, a peer has said.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a blaze at a block of flats in East Lothian.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has landed in Kenya for the first time since it was grounded in January.
A team of Pakistani graffiti artists has been commissioned to write anti-Islamic messages in the second series of US TV show Homeland.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful racehorses, has died at the age of nine.
A pilot union has said it is "disappointed" a court has refused to hand over cockpit data from the Supa Puma helicopter crash.
If you want to know how the North East is feeling about the future of devolution, you might want to ask two Conservative MPs.
Five people have died in Caerphilly county in what police have described as "medical emergencies".
Domino's Australia has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza, the world's biggest pizza chain, in a deal worth more than A$1bn (Â£1.6bn).
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in North Wales.
A man has been charged with historical sex offences against a teenage boy.
A former head of Venezuela's football federation has pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and money laundering as part of an investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa.
It's been a week of surprises for the Clinton campaign.
MPs have been hearing from eight women who were involved in undercover relationships with undercover police officers.
A British man who faked his own death in Syria has been charged with terrorism offences.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a tunnel.
Senior Tory backbenchers have told me that they expect Theresa May to be the next leader of the party.
The government has called for the Football Association to change its way of running the game.
The Conservatives' manifesto for the general election is short on policy.
Bangladesh beat England by 108 runs in the second Test in Dhaka to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that the world is set to become increasingly vulnerable to climate change.
Newport Gwent Dragons back-row Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby at the age of 28.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
Scotland's agriculture minister has said the country's farmers are concerned about the impact of the UK leaving the European Union.
GPs in England are being paid thousands of pounds to reduce the number of patients referred to hospital for treatment, a BBC investigation has found.
West Bromwich Albion midfielder Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Top Gear presenters Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond will remain on the BBC Two show, according to the show's producer Peter Yentob.
Plans for a new express bus service in Bristol have been put on hold because of a lack of a current operator.
Andrew Davies has set a new world record in the shot put at the Diamond League meet in Arizona.
It's one of the most unforgettable moments of a cycling career.
When Doga Makiura set out to visit schools in Rwanda, he had no idea what he would achieve.
Sheffield United have released all but one of their squad, including midfielder Rob Baxter.
The Bank of England has launched the Financial Services Loan Scheme (FLS).
A Canadian woman has won more than C$1m (Â£770,000) in a lottery drawing in Ontario, Canada.
Same-sex marriage is legal in Northern Ireland, a High Court judge has ruled.
A ram that switched on Ashbourne's Christmas Lights has been chosen as the new mascot of a British army regiment.
Matt Parkin and Ryan Frear scored twice as Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Halifax Town.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after he was found with knives and an axe at a military base in Herefordshire.
Pete Kennaugh won the fifth stage of the Criterium du Dauphine.
Eilish McColgan is turning into The Terminator.
Edinburgh prop Tom Dickinson says the club need to win every game in the Six Nations if they are to secure a play-off place.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was the youngest of the victims of the 7/7 attacks.
When it comes to hip-hop, it's pretty common.
Scottish Power is to introduce a new way of buying energy - by the day.
US Senator John McCain has arrived in Syria to meet rebel commanders, the BBC understands.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
A West Lothian teenager who was battling a rare form of cancer has died at the age of 15.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron is to headline this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign has been launched to highlight the dangers of underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul have been hampered by clouds, officials say.
China has called for a " paradigm shift" away from high input and high pollution to ease the environmental damage it has caused over the past three decades.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house hit by Japan's earthquake in August.
Media in Europe have been reacting to the results of the French and Greek elections.
Archaeologists are carrying out a major archaeological survey of a medieval abbey where King Henry I was buried.
Python star Bill Jones has been presented with the Sian Phillips award at the Welsh Television Awards.
Mexico's Football Federation (FMF) has said it is "very serious" about homophobic chanting during World Cup qualifying.
The war in Syria has devastated the ancient city of Palmyra.
Mae teulu o saith ffoadur o Syria wedi cael ei gadw i ddarparu cymorth i'r ffoaduriaid yn y DU.
Roger Federer says he would be "happy" to play Rafael Nadal in the US Open second round.
Australia's biggest winemaker, TWE, has rejected a new takeover offer from US private equity firm KKR.
Crusaders missed the chance to go top of the Irish Premiership as they were held to a draw by Coleraine.
Scientists in Norway say they have identified a new type of meteorology that has been associated with the Krakatoa eruption in Indonesia.
The number of cold calls has reached a record high in the UK.
Matt Chilton says he thought of his former Marussia team-mate Luca Bianchi every lap of the race he won.
Scientists in the US are developing a mobile game that can help people with dementia navigate 3D environments.
The family of a missing airman have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty" over his disappearance.
Thousands of Sports Direct workers have staged a protest against the company's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in Lambeth should be offered a HIV test on admission to hospital if they have not previously been diagnosed with HIV, new guidance says.
"It's not my job to turn BHS around."
Lorry and van drivers are taking drugs to relieve the boredom of lengthy shifts, a BBC investigation has found.
The last remaining rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of al-Wair have been liberated.
Mashkel is a small town in the north-western Pakistani province of Balochistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 32 people to life in prison for spying for Iran.
Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City midfielder Josh Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man has become the first person to paddle the length of the River Mahaweli in the Indian Ocean.
Former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has resigned as Speaker of the House of Commons amid allegations of sexual harassment.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in tourism.
TomSka is one of the most successful YouTube vloggers in the world.
The chief executive of Redrow, one of the UK's biggest housebuilders, has accused the industry of a "wall of bureaucracy".
England must focus on the positives after Saturday's defeat by Australia, says fly-half Rhys Hall.
When Laura Robson arrived at the US Open in New York on Saturday morning, she had no idea what she would do next.
A police officer has been charged with two counts of misconduct in public office.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Cricket Ireland are in talks with West Indies over the vacant position of head coach, BBC Sport understands.
Plans to turn a Nottinghamshire town into a Civil War museum have been given the go-ahead by a council.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town teenager Alex McDiarmid on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's 5,000m world record has been ratified as official by British Athletics, according to former world champion Laura McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes series despite being underdogs.
Plans to turn a Grade II listed building in Cardiff into flats have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 208 man-mediated minerals have been discovered in the rocks of Planet Earth, according to a new study.
A 15-year-old Malaysian boy has been removed from the abdomen of his mother after suffering a rare form of "fetus in fetu".
Five Scots have been named in the Great Britain team for the World Championships in Doha.
A Lancashire school is being investigated by police after a Facebook user claimed to be planning a mass shooting.
Australian police have arrested four Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Mark Stoneman made his first first-class century of the season as Warwickshire beat Durham by six wickets at Edgbaston.
The UK could remain in the European Union if it voted to leave, a ratings agency has said.
David Warner's absence from the England squad for the Ashes tour has been described as "unacceptable".
Thousands of retired firefighters and police officers in Wales are to receive compensation totalling £5.24m, the Welsh government has said.
The communication centre of a cancer cell is key to its ability to break free from its moorings, say researchers at the University of York.
British number one Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the French Open with a straight-set win over Serbia's Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
Ricky has tried out the Oculus Rift.
Qatar is one of the richest countries in the world, but it is also the most water-poor.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has met Italian President Matteo Renzi and Pope Francis during a visit to Italy and France.
EastEnders fans have been reacting to the arrival of a new family in the East End.
Drought is a time of year when there is enough water around to water crops.
The Conservatives have retained control of Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan is a survivor of the Troubles.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two-year deals for undisclosed fees.
More than 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration with the loss of more than 300 jobs.
A man accused of murdering a woman with a hammer told a court he saw him hitting her with the weapon.
Huddersfield Town moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with victory over Brighton.
A man has admitted killing his wife because he feared she was going to take their youngest child to Pakistan.
The Metropolitan Police has said it cannot afford to have officers think twice about shooting someone because they fear the consequences of shooting someone.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Kent.
An MP has apologised for suggesting people with type 1 diabetes could be at risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
The story of Irene Nemirovsky, the author of Suite Francaise, is to be told in a new film.
A major oil fire at an industrial estate in Kent has been brought under control.
Defending champion Rafael Nadal will play at the Aegon Championships in Aegon next month.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying acid capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
Donald Trump's visit to the European Union came at the same time as the leaders of the US and Nato.
National League side Northampton Town have signed former Liverpool captain Ryan Ngoo on a two-year deal.
A large bushfire has broken out in a remote area of western Australia.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive at his home have said new evidence is "completely inexplicable".
The number of new savings accounts opened in the UK has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms has risen by more than a third in the last two years, according to police forces.
A jigsaw puzzle created by a Norfolk man has been lost after four pieces of it fell into a handbag and got stuck on a granny's cardigan.
A woman has been killed and an eight-year-old boy injured in a crash involving a car and a rally car on Saturday.
Wales' education commissioners are to meet for the first time in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager has been fined £75 and ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland has been named Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society's Television Scoop Of The Year ceremony.
Croatia's Jewish community has said it will boycott next week's ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the death camp at the Auschwitz death camp.
Manchester United have signed Borussia Dortmund striker Adnan Januzaj on a season-long loan.
Hearts hope to raise £3m over the next five years from supporters' contributions to the club.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino has " bought into" the club's fitness programme.
Saracens will play Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will play Exeter Chiefs in the final.
The mother of a man who was killed by a hit-and-run driver seven years ago has paid tribute to her "beautiful" son.
England women beat New Zealand in the final of the Women's Rugby World Cup to move up to second in the table.
A paraglider narrowly escaped injury when she was hit by a light aircraft, a report has found.
A large fire has broken out at a farm near the border with the Republic of Ireland.
A bell-ringer who bribed his victims with Fifa game currency has been jailed for 12 years.
Josephine West, the lead singer of US band Oh Wonder, has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
An under-15 boy who wrote "cooker bomb" on a cucumber was referred to the authorities because of the spelling error, it has emerged.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after a five-year-old girl was locked in the boot of a car.
A man called "Trans" and "anarchist" led a five-person attack on him on a platform at Aberdeen University, police have said.
Qatar won the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history with a 2-0 win over hosts Qatar in the first match of the tournament on home soil.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says progressing into the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a learning passport as part of a series of reforms aimed at improving standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his squad contains players who "don't think the aim is to win".
A man's body has been found at a recycling depot in Somerset.
UKIP has said the final list of candidates to succeed Nigel Farage as leader will be revealed on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI is to set up 34 mobile neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) in Northern Ireland.
Super Bowl-winning American football player Kiko Polamalu has announced his retirement from the game at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a rugby player who was hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Judd Trump will face China's Zhou Yuelong in the first round of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace on Saturday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Exeter City and reach the EFL Cup third round.
Plans for a £1m refurbishment of a Denbighshire school have been submitted to the council.
Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been cleared of all charges relating to his ownership of the club.
Tyler Denton scored twice as Leeds United beat Luton Town to move into the League Two play-off places.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offering his services to society.
Leyton Orient have appointed former Charlton Athletic assistant manager David Edwards as their new manager.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the maximum sentence for careless driving to be increased.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint by a gang of men at a house in Londonderry.
England batsman Jason Roy has become the first player to score the highest one-day international score.
Ken Owens has never been one to shy away from referring to himself as a "super sub".
England captain Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex won the toss against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
The man convicted of plotting to kill hundreds of people in Manchester was a "cold, calculated terrorist", police have said.
Russia is to reduce its forces in Syria, including its aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, the defence ministry has said.
Rafael Nadal reached the quarter-finals of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over German teenager Alexander Zverev.
A British satellite panel has been found in the Brazilian state of Para, a fisherman has told the BBC.
A teenager has been jailed for life for plotting to kill a British soldier.
A woman who was jailed for stalking a student has won an appeal against her sentence.
A building has collapsed in the Canary Islands, killing at least one person and injuring several others, officials say.
St Johnstone were held to a draw by Lithuanian side FK Trakai in the Scottish League Cup.
Parents have been calling for a cap on term-time holiday prices in the UK.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot on industrial action, the Ministry of Justice has said.
Fulham have signed striker Emmanuel Cyriac from Dutch side Oostende on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Donald Trump has been elected president of the United States.
One of Germany's most notorious art dealers, Cornelius Gurlitt, has died at the age of 83, German officials say.
Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £1bn in new buses and coaches over the next three years.
Granada head coach Tony Adams has resigned after his side were beaten by Espanyol.
Three cars have been involved in a crash in Powys.
Derby County Council has set aside £20m to start work on a new 50m swimming pool in the city centre.
A school has changed its name following the "unforeseen rise" of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, helped by a rise in the price of gold.
Hearing loss is one of the most common health problems in Africa.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in Kent.
Andy Murray has pulled out of next week's Wimbledon Championships because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing Social Democrats have lost their majority in Thursday's general election.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's library in Newport could be threatened with closure under plans being considered by the council.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new world record for the longest break in bagpipes.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in west London.
Pregnant women should be aware of the risk of malaria if they are travelling to high-risk areas, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for the general election with a poster urging people to vote for the party.
Labour has published a draft of its general election manifesto, which it says would be the most detailed in a generation.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she will not meet the Queen if she is elected leader of the party.
The UK job market saw a " slight slowdown" in May, according to a new report.
Brentford Blaze have signed American ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their debts to their football creditors.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of beheading his wife.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials say.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who died in a car fire has appeared in court charged with his murder.
UN investigators say they are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals who have been killed in Syria.
A former Methodist minister hypnotised four boys to sexually abuse them, a court has heard.
The parents of a British man suspected of joining the so-called Islamic State group have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A ferry which was put out of service on its second day in service after hitting a quayside has returned to service.
Plans for more than 500 homes and up to 1,000 new homes in Swansea Bay have been unveiled by the city council.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Republic of Ireland to protest against rising water bills.
Josh Taylor has the potential to become Scotland's first two-weight world champion, according to his trainer Shane McGuigan.
A hoard of paint kits has been discovered in a South African cave more than 100,000 years after humans first became modern.
Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Leeds could be transformed into a "motorway city" under plans being considered by the city council.
Abertay University has been named the best university in the world for its degree level qualifications in computer games development.
For the purists of Scottish independence, the answer to the question was simple.
A British man has been shot dead in Thailand, the Foreign Office has said.
Great Britain secured their place in the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League with a 6-2 win over Argentina in Buenos Aires.
Huddersfield Town manager Paul Heckingbottom is hopeful he will be fit for Saturday's League One match with Burnley.
A takeaway has been temporarily closed after a 21-year-old woman died from allergen poisoning.
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for three years for stealing more than £100,000 from her mother.
A Cardiff-based software firm has won a contract to operate online insurance comparison sites.
North Korea has fired artillery shells at South Korean government buildings in the capital, Seoul, in a fresh provocation, state media report.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of Kabul to protest against rising fuel prices.
A database of more than 390 species and shrubs has been created to help urban planners find the right tree for the right place.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a knee injury.
French justice minister Sylvie Goulard has resigned from the cabinet amid allegations that she took on fake jobs.
Steve Dillon, the British artist who drew the Punisher and Judge Dredd, has died at the age of 69.
Rickie Fowler and Sergio Garcia are one shot off the lead after the second round of the Masters at Augusta, Georgia.
A new map of the dwarf planet Ceres has revealed some of the brightest spots ever seen on its surface.
A man has admitted causing the death of a pensioner by dangerous driving.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Mohammed bin Abdulaziz al-Saud has announced 34 countries will join a regional coalition to fight terrorism.
Russia coach Volodymyr Slutsky has resigned after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Broom has signed a new contract with the League One club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for six months after being found guilty of assaulting England's Joe Root.
Plans for a safari park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by gunmen in the Swat Valley region of north-west Pakistan, police say.
Scotland's former chief medical officer is to lead a review of health and social care targets.
A former doctor who defrauded a patient out of £10,000 has been struck off the medical register.
A senior leader of Bangladesh's main opposition party has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
Matt Wakely and Michael Keogh hit centuries as Leicestershire beat Northamptonshire by eight wickets in a rain-affected match at Chester-le-Street.
More than 100 people have been nominated for bravery awards in Wales.
A film shot in the valleys of Blaenau Gwent has won best original screenplay of a foreign language film at the London International Filmmaker Awards.
Ten people have been charged in connection with a slavery operation at a number of traveller sites.
An Australian man has redecorated his Darth Vader costume for the new Star Wars film Rogue One.
A look back at some of the best-loved movies of the past year.
Rangers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Marc Dorrans on a three-year deal.
A group of sailors have been rescued after their cruiser broke down in the sea off Portaferry.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in Glasgow.
Divers are to remove artefacts from the silt layer of the Carnbroe Canal, police have said.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze university fees in 2016, amid a wave of student protests.
Channel 4's Atlantis has made a big change to its time slot.
Black Friday is set to be the busiest online shopping day of the year, according to analysts.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of methane on Mars.
More than 100,000 children in England have not been offered a place at one of their preferred schools this year, official figures show.
A new exhibition of portraits of some of the world's most famous people has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend is three shots behind leader Tyrrell Hatton after the third round of the BMW PGA Championship.
A girl has been taken to hospital after being bitten by a dog.
Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist known for his criticism of the Lego brand, has donated toy bricks to Lego to defend freedom of speech.
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1.
Ola Jordan and Sally Bercow have been named in the line-up for the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Hearts have signed defender Mohammed Rherras and striker Jordan Sammon on free transfers.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in, seven months after Tony Abbott was ousted as leader.
More than half of children in England are checking their mobile phones before going to bed, according to a survey.
A Rolls-Royce car once owned by Marilyn Dors has sold for $3m (Â£2.5m) at auction in New York.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a co-worker at a takeaway.
The reintroduction of lynx to the Cairngorms National Park could have a "massive impact" on farmers' businesses, a wildlife charity has said.
John Lewis has announced plans to open a new store in Edinburgh's St James Centre by the end of the year.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Rhys Huws and Reading midfielder Alex Samuel on loan until the end of the season.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan who has died after being hit by a train.
A Kenyan student has described how she was forced to flee her college in the capital, Nairobi, after being shot dead by gunmen.
A man who travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group has been jailed for five years and three months.
A US commando force has captured a suspected chemical weapons expert in Iraq, the New York Times reports.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced in November 2014.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child star Hermione Granger has been cast as a black actress.
Christopher Biggins has been removed from Celebrity Big Brother after making homophobic comments about bisexual people, the show has said.
The Danish health service has taken a big step towards catching up with the elite in Europe.
Residents of Gourock in Inverclyde have been told to leave their homes after an unexploded World War Two mine was found on the River Clyde.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has called for the 2022 World Cup to be played in one or two countries.
Worcester City have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
A bell ringer has recreated the chimes of a 17th Century church bell.
The former offices of Reading University are to be turned into apartments as part of a £1m redevelopment.
England fly-half Billy Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury.
A section of the Conwy Valley rail line has been closed for several days due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a street fight.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
At least four whales have been beached off the coast of the French island of La Rochelle, near the Faroe Islands.
A hospital in Greater Manchester is looking to set up a park-and-ride scheme to tackle parking problems.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers due to delays at its Channel Tunnel terminal.
India has seen a sharp drop in the number of women in the workforce, according to a new study.
Leicester defender Jamie Vardy has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
A County Antrim MLA has lost a defamation case against a schoolgirl he mentioned on Facebook.
A primary school that was closed amid a teachers' strike is to reopen to pupils on Thursday.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Murray is confident his side can reach another Pro12 final.
A man has been arrested after a man was killed in a crash on the M4 in Somerset.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found to be over the drink-drive limit on a motorway.
French actress Jean-Marie Lebeau, best known for her role in Casablanca in World War Two, has died at the age of 87.
Stoke City defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a soft muscle injury.
A second round of voting in Argentina's presidential election has been called off.
England's one-day internationals against Bangladesh in the capital, Dhaka, will be played under the watchful eye of the Bangladesh army.
Hundreds of thousands of government employees' emails and passwords have been hacked, according to a security firm.
Brexit Secretary David Davis and the Scottish and Welsh governments will work together to get the best deal for the whole of the UK, Brexit Secretary Ken Russell has said.
Dundee Stars captain Ryan LeFebvre says the EIHL final was a "dream start" for his side.
Welsh lifter Hannah Smith says she is "confident" she will be able to secure a place in Team GB's squad for the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool are interested in signing Ecuador defender Alberto Moreno from Roma for a fee believed to be about £30m.
The architect behind Dundee's new museum has said he is "very happy" with the progress made in its first year of construction.
Thousands of people have rallied in the Italian city of Venice to protest against a drop in the number of residents.
Two men have been jailed for dumping thousands of tonnes of fly waste in a Birmingham suburb.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the government has said.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it is exploring opportunities for Scottish businesses in China.
When Hong Kong's pro-democracy activist Yau Yau was sworn in last month, she was hoping to become the first pro-independence legislator in the territory.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are preparing new laws to tackle cyber crime and the spread of hate speech.
Campaigners have called for a "complete rethink" of the way referendums are run after the UK voted to leave the EU.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Wales looks at the key issues facing the Welsh Conservatives in the general election.
Johanna Konta says she has a "massive amount of room to grow" after reaching the Wimbledon quarter-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League side Evergrande on a season-long loan.
Thousands of homes in Leeds could be without water for several hours after a water main failure.
A children's Christmas attraction at a golf course in Somerset has been forced to close after complaints from customers.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been formally asked to become an MEP.
Ghana's health ministry has reversed its decision to keep nurses under bond.
A man who died after being trampled by cows has called for safer footpaths to be made safer.
Comedian Bill Bailey has apologised after his tour bus was stolen from the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United.
Plymouth Argyle's late winner in the EFL Cup second qualifying round was the "biggest moment" of their career, according to striker Joe Hartley.
Japan's Nikkei index closed lower on Monday despite a better-than-expected economic growth report.
Australia's largest oil and gas producer, Woodside Petroleum, has reported a jump in half-year profits, helped by record production.
How do you keep your business safe from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters?
The Scottish government has published a new code of practice for stopping and searching members of the public.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Tweedbank have resumed after delays caused by Storm Desmond.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has said the number of players tested positive for performance enhancing drugs is "completely off-the-scale".
Pope Francis has condemned the "genocide" of Armenians during World War One, saying it was "like allowing a wound to keep bleeding".
Lance Armstrong's public confession that he took performance-enhancing drugs in the 1990s has sparked a debate about whether the American has changed.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to drink from a stainless steel pint cup?
A new search and rescue team has been launched at the Inverness base.
Cardiff City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were available for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has voted to censure Prime Minister Victor Grindeanu for failing to carry out anti-corruption measures.
Sky has admitted that some of its broadband customers in the north-east of England have been experiencing slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under "constant review" after an attack in which a man was shot dead by police.
More than 100 patients with a rare form of leukaemia have shown no side-effects after reducing their dosage, a study suggests.
A British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Queensland, Australia, has been named by police.
Atletico Madrid captain Luis Suarez says there is fear that Barcelona will be eliminated from the Champions League if they fail to reach the semi-finals.
A Northern Ireland film-maker is hoping to join the growing film industry in Los Angeles.
Two men have been arrested after police seized drugs worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) in Londonderry.
Jeremy Corbyn has become Labour leader for the first time in more than a decade.
In the midlands of the Republic of Ireland, the town of Longford was once one of the most spectacular sights in the world.
Boris Johnson is to visit Russia in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has said.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a British warship off the coast of France.
The government has rejected calls for local authorities to be given new powers to restrict the growth of fixed-odds betting machines.
Ethiopian runners have been reacting to the news that one of the country's most famous athletes has retired from running.
Japanese media tycoon Hideki Kita has been in the news for a long time.
Luis Suarez has been given a four-month ban by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Dundee County have signed Lithuania international midfielder Tomas Sernas on loan until the end of the season.
US Soccer has announced new rules for children heading footballs in England.
Media giant 21st Century Fox has made a £11.25bn takeover bid for Sky, according to Reuters' calculations.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
Police are appealing for witnesses after two men armed with a knife threatened a postal worker in Glasgow.
More than 2,000 teenagers have taken part in the Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor.
Stormont's finance committee opens an inquiry into a £1.24bn deal to buy Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died in a swimming accident in Gwynedd.
A 56-year-old man has been reported to prosecutors over allegations of sexual assault at a school in Fife.
Former Newcastle United player N'Golo Tiote's funeral has taken place in the Chinese city of Shandong Lueng.
Asian shares fell sharply on Monday as the price of copper fell to its lowest level in four years.
Blackberry, the maker of the Z10 smartphone, has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year.
Oil and gas services firm Proserv has won two contract wins in the North Sea.
A pay rise "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in the course of this Parliament to ensure an adequate supply of teachers, the Teaching Support Board (STRB) has said.
Voters in the European Union have returned to the polls for the first time in more than a century.
Mae cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe wedi croesawu casgliadau'r adroddiad yng Nghymru.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not hold a referendum on a council tax rise after a majority of residents said no.
The United Nations has called for a quota on the amount of corn produced in the US to be suspended.
Curvy glasses make it harder to pace yourself with soft drinks, a study suggests.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed midfielder James Dugdale on a two-year deal and left-back Jack Cole on a free transfer.
Kickstarter has been accused of being a "shambolic" scam.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has begun in the US state of Massachusetts.
The NHS strike in England has been described as the biggest in the history of the NHS.
A Mississippi funeral home is suing the co-owner of a mortuary that handled the funerals of "well over a dozen" gay men.
Nottingham's caves are to be opened to the public in a virtual reality tour.
The mother of a baby who died after being left in a car in Australia suffered a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered a gene that makes it easier for cancer to spread in the body.
England all-rounder Laura Brunt took three wickets as Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League with a narrow win over Hobart Hurricanes.
The result of the local elections in Dumfries and Galloway has been hailed as a "victory" for the Scottish Conservatives.
An MP is appealing for help to save a Grade II* listed house that was once home to the famous British artist Helen Bell.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering asking for asylum in the UK.
Cladding used in the Grenfell Tower fire has failed to meet the government's fire safety targets, the home secretary has said.
North Korea has launched a new drink that can cure the hangover, according to the Pyongyang Times.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Keith Richards says his side are a much better side than London Irish in the Premiership.
The father of a six-year-old boy who was left alone on a bus in Powys has said he is "shocked" by the incident.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of exaggerating the impact of the Paris climate agreement on global temperatures.
An Army reservist who died after collapsing on a training exercise was "push themselves to the limit", an inquest has heard.
Google is developing a way to detect cancer and other diseases in the blood, the company has announced.
Ghana coach Ashraf Ghani says he is happy with the way his players have responded to criticism.
League One side Morecambe have signed defender Ryan Edwards on a season-long loan from Shrewsbury Town.
A carer who stole more than £100,000 from a disabled man has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said he is " overwhelmingly in favour" of a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her daughter's disappearance that police failed to investigate whether she had been murdered.
More than one million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report has found.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in Glasgow city centre.
At least 36 people have been killed in a Saudi-led coalition air strike on a rebel-held military base in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, officials say.
A motion of no confidence in the Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Micheál Frazer has been passed by the Irish parliament.
Jonathan Rea secured his first win of the 2016 World Superbike Championship with victory in the final race of the season in Paris.
The US military has said it will not release 37 Afghan prisoners it plans to free from Bagram jail.
Ben Affleck has won the Directors Guild of America (DGA) award for his film Argo, which has been nominated for best picture at the Oscars.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence has said it has begun an operation to "rid" the country's border territories of Islamist militants.
Tributes have been paid to former Wales rugby star Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 87.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in the leg.
Britain's Liam Latham won bronze in the men's keirin at the World Para-cycling Championships.
Ospreys have won the European Challenge Cup for the first time in their history.
Lizzie Richardson is to play Lucia in a new Channel 4 comedy series about a war.
Joseph Clark was a father of three from Liverpool who died in the Hillsborough disaster on 15 April, 1989.
Two teenagers have admitted carrying out a machete attack on a taxi driver.
Jodie Taylor's late goal earned England a 1-0 win over the Netherlands in their first Women's Euro 2017 warm-up match.
Bath have signed Newport Gwent Dragons prop Jonny Evans on a two-year deal.
Britain's James Thomson has finished third in the Men's Tour of New Zealand.
The Australian Greens party has filed a motion calling US presidential candidate Donald Trump a "revolting slug" ahead of the US election.
Olympic gold medallist Vanessa Redgrave and Paralympic champion Chris Hoy are among the stars who will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Games.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has paid £1.5m in compensation to the owner of a drilling rig which was grounded last year.
Thousands of lorries have been stranded on the M20 in Kent for days because of strikes and migrants.
A man who died after being shot in the head in Cardiff has been named by police.
Eoin Brathwaite's stunning century helped West Indies beat England by seven wickets in the World Twenty20 final in Barbados.
Jermaine Coetzee, one of South Africa's most notorious anti-apartheid spies, has died at the age of 83.
Six men have been charged with criminal offences over the Hillsborough disaster, the Crown Prosecution Service has announced.
Archaeologists have uncovered Bronze Age artefacts at a site on the site of a new road in Inverness.
In the centre of the German city of Bavaria, the streets are bustling with activity.
The Workers Party has said it is "disappointed" by the BBC's decision not to broadcast its candidates in the general election.
A van used by pop star Chris Mayweather has been set alight after it was set on fire.
A 10-year-old girl has been seriously injured after a vapouriser exploded on a Hogwarts train, police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in central London.
The number of people with sight problems in the developing world is expected to soar in the coming decades, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Wednesday's 1-0 friendly win over Nigeria in Warsaw will give his side confidence for the next few months.
A man who carried a fake gun near a Worthing primary school has been jailed.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, the BBC looks at some of the activities taking place in London to mark All Saints Day.
New rules on how broadband adverts are advertised have come into force in England.
A Post Office worker has been seriously injured in a serious assault at Gala Park in the Borders.
The prospect of Northern Ireland devolving corporation tax to the Republic of Ireland is "gravely concerning", a business group has said.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has been partially collapsed following heavy rain.
Leyton Orient striker Lee Williams has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have been re-elected to the House of Commons in a series of by-elections.
Plans to cut services in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved by councillors.
The death of Liam Fee in Fife in January 2014 was the result of a "break in contact" between social services and his nursery, a court has heard.
US President Donald Trump has signed a travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
The Australian government has announced plans to revoke citizenship from dual nationals convicted of terrorism-related offences.
Eight soldiers have been sentenced for disobeying a command during a protest at a parade in the Brecon Beacons.
A man has been seriously injured in a "completely unprovoked" attack in a Glasgow pub.
Rock star Kevin Hart has revealed he is to release a new album.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open final for the first time with a straight-set win over Britain's Dan Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from football.
Wigan Athletic have signed defender Ryan Dunkley from Oxford United on a two-year deal.
The vast majority of the ocean is unregulated, according to Oxford University scientists.
The death toll from the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be determined by the Public Health Inquiry (FAI).
Former enterprise minister Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) because of his links to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The closure of the police control room service in Dumfries has been described as a "sad day" for the town and its staff.
The Scottish government is considering extending the Borders Railway to Hawick and Carlisle, it has been announced.
A campaign group has lost its bid to overturn a decision to allow a wind farm in Conwy county to run overhead cables.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino and Salomon Rondon are as good for the club as Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy.
A collection of miniature sheep sculptures has been created in the Lake District to raise money for a rehabilitation centre.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 1-0 defeat by Spain in their Euro 2016 qualifier was a "special" result.
An early copy of a Byzantine gold pendant has been found in Norfolk.
A prominent UKIP donor has said he has been suspended from the party pending an appearance at a meeting of its ruling NEC.
Plans to improve Cardiff's transport system have been unveiled.
Two County Londonderry umpires have become the first women to officiate a senior county cricket match.
A woman who was raped and sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale has staged a protest against a council's handling of historical child abuse cases.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead in a Dublin street.
A "zombie" bug has been found hanging from the legs of caterpillars on a Moss Side field.
A "cold, calculating, predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for life for raping and sexually abusing children.
Bolton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Brentford.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" a police team is now looking seriously at the car he was driving.
Alex Davies and Tom Jarvis hit centuries as Derbyshire fought back against Lancashire on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over DR Congo.
Eight Aston Villa fans and seven Leicester fans have been arrested after a fight at the end of the Premier League match.
It was the darkest night of the war in Manchester.
Tom Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford beat Widnes to record a record 38th Super League try of the season.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A man who killed a woman at a hotel in Newport intending to serve his entire sentence, a court has heard.
People with chronic illnesses are more likely to lose hope and their sense of identity, a study has suggested.
Six Russian athletes have been suspended by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) for failing drugs tests.
Australia's biggest bank, the Clydesdale, has set aside another £500m to compensate customers for the mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A two-year-old zebra has died after being shot at a golf course in Japan.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a hospital in Aberdeen.
France's President Francois Hollande has said he will not shake hands with the president and prime minister of the country, after a series of attacks in Paris.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of a polygraph test for new police recruits.
A rare Mein Kampf book by Adolf Hitler is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time.
A former chief executive of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has been accused of involvement in a corruption scheme.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Tom Rachubka on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jamaica and the UK have agreed a deal to build a new £1bn prison in the capital, Kingston.
Bangladesh's central bank has been accused of not doing enough to protect it from hackers who stole $81m (Â£40m) of cash in February.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
Aberdeen winger Jonny Foster remembers the moment he was confronted by a Rangers fan on social media.
A Scottish engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Brechin.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Murray in the first round of the Aegon Championships at Wimbledon.
Universities in England are now advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit, the government has announced.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man died following an incident in a pub in Harrogate.
Mae'r datblygwyr yn dweud y byddai'r cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy gostio £425m ond mae Llywodraeth Cymru.
Huddersfield Town moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Norwich City.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero does not play in Sunday's derby against Manchester City.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says he is relishing the prospect of playing his 1,000th game at Stoke City.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their leading forwards for their Champions League play-off semi-final against Rosenborg.
Dumfries and Galloway Council's major festivals and events strategy has "generally met its objectives", according to a review.
The number of inmates killed at a prison in Gloucestershire has more than doubled in the past year, according to the Department for Justice.
Ulster captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to follow Paul O'Connell as Ireland coach.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in the National Log Carving Championships in Scotland.
Schools in England are being set up to meet demand for corporal punishment after a teacher was found guilty of abusing children.
It has been described as one of the most brutal scenes in Shakespeare's playwright's work.
The UK's energy regulator has urged consumers to switch suppliers for savings of hundreds of pounds.
Drake has been announced as one of the headline acts for this year's Lulworth Festival.
St Helens prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking Newcastle prop Scott Lawson with his forearm during Saturday's defeat by the Falcons.
Jeremy Corbyn has called for properties to be found, requisitioned and re-housed in London in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
The price of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen sharply following the publication of a new version of the currency.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash on a busy road in Lancashire.
A group of Saudi Arabian girls have won a prestigious international competition in the US.
Ospreys maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
A yellow "be aware" warning of freezing temperatures has been issued for parts of Scotland.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an abscess in his appendix, the BBC understands.
Cryptography has been at the heart of a long-running dispute between the US government and the FBI.
When Deutsche Bank published its forecast for the general election in May, it looked at two possible outcomes.
The pace of US manufacturing expansion slowed in June, according to a closely watched survey.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Hugh Kinsella visits the Democratic Republic of Congo to meet some of the Congolese boxers hoping to follow in Muhammad Ali's footsteps.
It is a busy day at Camden leisure centre.
It's been a busy year for homeless people in England.
Aer Lingus has announced it is cancelling some of its summer routes in the UK.
At least two people have been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Izmir, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to former British Prime Minister David Cameron, who has died at the age of 91.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in Woodford, Greater Manchester.
Portadown will take on Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Saturday.
Virtually every aspect of the conflict in eastern Ukraine is controlled by virtual warriors.
A man has been jailed for two years after admitting possessing weapons with an estimated street value of £1m at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel's Scunthorpe plant could be sold to a private equity firm.
American Phil Mickelson carded a one-over-par 63 in his first round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
The transport system for the Olympic Games in London has been hit by a series of problems.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, but shares in Dixons Carphone rose after it reported a rise in like-for-like sales.
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has reached a six-year high, official figures show.
Land managers have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
A singer is visiting the US to encourage more people to sign up as bone marrow donors.
The budget for 2017/18 is due to be presented to AMs later.
A lorry has crashed into a house and burst into flames.
England prop Alex Healy and prop Cianbisiero have been ruled out of the British and Irish Lions tour of Argentina.
Malaysia's investment fund 1MDB has been at the centre of a huge money-laundering scandal for years.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in Govanhill.
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
A key youth unemployment scheme in Wales has been temporarily closed after the European Social Fund budget was cut.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Belfast in support of women's rights.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a park.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in the workforce is to be held by the Scottish government.
The family of a woman who was taken to hospital by ambulance because of a lack of staff have criticised a hospital's emergency department.
The European Parliament has accused Marine Le Pen's far-right National Front (FN) of fraudulently receiving €1m (£1.5m) from the party.
The UK is to introduce a £35,000 salary cap on the number of migrants granted settlement.
Britannia has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 consecutive years.
London Underground (LU) has been accused of misleading union Aslef over plans to introduce all-night services.
An 18th Century fort is to go on display for the first time in Wales.
A number of homes in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire have been flooded after torrential rain caused flooding.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
The EU has said it is in talks with Turkey over a plan to return all migrants to the country in return for financial aid and other conditions.
The UK has warned its citizens of the risks of travelling to the US because of new anti-LGBT laws in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Gillingham chairman Alan Scally has said the club's future is at risk if they do not build a new stadium.
A man has been found dead at a house in Londonderry.
Derby County's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a blow as they were beaten by Ipswich Town.
Underarm throwing is the best way to get a piece of paper into a bin, according to a new study.
Warwickshire have signed right-arm spinner Liam Thornton from Championship side Berkswell for an undisclosed fee.
The Vote Leave campaign has launched a competition to predict the result of every game in the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow across much of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he would be surprised if there was a big exodus of players from the club this summer.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has said he will not be replaced by Sepp Blatter.
More than a third of men in the UK are diagnosed with meningitis.
Newcastle United have dropped darts pundit Eric Bristow after he made homophobic comments about child sex abuse victims.
Two people have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC is to become a "curator bringing the best from Britain's great cultural institutions and thinkers to everyone", the corporation has said.
US home improvement retailer Home Depot has reported a surge in sales, helped by a warm winter.
Tranmere Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on a two-year deal following his release by League Two side Dale.
A Turkish court has ordered the trial of eight men accused of their part in a deadly coal mine disaster.
The UK-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq has said it will "fall soon" in Mosul, the last major city in the country under its control.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6-4 6-2 win over Croatia's Marcelo Dodig and Bruno Soares.
A 26-year-old man has appeared in court in connection with a security alert at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced 10 policemen to death for their role in the killing of a group of Sikh men in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh 25 years ago.
China is "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are", says a leading British education expert.
Civil servants are to be asked to give their views on executive pay as part of a shake-up of the way companies are run.
A Glasgow shipbuilder has announced plans to re-employ more than 1,300 staff following a buyout.
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager who was murdered in Greater Manchester more than 40 years ago has been shown on BBC Crimewatch.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash have said they are "utterly broken" by her death.
A third member of the Northern Ireland States Board has resigned.
Guus Hiddink has been appointed Chelsea manager for the first time since Jose Mourinho was sacked on Thursday.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson reached the final of the Shanghai Masters with a 6-4 6-2 win over the world's top seeds.
Australia won the Tri-Nations for the first time in their history with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A surf lagoon in Conwy county has been closed for the winter because of a fault.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed building from fire after it was destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Higher education is the "best possible antidote" to radicalisation, according to the new vice chancellor of Oxford University.
The Lego Movie has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle.
Three senior staff at Dumfries and Galloway Council have left the authority.
World number one Lydia Ko is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Women's Major of the Year.
Joe Garner has been appointed as the new chief executive of the UK's biggest bank, Nationwide.
Kilmarnock have signed Callum Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Concerns have been raised over plans to merge two schools in Gwynedd.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for life for conspiring to smuggle firearms into the UK from the Netherlands.
The New Horizons spacecraft is due to make its first flyby of Pluto.
Wasps have signed England fly-half Danny Cipriani on a two-year deal.
The government has given the go-ahead for the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Grimsby Town came from behind to beat Aldershot Town and keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
McDonald's Japan says it will stop serving potatoes until the end of the year because of a food shortage.
Oxford Tigers have signed Wales scrum-half George Roberts for Saturday's Six Nations match against Cambridge University.
Judges in England and Wales could be able to send rapists to jail for life if modern technology proves to be an aggravating factor in increasing victim suffering.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year deal.
Austria's new president has said he will work with the far-right Freedom Party to form a government.
At the age of 14, Jordan Spieth was offered the chance to buy a pair of golf clubs for $10,000 (Â£6,000).
Thousands of people who failed to renew their tax credits or reported changes to their circumstances have been urged to take action.
Bolton Wanderers have confirmed that manager Chris Wilder has been appointed as their new manager.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach David Johnston says his side's weekend was a good opportunity to make it two wins from two in the Elite League.
A new container ship has arrived at the Port of Felixstowe in Suffolk for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their 100% start to the T20 Blast campaign with a six-wicket win over Gloucestershire at Cardiff.
The government's plans to pump £415m into schools over the next two years are "d perverse and counterproductive", a local authority has said.
Land Rover has unveiled a new version of its iconic Defender car.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says he wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
US paint maker PPG has rejected a bid from Akzo Nobel for the paints and coatings firm.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle secured their first SWPL League Cup win of the season with a 5-1 win over Glasgow City in the first round.
The Red Cross says it has been forced to close a key port in Yemen because of a lack of supplies.
United Airlines has halted its Belfast to Newark air route after the European Union blocked a funding package.
South Africa's failure to score goals in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Gabon is a huge blow to their chances of qualifying for next year's finals, says coach David Mashaba.
Wikipedia has launched a new Russian edition of the website.
When Ben Fearon retired from bobsleigh at the end of last season, his career was over.
Stuart Boyd has backed the idea of Scottish football playing in the United States.
Four men have been arrested after a girl and her cousin were killed in a crash in Oldham.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed Southampton midfielder Ryan Gape on a season-long loan deal.
An eight-year-old boy who ran the Great Yorkshire Run has been named the Yorkshire Business Enterprise of the Year.
The BBC's global coverage of climate change has dropped by as much as 55% in the last year.
Former England captain David Ginola has launched a campaign to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of Fifa.
Defending champion Laura Doherty has been drawn against Laura Evans in the third round of qualifying for the World Championship at the Crucible.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl against an England legend.
Burkina Faso coach Oscar Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Gabon next month.
A police officer used a Taser on a man who was threatening to set himself alight, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has rejected a new offer from the RMT union in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
At least one person has died and more than 1,000 homes have been destroyed in wildfires in northern California, officials say.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr by mutual consent and have appointed Steve Watson as their new manager.
Police searching for two women suspected of abducting a jogger in California have found a message branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
A bid has been made to reopen a World War One hot baths in Reading after a council agreed to sell the building.
It's been a busy week in the world of emoji.
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".
England's Cameron Hadwin missed the cut at the European Masters as he carded a final-round three-over-par 66 to finish tied for the lead.
A community group in County Down is planning to hold a protest parade in the area of Crumlin Ardoyne.
A sapling planted by the Scottish suffragettes more than 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Michael Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling with immediate effect.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has helped him return to the England squad.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station in the western state of Andhra Pradesh has been operational for the first time.
A coroner has said he will write to the Department of Health about the safety of patients at weekends.
Ospreys coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
A Royal Navy dockyard has been placed under special measures after a worker received a dose of radiation.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Birmingham City's Adam Adams has had his appeal against his red card against Bristol City upheld by the Football Association.
A father and son who were found dead at a house in London have been named by police.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for a national ban on bringing animals on to hospital wards.
Young people are turning to stimulant laxatives to help lose weight, according to a charity called Beat.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, what do we think about the implications for the UK's trade relationship with the EU?
Irish police have arrested a third man in connection with the London terror attack.
Teachers' pay in Wales will be devolved, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new permanent exhibition at the former Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
Wales has resettled more Syrian refugees than any other UK jurisdiction in the past three months.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of running and running events in Windsor.
A Norwegian soldier has been killed in a collision with a tank during a military exercise in the north-east of the country, police say.
At a mosque in the north-eastern Nigerian city of Kano, a group of suicide bombers has killed at least 188 worshippers and injured hundreds more.
Italian police have seized more than 1m euros (£1.5m) in assets belonging to a convicted fraudster.
Two men in Singapore have been sentenced to up to eight strokes of the cane for vandalism.
A project to protect the history of the Snowdonia mountains has been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian government facility, saying it was the right choice to strengthen its nuclear deterrence.
Belfast Giants will play the Belfast Lightning in their first Elite League game of 2017-18.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terror charges, his lawyer has said.
A memorial service has been held in Camden to mark the completion of the £1bn High Street line.
Chris Stevens hit a career-best century as Kent beat Essex by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has accused the Syrian government of providing "every possible and necessary aid" to the rebels.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said there is "much to be done" in the second independence referendum.
A large fire has broken out at a house in Buckinghamshire.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Cameras are to be installed in Pembrokeshire to help police investigate complaints against officers.
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa in a bid to raise money for Sport Relief.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson says Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he joined Celtic.
A 22-year-old woman has died after being found unconscious in her cell at a police station.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt said his side were "desperate not to be part of what happened in Saturday's Six Nations defeat by Argentina".
A Japanese father who left his seven-year-old son alone for six days has said he forgives him.
A man who was found guilty of drink driving after a night out in Aberdeenshire has been given a community payback order.
The owners of a Denbighshire hospital will have to pay more than £1m after a public inquiry into the condition of the site was dismissed.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on forced leave after a video emerged of him kicking a lorry driver in the head.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, says former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
A modelling agency has been branded "a business in the 21st Century" after it advertised for a "sexy female driver" for £50,000-a-year.
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, a Church of England survey has found.
The graves of four young girls killed in a bomb explosion at a Wrexham cottage were unmarked for more than a century, according to historians.
The daughter of former House of Lords peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse as "bonkers".
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies in Florida and Ohio.
The presence of tabloid newspapers in the home during childhood is linked to poor cognitive attainment, a study suggests.
Lincoln City have signed former Grimsby Town midfielder Matt Davis on a two-year deal.
Some of the dogs who have been taking part in the UK's general election have been sharing their pictures on social media.
Justice Secretary Philip Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Aid workers in Vanuatu have reached some of the worst-hit areas of the country after Cyclone Debbie hit the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a Kurdish woman in the German city of Hannover.
Barnsley moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable win over Coventry, thanks to goals from Ryan Roberts and Tom Fletcher.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor start to the season is down to a lack of confidence.
When Kanu Gandhi arrived at the ashram of the Mahatma Gandhi in the western Indian state of Gujarat in 1938, he was greeted by a steady stream of visitors.
A man has been arrested after two women were assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
A company that built a communications centre in Torfaen has gone into liquidation.
A mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of four sexual assaults has resigned.
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
Cyclists have been banned from riding in Mansfield Market Place ahead of the Tour of Britain, a council has said.
Three Syrian refugees who escaped from police in the German city of Leipzig have been awarded the highest civilian honour for their bravery.
Household wealth in England rose by more than a third in real terms in the late 2000s, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing Podemos party has launched its manifesto ahead of the country's general election on Monday.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
BP has two big reasons to be optimistic about the future of oil prices.
A Pembrokeshire school has defended its uniform policy after more than 60 pupils were sent home for failing to meet its standards.
Bollywood star Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film based on the life of an Indian boxer who fled violence in the north-eastern state of Assam.
The Forth Crossing Bridge project has been given its "best shot" of opening by May 2017, the project's boss has said.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
The people of Wukan, a village in Guangdong province in southern China, are calling for the government to be re-elected.
"Greatest election campaign I have ever seen."
A £1m production line for washing machines in Kent has been given the go-ahead by the government.
US President Barack Obama has criticised the UK's intervention in Libya, saying there is "room for criticism".
A man who was convicted of a shoot to kill incident 32 years ago is to have his conviction quashed at the Court of Appeal in Belfast.
North Korea has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government, state media report.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas from Doonhamers for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Leigh Centurions moved to the top of the Super League table with a comfortable victory over Salford Red Devils.
Jaime Winstone and Sam Spiro are to play Dame Barbara Windsor in a new biopic of her life.
Militineers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Bouaké, in the north-eastern city of Abidjan, officials say.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to end a tax on tampons and other feminine hygiene products.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the UK is "turning a corner" in its economic recovery.
It's not every day that you spend a lot of time in Brussels.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the next assembly term.
Plans for a new £1bn school in Sheffield have been approved by the city council.
The price of Scottish pork has fallen by 18% in the last year, according to a trade union.
There are plenty of people making goods that are just as good as they are made.
A gang of thieves who stole power cables worth more than £1m have been jailed for three years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour's home in Los Angeles.
Schools across Scotland are now being asked to include children with disabilities in all aspects of school life.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens hooker Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Sir Rod Temperton, the songwriter who wrote the hit Thriller, has died.
England women's captain Katie Taylor has been ruled out of the one-day series against Pakistan because of a knee injury.
Kenneth Zohore scored his first goal for Cardiff City as they came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
A man has denied causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bus in Liverpool.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 and M8 motorways as part of a £1.5m project to improve safety.
Moeen Ali took a career-best 58 to help England take control of the second Test against South Africa on day three at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is a sport that has been going on for many years in Scotland.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Duncan Jones says it is "disappointing" that the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has not signed a new contract with the Welsh region.
Retail nurseries are being squeezed out of the UK garden market, according to broadcaster Monty Don.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued from a sinking ship off the coast of Oban.
Oscar Pistorius has told a murder trial in South Africa that his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp was killed by a cricket bat while he was holding her.
Israeli police have raided the homes of executives and frozen bank accounts as part of an investigation into the alleged price-fixing of high school trips to Holocaust memorials.
Bradford came from behind to draw with Oldham in League One.
Nice have signed former Galatasaray defender Gerard Sneijder for an undisclosed fee.
Dover secured their first National League win of the season with a 3-1 win over Chester.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation event in Falmouth.
Work to upgrade key motorway routes in North Lanarkshire and East Kilbride has begun.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter, a police and crime commissioner has said.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he would rather see David Cameron and the Conservatives back in government than actually work with the SNP.
The number of weddings held in Gretna has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old son has told police she fears she will be taken away.
Councillors in Haverfordwest have voted to hold a second consultation on the future of two schools in the town.
There's been a lot of talk about the number of children needing hospital treatment in the UK.
The family of a boy who was seriously injured by a dog in Cardiff has been ordered to pay £1m in damages.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue.
House prices in the UK rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
A flag from the Battle of the Somme is believed to have been flown above Nelson's warship, a man has said.
A British student has been jailed for five years in the United Arab Emirates after cocaine with a street value of £3,000 was found in his car.
Police detectives have been given the all-clear to hand over the transcripts of a former loyalist paramilitary leader's account of the Troubles.
Russia's Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his bronze medal at the Rio Olympics after failing a drugs test.
Antonio scored twice as Watford came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest.
Wales is "more important than ever" to spread the message of peace and unity over Christmas, the first minister has said.
The PGA Tour has been urged by the sport's governing body to comply with anti-doping rules.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to have a Facebook account pretending to be you?
Police have released CCTV footage of a raid on a cafe in Sydney that led to the death of a hostage.
Four Royal Navy frigates are to be recycled after being put up for sale.
Salford Red Devils have signed South Africa international Tyrone McCarthy from Wolves for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln.
The UN chemical weapons watchdog has declared Syria's chemical weapons stockpile safe.
Cystic fibrosis is likely to be a fundamental treatment for the disease, say doctors.
A bookshop dubbed one of the best in the world is facing a £5,000 bill to keep it standing for another 40 years.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland.
The House of Lords has voted to back plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting England.
A man has been jailed for six months for posting "callous and in the extreme" racist comments on Facebook.
The Cyprus parliament has voted in favour of a bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund.
Two of the highest cliffs in St Kilda archipelago have been climbed by mountain rescue team members.
A speeding camera on the M4 in Cardiff has caught more than 13,000 drivers in a year, according to a transport body.
The inquest into the death of a suicide bomber who killed 22 people at a concert in Manchester has been opened with a minute's silence.
The Department of the Department of Defence (DDR) has been ordered to pay £1m in damages over the failure to secure a contract for a new dual carriageway.
Mae cynllunio amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal i'r gogledd a'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth.
A doctor who inflicted "brutal and sustained" injuries on patients in Nottingham has had his jail term increased to five years.
Two disabled people have lost a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their welfare benefits.
David Cameron and the SNP have clashed over the government's handling of the tax debate in the House of Commons.
A number of shots have been fired in the German city of Friedrich-Stoltze, close to the main police station.
The Department of Education and the employers of Northern Ireland's teachers' unions have rejected an offer of a 1% pay rise.
More than half of nurseries and childminders in England say they will not introduce free childcare, according to a survey.
Flamingo cadavers stand proud while having a doze.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Londonderry.
The RMT union has agreed a deal with London Underground to allow night Tube staff to take part in strike action.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones has taken part in the London Marathon in a bid to raise awareness of missing children.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey for allegedly insulting the president, her lawyer says.
Two RNLI lifeboats have been called out to help search for a man believed to have fallen from a bridge in Broughty Ferry.
Plans for a £1bn shopping and leisure complex have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Latin American countries have expressed concern after Venezuela's Supreme Court ruled that the National Assembly was in contempt of court.
Council tax on social care in Wales would disproportionately affect some parts of Wales, the Welsh Government has said.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a park in Carmarthenshire.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers for January, following a rise in international flights.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
In the wake of the protests in Nicosia over a bailout deal for the island's banks, there was a sense of unease in Europe.
Two hunters have appeared in court in Zimbabwe charged with poaching after a lion was killed by hunters.
A Canadian military member has been suspended after a group of First Nations protesters clashed with members of the armed forces in Halifax.
The Conservatives have won the Cheshire seat of Tatton, which was held by Labour.
At least 11 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana has said.
A bus has crashed into a wall and a barrier overhanging the Jed Water in West Lothian.
A man who carried out a "brutal and senseless" murder on a woman he met on a night out has been jailed for life.
Scotland has missed its target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2020, according to new figures.
Who was King Arthur and how Welsh he would have been?
Work on the new high-speed rail line between Birmingham and Coventry is set to cause a "huge number" of weekend closures, a transport group has warned.
A lorry driver has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a mother and her unborn baby.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his work practices.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was set alight in a house fire.
A tree office is to be built in east London.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has dropped knights and dames from the Order of Australia.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 24-24 on Sunday to win the Super Bowl, despite being under investigation by the NFL.
A Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film has said it was a "dream come true".
AC Milan have signed defender Matej Benedicic on a two-year deal.
A worker has described the construction of a £1bn arts centre in north Wales as a "mess".
It was early in the morning when we arrived at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon.
The parents of a teenager who was shot dead by a mentally ill man 16 years ago say they are planning to retire the charity.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a crash in Londonderry.
An Orange Order parade has been held in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast.
Shares in brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev have risen after it raised its offer for rival SABMiller.
A humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted off the coast of Australia for the first time.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government faces "tough choices" over its spending plans.
A Danish court has sentenced a former journalist to 18 months in jail for leaking information about the country's royal family.
Huddersfield Town midfielder David Andrew has been given a one-match ban for violent conduct during the 2-2 draw with Everton.
Nottinghamshire have signed former England batsman James Taylor and former Yorkshire batsman David Sales on two-year deals.
Former Manchester United midfielder Nani says he is "very confident" Valencia will have better results in the future.
England manager Sam Allardyce says he is concerned about the future of goalkeeper Joe Hart at Manchester City.
Matt O'Shea's late goal secured victory for League One strugglers Port Vale over League Two strugglers Barnsley.
China's imports fell in September from a year earlier, according to official figures.
A peer has been found guilty of sending a threatening Facebook message to immigration campaigner Michelle Miller, saying she should "send them back to their stinking jungles".
The number of drink-drive deaths in England and Wales has risen by more than a third in the past year, figures show.
More than half of Scottish businesses believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to a Fraser of Allander survey.
Manchester United will be without captain Wayne Rooney, who has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
France's centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over their economic policies in a televised debate.
Doting fathers are more likely to have a positive impact on their babies' cognitive development, a study suggests.
The government will continue to fund free school meals for all infant children, Downing Street has said.
Black bags should be collected weekly in Pembrokeshire, according to a council policy review committee.
A California man has been jailed for 16 years for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A football club has become the first in the UK to go vegan by eliminating animal products from its menu.
Rotherham United have signed former Ballymena United midfielder Michael van Zanten on a two-year deal.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi-finals with a straight-set win over American Serena Williams.
MSPs have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull boss Marco Silva has made only one change to his starting line-up for Saturday's Premier League game at Burnley.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War One Bomber Command pilot who died in hospital in Lancashire.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson won gold in the heptathlon at the European Indoor Championships in London.
A survivor of the terror attack on a train in Brussels has described how he and other passengers were abandoned by train staff.
A Galapagos tortoise, one of the world's most endangered animals, has died at the age of 90.
The USA women's football team will be honoured in a parade in New York later.
The funeral of two Irish boys who were found dead in a car in County Mayo has taken place.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years and eight months for sexually assaulting a child under the age of 13.
Plans for a new post-16 education centre in Torfaen have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Photographs of Dambusters raids during World War Two have been sold at auction.
A County Fermanagh butcher has created a new type of Easter egg - this time it is a pork sausage.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino "should have done better" after the striker scored his first goal for the club in the 1-0 win over Aston Villa.
A Russian conductor has performed in the Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time since Islamic State (IS) militants attacked the city in July.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a live broadcast of an opera about the hijacking of a Palestinian cruise ship by Palestinian militants.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says he is relishing the prospect of helping Hibernian return to the top of the Scottish Premiership.
The UK has abandoned its leadership on climate change, a UN climate change expert has said.
A robot that could not read or understand has outperformed thousands of high-school pupils in Japan, according to Prof Yoko Arai.
A Syrian rebel group says it has captured the pilot of a jet which crashed in the north-eastern province of Idlib on Sunday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is in talks with Toulon about becoming their new head coach.
The voice of Kermit the Frog has been removed from the Muppets, according to reports.
Police investigating the death of a 19-year-old man in Larkhall have said they believe the answer to his death lies within the community.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says his side can turn around their poor start to the Super League season.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to remove midfielder Mats Hummels from the squad.
A house in Londonderry has been damaged in two separate arson attacks.
Plans to raise the minimum wage and scrap zero-hours contracts are among Labour's manifesto pledges for Wales.
A swan that was shot in the head with a bow and arrow in Fife has been released into care by the Scottish SPCA.
Non-formal and in-work education is to be added to the register of voluntary youth services in Wales, the council has announced.
Saudi Arabia has carried out a record number of executions in the coming days, according to reports by local media.
Bristol City have signed former Huddersfield Town midfielder Ben Morgan-Smith on a two-year deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from a cattle ranch in the Canadian city of Toronto.
Four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff ledge in Skye.
The Crown Office has ruled there is insufficient evidence to prosecute a Dundee West MP over his involvement in a fire engine campaign.
There is only one party in a position to secure an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Reading for pleasure can boost mental and physical health, according to a report.
Silverstone's owners have triggered a break clause to prevent the British Grand Prix being moved to London, says former Formula 1 driver Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in Bridgend county has installed a high-definition weather camera in a bid to cut the number of launches.
United Airlines has become the first airline in the world to reward hackers who report security flaws.
Michael Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Scientists have discovered that angry faces make horses' heart rates speed up.
Police have carried out more than 100 breath tests across north Wales as part of a campaign to reduce deaths on the roads.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by two men in Edinburgh.
Carlos Charles scored the only goal of the game as Atletico Madrid beat Sporting Gijon to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Andre Davies scored twice as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
Finance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on their next Premier League game against Manchester City.
A new HIV prevention drug is to be made available on the NHS in Wales, the health minister has announced.
A Russian track and field athlete has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
Social housing in Wales contributed £1.1bn to the economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
A total of 307 Tube station staff have been hired by Transport for London (TfL) ahead of the launch of the Night Tube.
Firefighters have been dealing with a second blaze at a derelict dockyard in Cardiff.
The police inquiry into historical child abuse in Wales should be scrapped and replaced with a stronger one, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
White teenagers in England are the most likely group of ethnic minority youngsters to apply to university, according to the University College London (Ucas).
Hull KR recorded their first win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Halifax.
A baby who died after contracting sepsis could have survived if he had been sent to hospital, an inquest has heard.
A mother has called for a disabled swing to be made for her eight-year-old brother after he was unable to use a new park.
The granddaughter of a woman murdered by paramilitarists in Londonderry has said the paramilitary display at her grandmother's funeral was what she wanted.
The organisers of JogScotland Fife have said they are "devastated" after the Scottish government pulled funding for the organisation.
The DUP and the Alliance are going head-to-head in the East Belfast election.
A Metropolitan Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about an argument at the gates of Downing Street.
Actress Gemma Arterton is to star in a musical based on the 1968 film Made in Dagenham.
England's collapse in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was a huge blow to their hopes of winning the series.
Two farmers have been jailed for stealing thousands of pounds worth of sheep from their neighbours.
Russia's prime minister has said the "vicious circle" of militarisation and sanctions against the West is "not productive".
Team Sky chief executive Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way the team handled allegations of doping at the 2012 Olympics.
A Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found dead in his home in St Petersburg.
In the cockpit of Pan Am Flight 73, just before the hijacking of the plane in Karachi in 1986, the crew were preparing for take-off.
Police forces in England and Wales are being "chipped away" by a "conscious form of rationing", a watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with energy firms among the biggest fallers.
Two teenagers have appeared in court in Canada charged with distributing child pornography and making child pornography.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has been ruled out of the Rio Olympics with a leg injury.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
A search is under way for a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho accused West Ham boss Sam Allardyce of "playing rubbish football" after his side were held to a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.
A fragile ceasefire in Syria could collapse "any time", the UN envoy to the UN has warned.
Mae angen cofio am newidiadau posib yng Ngogledd Iwerddon, yn ôl Plaid Cymru.
Leigh North says the British and Irish Lions are ready to "kick on" in New Zealand despite missing the first two matches of the tour.
A bomb has been found in a street in Sheffield.
A video recording of England's World Cup winning squad has been released to raise money for Alzheimer's research.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school where he was subjected to ritual humiliation.
The Northern Ireland Environment Agency has announced a major cut in funding to a number of organisations.
If you want to find one of the best street food in the country, do a visit to the city of Mysore.
Equiniti has been awarded a contract to help the Passport Office improve its time and attendance system.
Two teenage boys who went missing off the coast of Florida have been found safe and well.
A storm named Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the institution is doing "everything in its power" to prevent violence.
Plans for a new stadium at Bristol City Stadium have been given the go-ahead by the club's majority shareholder.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Nick Clegg looks back at the Liberal Democrats' history in England and Wales.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has said he will "taste" his time at Goodison Park "forever" after being sacked by the club.
Newport County have signed former AFC Wimbledon and Falkirk striker Matt Rigg and ex-AFC Wimbledon striker Chris Compton.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, BBC Wales takes a look back at some of the key moments in the country's history.
A bridge in the Italian capital, Rome, has been broken apart by the city council after a row over padlocks.
The family of a British Sikh man who was murdered in India have called for a proper investigation.
Garry Ringrose has been described as the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has performed her first live show in more than a decade at London's Roundhouse.
Skye were held to a goalless draw by Lovat in the MacTavish Cup at The Dell.
A US court has ordered the website Gawker Media to pay more than $100,000 (Â£65,000) in damages over a sex video posted by Hulk Hogan.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has endorsed Seamus Eastwood as the party's new leader.
It has been a terrible year for flying.
A painting by Pablo Picasso and Vincent Van Gogh has become the most expensive painting to sell at auction in New York.
Scientists are increasingly turning to artificial intelligence to help them find new medicines.
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in their Euro 2016 quarter-final in Portugal in Cardiff.
A five-year-old girl drowned in a swimming pool at a hotel in Lancashire, an inquest has heard.
A Pakistani farmer has been charged with murder after a child was dragged to death by a donkey, reports say.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says the Challenge Cup final is the "hardest thing to win".
Mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed after a number of cases of flu were confirmed.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to reveal details of their transfer dealings with Barcelona.
Scottish Championship side Hibernian have signed James Commons on loan from Celtic until the end of the season.
More than 562,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30mph zone in a Leicestershire village, a campaign group has said.
French energy group EDF has reported a €1.5bn (£1.6bn) loss for the three months to the end of March, down from €2.3bn a year earlier.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the top man in snooker to be left to the new generation of players.
The BBC has signed a new deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations.
Steven Gerrard's decision to leave Liverpool at the end of the season was one of the most controversial moments of his Liverpool career.
The Northern Ireland Justice Minister has said the government has a responsibility to deal with legacy investigations.
Spain's Catalonia region is facing a crucial test in December on whether to declare independence.
A decision on whether to allow a developer to build on a former airfield site in Guildford has been delayed.
A County Fermanagh search and rescue group is to receive a further £31,000 in funding to support its operations.
A memorial service has been held in Sydney to remember the victims of the Sydney siege.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Fifa has refused to allow England and Scotland players to wear poppies on their armbands when they meet in November.
Venezuela's military says it has received a distress call from a helicopter that crashed in the country's south-east on Friday.
The body of a woman who has been missing for more than a month has been found in Wirral.
Keaton Jennings hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset fought back against Durham at Taunton.
Newcastle United have been banned from entering the country for two years after being caught in a tax fraud investigation.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast has called on the government to support them in their fight against budget cuts.
League One side Blackpool have signed former York City and Blackburn Rovers midfielder Ryan Jones on a two-year deal.
A petition calling for a direct elected mayor for Bath & North East Somerset Council has been rejected by the Electoral Commission.
Police searching for a missing Malaysian man have found an oil drum in a river in the capital, Kuala Lumpur.
Police investigating the murders of a woman and a man at a flat in west London have launched a fresh appeal for witnesses.
England women's coach Pauline Powell says her side's 3-0 win over Japan in the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup was "brilliant".
Thousands of people have taken part in a memorial service for King William of Orange in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Wakefield Wolves winger Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The US says it now estimates that the Islamic State (IS) group has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq.
A new herbal mead could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upset on a Sunday night, a Cardiff university professor has said.
The European Commission has opened a confidential dialogue with Northern Ireland over the introduction of a water charge on homes.
A memorial has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One soldier in Eastbourne.
A leading mental health expert has been appointed a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side AFC Wimbledon have signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth midfielder David Hollands on a two-year deal.
Colombians have voted in the second round of presidential elections.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
Former world number one Mark Simpson has won the men's singles title for the first time in his career with a comfortable win over Egypt's Ali Abdel Aziz.
Finn Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical and move into the Premiership's top four.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student who was found dead in a burning car.
Rory Ramsay said he knew he had a chance to win The Open at Castle Stuart.
Leinster moved six points clear at the top of the Pro12 with victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has branded the UK government's plans for a new customs union with the rest of Europe "ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the Night Tube service will be introduced in the city.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital following a report by a health watchdog.
Sri Lanka's government has said it will not allow an international tribunal to investigate allegations of war crimes during the country's civil war.
Paralysed Paralympic champion Gemma Butterfield set a new European record for the first time at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there can be no veto over Wales' interests in the negotiations.
Thousands of people are dying every year from malaria because of counterfeit antimalarial drugs, a study suggests.
At least nine people have died after choking on rice cakes in Japan.
Teachers at a north London school are staging a second strike in a row over pay, conditions and conditions.
The US District of Columbia and Maryland have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business ties with foreign governments.
A police training centre for convicted criminals has been used for forced entry training.
Two academies in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted following a decline in pupils' achievement.
A woman has admitted kidnapping a newborn baby in Shropshire.
Rangers have signed former Leeds United midfielder Lukas Zaliukas on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The prime minister has said she will watch Doctor Who on Christmas night.
Australia has become the first country in the world to export feeder and slaughter cattle to China.
Three teenagers who may have seen a missing airman in Bury St Edmunds have been sought by police.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for four Premier League games after being charged with an elbow.
Dinamo Bucharest will donate the trophy to Cameroon after Patrick Ekeng's death in the Europa League final, says the club's sporting director.
Mainland media in China are cautiously optimistic about the outcome of the trial of disgraced politician Bo Xilai, who has been charged with bribery.
A 70-year-old man who has cerebral palsy has said he will not be able to take his wheelchair with him to work.
Guernsey's public relations agency spent just over £1.1m on advertising in the past year, according to new figures.
Ricky Bryony has won a trampolining medal at the Rio Olympics.
Former shadow home secretary Owen Smith has entered the contest to succeed Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader.
A retired priest has appeared in court charged with abusing pupils in Inverness.
The daughter of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to be honoured with a plaque at Birmingham's National Library.
A former Russian prison service official has been arrested over the theft of a mountain road for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has unanimously approved the deployment of more than 200 police officers to Burundi to deal with the country's political crisis.
A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of a man who was hit by a lorry in Caerphilly county.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Leyton Orient beat Luton Town in League Two.
Great Britain's women's team pursuit gold medallist Katie Barker says British Cycling has been praised for its "good work" at the World Championships.
Toyota has pledged to help develop a flying car that could be used to light the Olympic flame.
A 90-year-old woman who has been living with her daughter in the UK for more than a year has lost her appeal against her expulsion.
The prime minister has said he will consider a request for more money to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Wigan Warriors full-back Josh Tickle has been taken to hospital after being attacked at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A utility firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telehandler.
Algeria striker Abdelhak Mbolhi has left the club to join Turkish side Besiktas for an undisclosed fee.
A community group has called on a council to delay the sale of a former school site in Ceredigion.
Colchester United missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a draw by Millwall.
Cornish White Tigers manager Lee Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" in the National League.
A photographer has been fined for taking a photograph of a Ferrari on the Mews outside Kensington Palace.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the role motorbike drivers play in tackling road accidents in Tanzania.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the week higher, helped by a rise in construction shares.
Women do not ask for pay rises as often as men, according to a study in Australia.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was sexually assaulted on a train in Aberdeenshire.
More than 100 soldiers involved in the Bloody Sunday massacre have been contacted by police.
Mae'r catrawd wedi colli dau gymeriad yn ymwneud â ffrwydro o fewn tanc Challenger yn ôl y ddau.
A court in Sri Lanka has sentenced a former vice-president to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
Huddersfield Town have signed former Luton Town midfielder David Lawless on a two-year deal.
A Welsh Government visitor centre has been told it will lose its core grant funding by 2021.
A teenager has jumped through the emergency door of a plane at San Francisco Airport and onto the wing of the aircraft, according to eyewitnesses.
Police investigating the death of a woman in Edinburgh have said they have no evidence of criminality.
Four children have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria.
Motorcyclist Franck Petricola has died after a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested at Dover docks on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A petition calling for a ban on menstruating women entering Hindu temples has been launched on social media.
A woman died after eating a sorbet on holiday in Greece, an inquest has heard.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to have sex with her has been jailed for ten years.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen to its highest level since records began, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
Formula 1 fans will be able to identify some of the most talented drivers in the world this weekend.
Police are investigating after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after his car was involved in a crash on stage two.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win the Mubadala World Tennis Championship in Morocco.
A 16-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past five years.
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
Nicole Piper is to star in a special of Doctor Who to mark the 60th anniversary of the show's first episode.
At least two rockets have been fired at the Israeli city of Eilat, in the Red Sea, officials say.
It's been more than 50 years since I first read a book about Australia.
The Gulf War was one of the most complex conflicts in the history of the world.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of the capital, London, to protest against a police crackdown on anti-government protesters.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Hook has returned to Ospreys from French side Perpignan for an undisclosed fee.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out about being fat-shamed on set.
Plans for a controversial waste incineration plant in Norwich have been approved by the city council.
Andy Murray says he is not nervous about getting married.
ITV has announced that BBC One's Broadchurch is to end after 10 years.
When the Doonhamers of Dumfries and Galloway arrived at the Assembly Rooms in the early hours of the morning, they were greeted with a mixture of excitement and pride.
The chief executive of a hospital trust criticised by the Care Quality Commission has resigned.
A new road junction is to be fitted with temporary traffic lights after a rise in the number of collisions.
Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition politician who was assassinated last year, has published a dossier on the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
In Dumfries prison, there is a small, cramped cell.
John Duddy is a well-known figure in Northern Ireland.
More than 100,000 cigarettes and tobacco have been seized in Lincoln.
Thousands of people have attended the 70th anniversary Hogmanay Street Party in Edinburgh.
The evacuation of the German city of Augsburg is due to begin on Sunday after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found in Koblenz.
A new fossil has shed light on the evolution of a group of land-based vertebrates, including crocodiles.
The number of GPs in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year, figures have shown.
What should we do when things go wrong?
None of the crew on a powerboat that crashed in the Solent were wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report has found.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in France probably made a sharp turn as he tried to right it, an inquest has heard.
UK Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the UK's decision to intervene in Syria was based on "wishful thinking".
Prof Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC's Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in the red, according to the Education Minister Nick Gibb.
Airport workers in Chile have gone on strike for 48 hours in a dispute over pensions.
A Danish man has been charged with manslaughter after his submarine sank off the coast of Copenhagen.
Energy suppliers are to be required to apply a 12 month time limit to back-bill customers for energy used more than 12 months previously, Citizens Advice has said.
The death of a boy in a Glasgow cemetery was caused by a "significant amount of vandalism", a public inquiry has heard.
For decades, the image of James Bond has been synonymous with the spy agency.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex captain Brendon McCullum has been appointed as the club's new Twenty20 coach.
China's Baosteel, the country's biggest steelmaker, has announced plans to merge with its rival Wuhan Iron and Steel Group.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was right to make the decision that he made for Saturday's FA Cup final.
When the British and India were reunited in 1947, they became the two biggest countries in the world.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for a commission set up to monitor paramilitary activity to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Egypt beat Zambia's Ahly of Egypt 2-1 in the first leg of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier on Saturday.
Ed Sheeran has announced that he is to leave the UK at the end of the year.
A boy with severe cerebral palsy is to receive a £2.3m payout from the NHS and the private ambulance service he was treated for.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "responsible" for his side's 1-0 Champions League defeat by Sevilla in the final.
Thousands of students have been caught cheating in the eastern Indian state of Bihar.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by five runs in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
A new treatment for malaria has been discovered in Japan.
Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their bids for French engineering giant Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has returned to action after a year out with cancer.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £35,000 in damages to a blogger who accused it of harassing her.
Jockey Tom Scuadmore won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Fairyhouse.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dashed as they were held to a goalless draw by the Netherlands in Berlin.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has criticised the club's "not-bothered attitude" after their 2-0 defeat by Shrewsbury.
It is not every day that a football match takes place in Belfast.
A man has been seriously injured in a crash involving two vans in Powys.
Libya will not host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the civil war in the country, the continent's governing body has said.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Great Yorkshire Run.
When Lily James first stepped on the big screen to play a zombie in a Jane Austen film, she was already a bit cynical about the idea.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for the European Team Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Mark Hughes praised his goalkeeper after his side were held to a draw by Dundee.
A fire has broken out on the set of soap EastEnders after rehearsals had finished, the BBC has said.
India's Paralympians have won a medal for their performance at the London 2012 Games.
A social worker who viewed "adult pornographic material" on more than 1,000 occasions has been sacked.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager after three years in charge.
A 32-year-old man has been charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Londonderry.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson will not play for the club again this weekend after being charged with child sex offences.
A man has been jailed for three years for defrauding HM Revenue and Customs out of £1m.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has left the authority after voters were turned away from polling stations because their names were missing from the poll list.
A woman who baked a Land Rover birthday cake in the shape of an engine has said it was the "biggest cake she has ever made".
The Liberal Democrats have apologised after the party launched its social care campaign with the name of a Chelsea estate agent.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£3.3m) fine for tax fraud over the signing of Brazil forward Neymar in 2013.
Two US senators have called for tighter gun control laws in the wake of the mass shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the UK are "very low", according to a report commissioned by the government.
A suspicious package has been found at the base of a statue on the US island of Ellis Island in New York, officials say.
Fianna Fail's Simon Cowen has apologised for his "hoarseness" in an interview with the Republic of Ireland's Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny.
Burnley have signed striker Frank Herd and striker Chris Nouble on two-year deals.
Tottenham are a "long way down the path" of reaching an agreement with Arsenal to play their Champions League games at Wembley, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the most popular products on the island of Hispaniola.
UK industrial production fell by 0.4% in the first three months of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an investigation into the shooting of civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
A new instalment in a series of financial tips has been released.
The coroner overseeing the inquests into the deaths of the Birmingham Six has said he supports the families' request for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has declined to offer a state funeral for former cricketer Richie Benaud.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House has said.
A body has been found in the search for missing Inverness teenager Ben Mitchell.
Average house prices in the UK rose by more than expected in the year to November, according to the Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi-finals with a straight-set win over Nick Kyrgios at Rod Laver Arena.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a rule to make the game better in this country.
A body has been found in the attic of a house in Londonderry.
An 18-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a student at a residential school in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
The Bandstand Marathon has been the official finale of the London 2012 Festival, marking the end of the Paralympic Games.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Jo Cox looks at the rise of the comforter.
Iran is committed to giving up its nuclear weapons capability, Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have questioned the financial management of a health board that has repeatedly overspent.
A car has been hit by a train in the north-eastern French Alps, officials say.
A Nigerian teenager who was among the 276 schoolgirls abducted in north-east Nigeria has been found alive, the military says.
UEFA has set up a loyalty portal for Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets to the Euro 2016 finals.
A record 33 Scots will compete at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
The BBC has been subjected to "increasing levels of intimidation" by the Iranian authorities, Human Rights Watch says.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has called for joint patrols to protect an endangered elephant species in northern Mali.
The Duchess of Cornwall is to represent The Royal Welsh Regiment at a ceremony in Cardiff later this month.
Ukraine's youngest ever deputy minster has been subjected to a torrent of criticism on social media.
A former mental health trust chief executive has told the BBC she felt "dangerous" working in prisons.
Stuart McGinn says Hibernian's players have been given time off to recharge their batteries.
Over the past few months, the BBC has been following a steady stream of allegations about undercover police officers.
Telefonica and Hutchison have threatened legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator over its decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum from O2 and Three.
The governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is set to win the presidential election in Mexico, according to official projections.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched at Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard in Glasgow.
It's that time of year again when you're trying to find a university place.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday as oil prices continued to fall.
David Cameron will have to step down at some point during the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether 2013 has been a good year for Africa.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", has been sacked by King Abdullah.
Tesco has agreed to sell its Fresh & Easy brand to private equity firm Yucaipa.
The new chief executive of a health board in Cardiff has been named.
Derry City have signed Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has collaborated with Paul McCartney on her new single, Four Five Seconds.
Baltimore's police chief has resigned amid criticism of his handling of the city's rioting and high homicide rate.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug isotretinoin in England has doubled in the past three years, according to NHS figures.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the Shining Path drug group.
A jet pilot who died in a crash at the CarFest music festival has been named by police.
The Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a drone strike, the US says.
US President Donald Trump is to deliver his first major national security address on Sunday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the value of the pound.
Ricky Burns' career was about to come to an end.
Myanmar's military has accused the UN's human rights body of "crimes against humanity" over its crackdown on the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are being "at the heart of the criminal justice system", the country's most senior police and crime commissioner has said.
An Australian author has received a surprise award for her work, after receiving an email saying she had won the prestigious Windham-Campbell prize.
A German doctor has been awarded a PhD that the Nazis stole from her because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have signed Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A 32-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The number of homes repossessed in the second quarter of the year has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, figures show.
Bridgend has been won by the Conservatives in the general election.
Leicestershire County Council is in a financial crisis.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
A travel company has stopped offering tours to traditional zoos in the UK.
Lionel Richie has announced he will perform at the Las Vegas Motor Show next year.
Anglers should be banned from fishing at a country park after a swan was injured by a fishing hook, a wildlife rescue charity has said.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand was a fantastic one.
A vigilante paedophile hunter group is costing Kent Police more than £1m a year, the force has said.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly after their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth.
About 2,000 tonnes of recycled wood chip has been destroyed in a fire at a recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Highland Council has received complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors in Skye.
Mae cwest yn Aberystwyth wedi cael ei bod o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind yn yr ardd.
Welsh Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the Elite League club.
Moeen Ali hit a century as England took control of the second Test against West Indies on day three at Headingley.
Rupert Murdoch did not take steps to become fully informed about phone hacking, MPs have said.
The parents of three children who died after being diagnosed with cancer have said they are "surprised" by the response to their story.
A strike by train drivers on Southern rail is set to continue into the new year, the RMT union has said.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The trial of a man accused of raping a man in Fife has been adjourned until tomorrow, a judge has said.
Sweden is considering cutting back its 40-hour week to eight hours a week in a bid to improve work-life balance.
Ineos Grangemouth has announced plans to close its KG ethylene cracker plant in Caithness and return to profitability.
League One side Barnsley have signed Crystal Palace defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
A baby who was diagnosed with a rare form of septicaemia has been given pink ribbons to mark her first birthday.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Ben Eckersley on a two-year deal.
Japan's nuclear power company has unveiled a timetable to end the country's worst nuclear disaster since the earthquake and tsunami.
Tata Steel's Port Talbot and Scunthorpe plants are to be submitted to a management buyout team.
The Vatican has said it is in talks with the French government over the appointment of a gay French ambassador.
Rangers beat Celtic 6-6 on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
A mother and her boyfriend have appeared in court charged with the murder of her toddler son.
The daughter of Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in California, is suing the carmaker for damages, according to reports.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has vowed to rebuild a fireworks market destroyed in a series of explosions on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have made a "stepping stone" towards a universal flu jab.
A review of the legacy inquests into the deaths of more than 100 people in Northern Ireland has begun.
More than 100,000 people have died in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake in Japan in March 2011.
The prime minister has said he is "open to different ways" of dealing with the issue of EU migrants being banned from claiming benefits.
The world premiere of the new Batman v Superman film has been described as "amazing" by critics.
Prisoners are being held in "inhumane conditions" at a maximum security prison, a watchdog has said.
Ivanka Trump has been appointed to the White House by President Donald Trump.
A village pub in Northamptonshire which was put up for sale has been bought by a group of villagers.
The Black Lives Matter coalition has asked Facebook to clarify its policy on removing racist content.
What would the M4 Black Route do for Wales?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the European Road Championships in Germany.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was "very pleased" with his side's 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their unbeaten start to the Women's Super League One season with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies.
The Turkish parliament is due to vote on a bill that would give the police greater powers to target protesters.
A campaign has been launched to stop work on a derelict apartment in the Chelsea Hotel being turned into a permanent home.
In the US city of New York City, the streets are lined with soccer pitches.
Lego, the world's biggest Lego maker, has been criticised for its decision to ban artwork by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in an investigation into alleged match-fixing in football.
The health commissioner for Wales has said dementia patients in care homes are being "chemically coshed" through the use of antipsychotic drugs.
In 2013, Northern Ireland's peace process hit a new low.
Birmingham City have signed teenage striker Jack Cooper on loan from Birmingham City until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing appropriate access to technology in schools.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who has been missing for more than a week.
Prisoners at a "worse" prison are feeling unsafe, a report has said.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes in Syria against Islamic State (IS) militants in the ancient city of Palmyra.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman in the US city of Phoenix, police say.
Iran's foreign minister, Javad Zarif, has told the BBC that Iran's participation in peace talks in Vienna is a step too far.
Children with peanut allergy have been able to eat five whole peanuts a day for a year, a study suggests.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have accused each other of "let rip at each other in public" over extremism.
Iad is one of the most popular alcoholic beverages in the world, and it's often associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
The Winchburgh tunnel is to be closed for six weeks as part of a major upgrade to the rail network.
The wife of a British holidaymaker killed in the Tunisia terror attack has paid tribute to her husband.
A body has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second general election before Christmas would be a "shambles".
A nature reserve in Somerset has reopened after a 10-year redevelopment.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four matches after being charged with an elbow in the face of Arter.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has been in turmoil for more than a decade.
A Dorset military museum is to receive £1m to help it celebrate the centenary of World War One.
Moussa Dembele says he is "happy to be at one of the biggest clubs in the world" after signing for Celtic on a season-long loan.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat Rangers in the Scottish Premiership.
A police investigation into the murder of Peter Tobin is being scaled back after 34 years.
Billy Root hit a century as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A Muslim teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been removed from a school trip to the US after being refused entry to the country.
Two men have gone on trial accused of helping a Syrian man fight for so-called Islamic State (IS).
A single percentage of affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, according to a new report.
RB Leipzig maintained their unbeaten start to the Bundesliga season with a 2-1 win over Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a mountain in the Ogwen Valley.
Steven Halkett's late header gave Rangers victory over Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated signed shirts to a football charity in memory of a friend who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being attacked by two men who threatened him with a knife.
Matt Parkin scored a late winner as Cheltenham came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers.
Anthony Watson has been ruled out of England's Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday because of a hamstring injury.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Durban to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
More than 100 people have been rescued from flooding in Southend, the fire service has said.
When Sarah Seifert decided to take part in the Philippines' Miss Earth pageant in 2009, she had no idea what she would become.
Ebbsfleet scored two late goals to earn a 2-2 draw at Guiseley.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said there will be no more military exercises with the US next year.
There is "every likelihood" of a vote in the assembly on triggering Article 50, the Welsh Government has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and move into the Premier League's top three.
A ship is in the running to be named the UK's first Antarctic research vessel, after a suggestion was made on a BBC website.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The mayor of London has appointed a former Metropolitan Police chief to carry out a strategic review of the security services in the city.
A handwritten note signed by a German general declaring the end of World War Two has been sold at auction for £1,000.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary.
A British man has gone missing in the Black Sea.
Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
A charity which provides specialist support for victims of historical child sex abuse has said it has seen a "significant gap" in the number of reports of abuse.
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano after he was found guilty of match-fixing.
"I'm really concerned about the joints," says the vet who examines Daisy the sheep.
Nigel Farage has said the UK's EU referendum could be a "very bright dawn" for the country.
For more than half a century, the United States has been a global power.
Parma have failed to secure a new deal to stay in the Uefa Champions League for the rest of the season.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of telling a woman to "go into the bushes" at a campaign rally.
Caroline Flack and Olly Murs have been announced as the new hosts of The X Factor.
The widow of a man killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced.
A large fire has broken out at a toy factory in Sheffield.
A British backpacker has been found dead on a train in Thailand, police say.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would be "more disappointed" if the club's poor start to the season continued.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he is pleased with the fitness of midfielder Nasser Nasri, despite concerns about his weight.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol in La Liga.
Ghana's former President-elect Nana Akufo-Addo has won the presidential election.
Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have been protesting against the government of President Robert Mugabe in the capital, Harare.
Chelsea have won the Premier League title for the first time in their history.
At least 12 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a gas explosion in southern Spain, officials say.
A man has gone on trial accused of helping to smuggle horsemeat into the UK in a plot to pass it off as beef, the Old Bailey has heard.
India is set to become the first country in the world to introduce biometric identity databases.
GCHQ, the UK's intelligence agency, has revealed details of how it uses its powers to intercept internet searches on Google and other platforms.
Welshman Chris Evans has won the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Belgium, finishing second behind team-mate Nicolas Ogier.
Russia and Iran have agreed to set up safe zones in Syria in a bid to end the country's conflict, the Kremlin has said.
A bubble tea chain that was criticised for offering trainees at least the minimum wage has said it will change its training policy.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Wasps and move to the top of the Premiership.
A judge in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the shooting of a witness at a new courthouse in Salt Lake City.
Welsh Labour AMs have backed Yvette Cooper in the race to be the party's next leader, the party has said.
Political divisions are "widening and exacerbating tensions" in the UK following the Brexit vote, a rights watchdog has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Fox looks at the joys of mudlarking.
The number of people with mental health problems attending A&E units in England has risen by more than 50% in the last five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has called for the sale of The Sun to be banned from shops across the city.
A man has been jailed for nine years for causing the death of a nine-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol have been reviewed by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has urged people to "act fearfully" in the wake of the Brussels terror attacks.
The US says it has intercepted two missiles fired by Houthi rebels in Yemen, which it says were launched from Houthi-controlled territory.
The government has announced plans to change the way disability benefit claimants are eligible for benefits.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still expecting to be active in the transfer market.
Mark Molesley's late winner secured Portsmouth a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals with victory at Aldershot.
An album of signatures from the Dambusters during World War Two has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The number of cattle killed in Wales as a result of bovine TB has risen by more than a quarter in the past year, the health secretary has said.
A 72-year-old man has been arrested as part of an investigation into phone hacking by the Metropolitan Police.
The Church in Wales has said it is "disappointed" that Cyngor Gwynedd Council has withdrawn its support for a new community campus in Berwyn.
Mazembe of South Africa have won the African Confederation Cup for the second time with a 2-0 win over Bejaia of Ethiopia in Lubumbashi on Sunday.
At least seven people have been executed by Malian troops in the north-eastern region of the country, a rights group has said.
Notts County Ladies have signed Liverpool Ladies midfielder Hannah Greenwood on a two-year deal.
Great Britain's men suffered a 2-1 defeat by Australia in the first round of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thein Sein, the former prime minister of Myanmar, has been praised for his commitment to the country's transition to democracy.
Jewellery worth £1m has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who was jailed for falsifying drug trials has had his name removed from the medical register.
Colin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit centuries as South Africa beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Cape Town.
A 17th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to a working condition, its owner has said.
Tata Steel is to mothball its steelmaking plant in Newport with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
Britain's Laura Cave won the Women's Ironman World Championships in Melbourne, Australia.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has said he regrets his decision to join the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have signed striker Chris Guthrie for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated the first practice session at the Italian Grand Prix as they set the pace on the soft tyre.
Michael Evans set the pace in the first practice session at the Isle of Man Grand Prix on Friday.
The Pensions Regulator has asked Newsnight to examine plans for a pension scheme in the wake of the collapse of BHS.
The family of a man who died during the Troubles in 1971 have said they have been unable to reburie a bullet found in his body.
Chelsea moved to within a point of the Premier League leaders with a 2-0 win over Manchester City.
Former Top Gear host Philip Hammond has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious injuries in a crash while filming for The Grand Tour.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has "no intention" of resigning over a dispute over the running of common grazings.
A man has been jailed for five years for killing a Polish worker who fell from a warehouse roof.
The creator of Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson, has said he was "cut off" by Alzheimer's disease.
As many as 100,000 relatives who give up work to care for their children could be eligible for National Insurance credits, a think tank has said.
Plans for a new theme park in Bournemouth have been given the go-ahead by the government.
Nigeria's airlines have announced plans to pull out of the country due to a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakia striker Matej Kozak for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes and other tobacco products in public places.
Burnley boss Sean Dyche could be in the top half of the Premier League with a small budget, says West Brom boss Tony Pulis.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile (ICBM) into the sea, the Pentagon says.
Scotland captain Martin McGuinness says Saturday's friendly against the French will be a "step up" in their preparations for Euro 2016.
Australian anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has won an appeal against the cancellation of his visa to speak in the US.
Jon Stewart's Daily Show has become one of the most popular US entertainment shows of all time.
Former Liberal Democrat leader David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Dumfries and Galloway Council.
Lancashire all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with the club.
A tribute concert to John Williams will be held in Hull to mark the 90th anniversary of the BBC Proms.
The SNP has won all but one of Scotland's 59 councils, according to official results from the local elections.
Iraqi forces must do "absolutely everything they can" to ensure civilians survive the battle to retake western Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), the UN says.
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) are expected to hit parts of Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Nanowire skins have been developed that could be used to make artificial limbs and robots.
A review of the future of schools in the Borders is to be carried out by the local authority.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Pars beat Ayr United to move up to second in Scottish League One.
A man has been hit by a car while walking with his daughter.
A satire about the role of art in a celebrity-obsessed world has won the Wodehouse Prize for Fiction.
England will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup in November, the BBC has announced.
California has declared a drought emergency, with the state using more water than it used in the same period of 2013.
A lion that escaped from a national park in South Africa last year has been re-introduced to the wild.
A mosque in the US state of Florida has been moved to a new location amid a row over its use as a polling place.
Higher education staff in England are to go on strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
Chinese authorities have arrested several people for spreading rumours about the Tianjin explosions, state media report.
Increasing levels of CO2 in the oceans could lead to the loss of molluscs and other marine species, according to a new report.
A teenager who died after falling off a cliff in Brighton was taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
US interest rates have been held at a record low of 0.5% despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Britain's Chris Froome won the 13th stage of the Tour de France as his team-mates paid tribute to the victims of the Nice attack.
A bus driver who suffered a blackout during the Glasgow bin lorry crash was "fit to drive", a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of "Nazi practices" after the country cancelled rallies in support of a new constitution.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Yann Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh scrum-half Tom Toolis has left the Premiership club by mutual consent, while five other players have left the club.
At least 20 people have been killed in three suicide car bomb attacks in the Yemeni capital, Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a new deal with the International Association of Athletics Federations to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings in the UK.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament.
An 11-year-old boy has become the youngest winner of the World Spelling Championships in the United States.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
More than half of teachers in England have been subjected to abuse this year, a teachers' union has said.
A Canadian mother has spoken of her relief after her family was caught up in a house fire.
Partick Thistle are in talks with Shrewsbury Town about appointing Alan Archibald as their new manager.
A motorcyclist has died after crashing in a crash at a racing event in Essex.
Russia has dismissed as " amateurish, unprofessional" claims that it was involved in the hacking of the US election.
The board of American Apparel has filed a lawsuit against the company's former chief executive, David Charney, over allegations of sexual harassment.
A memorial has been held for a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Paris.
A series of earthquakes has struck the north-eastern Chinese province of Gansu, killing at least one person and injuring more than 400, officials say.
Reading came from behind to beat Burton Albion and reach the Championship play-offs.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rented sector, according to a new report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Michael Taylor will make his professional debut at London's SSE Arena on Saturday, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
Cardiff is the latest city in the world to adopt a new approach to tackling violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joanna Lumley looks at the challenges facing artificial intelligence research.
Norwich City midfielder Jordan Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Christian Jung won the Grand Slam of Horse-Riding at Badminton to secure his place at the 2016 Olympics.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary, the island's political landscape is changing.
Tens of thousands of people have protested against the treatment of a man who died after being stopped by police.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared a global public health emergency over the Zika virus.
Prime Minister David Cameron has launched a global campaign to tackle corruption, saying it will "put the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda where it belongs".
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over St Johnstone.
The number of women breastfeeding in England has risen by more than a third in the past 30 years, according to new figures.
War and Peace has been picked up by the BBC as the most watched TV show of the year so far.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' World Cup qualifying campaign will not change in the summer, says defender Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand has been found safe and well, police say.
The Western Sahara is one of the world's most disputed territories.
Michael Donnelly secured his place in the quarter-finals of the men's lightweight at the Rio Olympics with a unanimous points victory over Morocco's Zohir Kedache.
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a rotating floor and a wall at a restaurant in Atlanta, US.
Italy has rejected calls from three northern Italian regions to accept more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Aleksander Andreyev, has said he is "not retracting" comments he made about Poland's role in World War Two.
The French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has published a new book, in the wake of the death of its cartoonist Charlie Charb.
Flood sirens have been sounded across parts of the Calderdale valley as part of a major flood prevention exercise.
A crane ship has been used to hoist a huge piece of concrete into place on the Hong Kong coast.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a free school in Bradford.
More than 3,000 photographs of Glasgow's high rise buildings are to go on display in a digital archive.
Olympic judo star Stephanie Jones has said she will be "up and about before you know it" after being flown back to Scotland from Vietnam.
The Brexit secretary has said it is "hard to see" how a separate immigration policy would work if the UK leaves the European Union.
The CIA has released code used to hide the origins of malware used by the organisation, according to the Wikileaks website.
Leeds City Museum has unveiled what it says is the earliest example of paper from the city council's collection.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's late free-kick earned Cheltenham a draw at Mansfield.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Barcelona Open with a straight-set win over Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas.
A councillor has called for "serious consideration" to the use of local engineering expertise to carry out repairs to a damaged structure on Lewis.
Craig Gordon says he was happy with the way he performed on his return to the Scotland team for the first time this season.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 in the National League.
At least 11 people have been killed in a landslide in Colombia, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Ben Ormsby on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted. Â© Scotsland Press
A tunnel boring machine has reached the end of the London Underground line for the first time.
A former IRA leader has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared.
Jared Payne has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations match against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
A British man who was sent to Guantanamo Bay in the US has been killed in a bomb attack in Iraq, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" in Northern Ireland's economy.
Sports Direct chief executive Dave Forsey has been replaced by Mike Ashley, sources have told the BBC.
Sin City is one of the most picturesque cities in the US.
England's hopes of a first Test series win in the United Arab Emirates were dashed as they were beaten by five wickets in the first Test in Abu Dhabi.
China won their first medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to begin a tour of Australia later this month.
More than 200 beaches in the UK do not have lifeguards on duty, according to a new report.
Gwen Ifill, the former co-host of the Democratic presidential debate, has died at the age of 72.
This year's children's laureate will be announced at a ceremony in London later.
Former Aston Villa defender Tom Savage believes Steve Bruce will be a good choice as the new manager of Birmingham City.
Children as young as 10 are being used as shields by nationalist rioters, the PSNI has said.
A sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a Tube station is being sedated.
National League side Chester have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Lloyd on a two-year deal.
Hibernian moved up to second in the Championship with victory over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has said it is in talks with the management of its French subsidiary over the possible redundancy of its direct selling representatives.
Formula 1 teams have been testing their new cars for the first time in the Spanish Grand Prix.
A child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire.
A collection of ceramic poppies, which cost £9m to create, are to go on display at two museums in England.
When Sir Jeffery Amherst was appointed governor of the British colony of Guernsey in 1760, he was regarded as one of the most important figures in British history.
Kenya's Olympic 800m champion Rebecca Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a doping test.
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A US judge has ordered Apple to pay more than $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in damages over a patent infringement case.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Germany at the Stade de France in Paris on Monday.
Ruth Harsent has been shortlisted for the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of the UK Championship in Sheffield.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a woman was poisoned with a liquid nitrogen shot.
A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in a dense undergrowth in the Republic of Ireland.
Health inspectors have said there are "important weaknesses" in the care of older people in the Western Isles.
A man has been seriously injured after being attacked with a hammer in a "horrendous attack".
DR Congo's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations were dealt a blow as they were knocked out of the Confederation of African Football (CHAN) by Zambia.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says Ollie Ntcham has the qualities to be a "top, top level number eight" after the midfielder played 65 minutes in Saturday's friendly against Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge on the A9 near Inverness have been published.
Tatooine, the world's leading particle physics research centre, has revealed that its artificial intelligence system can read palms and minds.
UKIP is "very confident" it can break through next year's assembly election, its leader has said.
A Polish deli in Peterborough has been hit by hate mail and phone calls since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A man who sexually abused a child in Pembrokeshire has been jailed for life.
The father of a 15-year-old girl in Mexico has said he will not turn anyone away for her 15th birthday party.
A crowdfunding appeal has been launched to raise money for the family of a three-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in her bedroom.
A release of water voles has been carried out at a nature reserve in Pembrokeshire.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, the Home Office has said.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at the University of Pennsylvania, amid sexual assault allegations.
A suspected unexploded World War Two bomb has been found off the coast of Gwynedd, police have said.
The rate of CO2 emissions in the atmosphere was much slower than it is today, according to a new study.
A group of young people take to the streets of Kirkcaldy.
St Helens moved up to second in Super League with a hard-fought win over Catalans Dragons.
Residents of a Denbighshire town who were forced to leave their homes after a sea wall collapsed have said they feel safer.
BT has announced plans to roll out fibre broadband to more than 100,000 homes in Scotland and abroad.
Labour has said it will introduce fines of up to 100% of the value of tax avoidance if it wins the general election.
A leading medical expert has called for a ban on scrums and line-outs in rugby matches in England.
A Grade II-listed castle on the Isle of Wight is to be restored as part of a £1m conservation project.
Health Secretary Arlene Robison has said an independent review into the safety of mesh implants is to be examined.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a harbour, prompting a police investigation.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the UK, according to new figures.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition to the government calling for a dog festival to be banned.
Long Ying-yong of China won Olympic gold in the men's -70kg weightlifting with a record-breaking performance in Rio.
Manchester United have signed Netherlands striker Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for an undisclosed fee.
Virtual reality is the future of the world.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has won the Women's World Cup in Slovenia.
A man who repeatedly shouted "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers" to a Muslim congregation at a Dundee mosque has been given a community sentence.
Four men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a mill.
A delivery driver has been hit in the face with a golf club during an "unprovoked" robbery.
Devolution in Wales has not gone as far as it should, according to the former head of the Church in Wales.
More than 16,000 hectares of commercial forest in Wales need to be re-planted to meet the growing demand for timber, according to forestry organisations.
Rare eels have been found on a river in Norfolk for the first time in more than a decade.
A court in India has charged Bollywood star Salman Khan with causing the death of a policeman by dangerous driving.
The funeral of a man who was shot dead at a receptionist's office in Londonderry in the early hours of Sunday morning has taken place.
Glasgow Wheelers are to launch a sportive in memory of Robert Millar.
Immigrants should be able to learn Welsh if living and working in Wales as an alternative to English, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the US for neuro-technology has more than doubled in the past five years, according to new figures.
A patient has been discharged from hospital after a bung was left in place during a routine operation, it has emerged.
Hungary's prime minister has said he is "full of fear" after several hundred refugees were taken off a train at Bicske, near the Austrian border.
Melania Trump's decision to move her son to the White House in the middle of the school year has caused a stir on social media.
A Labour AM has called for a forensic investigation into Labour incompetence in the Welsh Government.
A firefighter has been sacked for failing to respond to two 999 calls within 24 hours of a woman dying in a house fire.
A Gloucestershire school which offered single sex teaching is to close.
Pioneering Welsh artist Tryweryn Williams is to unveil a new collection of paintings.
One of the world's biggest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, has said it is "deeply concerned" about a security breach that could have stolen the virtual currency.
Matt Gregory has been keeping his eyes glued to a screen as he prepares to make his Masters debut.
The death of a 19-year-old woman who filmed herself taking her own life on the social media app Periscope has raised questions about the dangers of the medium.
A woman who stabbed her mother to death in her own home has been jailed for life.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower as the US dollar rose against the yen.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsene Wenger's first game in charge of Arsenal ended in a crushing defeat at Old Trafford.
A group of tourists have been evacuated from Mount Etna in Italy after a lava flow burst into snow.
David Cameron is "greatly dismayed" by the result of the Holyrood election, a former SNP minister has said.
Warren Gatland is a "quality guy" and a "very good coach" according to former New Zealand captain John Brooke.
Benfica beat Vitória Guimarães to win the Portuguese league for the first time in their history.
When Patrick Smith was diagnosed with a neck injury at the age of 15, he thought he was going to die.
Down eased to a 1-13 to 0-14 win over Meath in Division Two of the All-Ireland Football League at St Mary's on Saturday.
Tributes have been paid to a "commitment socialist" who has died at the age of 73.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been banned for six months by the Football Association for betting offences.
In the middle of the terraces of Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, a huge racket is being played.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to earn money from online activities than those with a high school diploma.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe being gay is a sin.
Construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish Parliament's finance committee is to debate the government's budget later this month.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Celebrity entertainer Gary Barlow has performed a surprise concert in Oxford.
Five people have been injured in a fire in North Lanarkshire.
Poland's parliament has voted to reject a controversial proposal to ban abortion in cases of rape or incest.
Four men have admitted their part in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid in which jewellery worth Â£10m was stolen.
Wales maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a comfortable victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Jamaica's Justin Gatlin won the T44 100m at the European Championships in a time of 9.99 seconds, but failed to run in the 200m.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at the impact of the US decision to bring two Guantanamo Bay detainees to the country.
Senegal have been knocked out of the Africa Cup of Nations after a 1-1 draw with Ecuador in Jeonju.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The French parliament has condemned the appointment of former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso as an adviser to the bank Goldman Sachs.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the UK fell by 39,000 in August, official figures show.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, figures show.
The former chief executive of Warner Bros, David Dauman, is to step down from his role as chief executive, the company has announced.
Scotland Women's players have refused to take part in the media after a dispute with the Scottish Football Association.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso in the sea off the coast of Amager.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover ended Forest Green's unbeaten start to the National League season with a 4-3 win.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering her ex-partner over £1,000 in cash.
The CIA has carried out a series of covert operations in Africa over the past 50 years.
Dan Biggar will start for Ospreys in their European Champions Cup match against Grenoble on Saturday, 17 December.
A Cambridge school is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform.
Northern Ireland's Marc Sharvin shot a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Australian Open.
A red letterbox 'pin' has been spotted on a road in Berkshire, prompting a social media appeal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Nkurunziza looks at the freedom of African artists.
A potted site in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been uncovered for more than 3,000 years.
A woman has died in a crash on the A90 in County Londonderry.
About 25,000 people have been affected by severe weather in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's David and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the mixed doubles at the British Badminton Championships in Birmingham.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a two-year deal.
Lord West has said he would not talk to the prime minister unless his constituency happens to be there.
A man who sold a Star Wars toy for more than £15,000 has sold another batch of the toys.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland on Saturday may be "once in 100 years".
The US justice department has announced a change in its policy on recording suspects in criminal cases.
A judge has been asked to review the country's hate crime laws, following the defeat by the SNP over the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
A manuscript of the New Testament has been found after a £1m fundraising campaign.
Ukraine's new government has promised to bring all those involved in the illegal referendum in Crimea to justice.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld a decision to disqualify former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidency, his lawyer has said.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson has been suspended from all football-related activity by the club.
Fleetwood Town have re-signed striker Ryan Preston on a two-year deal following his release by Bournemouth.
A teaching assistant accused of beating his girlfriend to death after she refused to have an abortion has told a court he was "too young" to have a child.
Former England manager Sir Dave Taylor was one of the greatest footballers of all time.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and China.
Police officers in England and Wales are being urged to take action to tackle domestic abuse.
The Liberal Democrats are to offer carers in Wales a bonus to help them cope with the pressure of caring for others, Nick Clegg has said.
Fidel Castro, the Cuban revolutionary leader, has died at the age of 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and move back to the top of the Championship.
When you think of celebrity fragrances, it's easy to think of Britney Spears.
Three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are to hold talks in Berlin later to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis in Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Katie Brace has signed a professional contract with WBC.
Unfinished manuscripts of one of the world's most famous poets, Dylan Thomas, are to go on display for the first time.
A musical based on the novel Adrian Mole, written by Sue Townsend, is to be performed for the first time in more than three years.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A4232 in Cardiff.
Stranraer have sacked manager Brian Reid after 20 months in charge of the Scottish Premiership club.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after posting anti-Semitic tweets.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has pulled out of high-level talks on his country's bailout, the European Commission has said.
Six men have been arrested in Chad over the rape of a young woman in the capital, Chad, police say.
Plans for a new social housing development on a derelict former railway station site have been recommended for approval.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
A Netflix special about the comedian who has been accused of sexual assault has been cancelled.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's most popular newsmen.
A couple who were burgled 10 years ago have been reunited with their cycling medals and jewellery after being reunited with them 10 years later.
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has announced plans to end business rates on sporting estates and boost community ownership.
Nour Aboumerhi fled the so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet have signed former Whitehawk striker Ben Mills.
German prosecutors have filed criminal charges against a man accused of inciting racial hatred after a mass brawl at a migrant reception centre in Hamburg.
Warwickshire pair Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the county.
A chatbot that can help people pay parking fines has been launched in the UK.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 87.
A new park and ride service has been introduced at a Cardiff hospital after a traffic gridlock led to patients being late for appointments.
The BBC has strongly denied claims that a nature documentary about an iguana being chased by snakes was "faked".
A group set up to help restore the Far Eastern Fells has been chosen by Cumbrian explorer John Wainwright.
Millwall moved into the League One play-off places with a 2-1 win at Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of action cams, has announced plans to cut 15% of its workforce by the end of the year.
Ian Brady, the son of serial killer Ian Hindley, has been refused permission to stay in hospital.
A police watchdog is to investigate the response to a 72-year-old man's death at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
Scientists at the Nerc Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling say 2016 looks to be an "interesting year" for Arctic sea-ice.
Liberia beat Algerian side Kabylie of Algeria 2-0 in the first leg of their Confederation Cup quarter-final.
Norbrook, the County Down-based construction firm, has appointed David Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal moved to the top of the Premier League with a superb victory over Chelsea at Emirates Stadium.
A group of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of midfielders Jack Kirby, Jack Gumbs and Ryan Duggan, plus defender Ben Ridehalgh.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A man has been seriously injured in two separate attacks in Londonderry.
Abercrombie has been criticised for a "inappropriate" tweet about the LGBTQ community.
A couple have been left "completely penniless" after their funeral services went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, hours after he was released from prison.
Scientists have developed a treatment to reduce the risk of brain injuries in high-impact sports.
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Joe Federici on a two-year deal.
Two men have been found liable for the Omagh bombing after a retrial, a High Court judge has ruled.
The head of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure EU scientists that their status is safe.
More than half a tonne of toxic material would have been inhaled by the population if smoking had been introduced in Scotland, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League group stage for the first time with a comfortable win over FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is happy with his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
Police in Glasgow are considering installing CCTV cameras in the area of the city's Necropolis to deter anti-social behaviour.
The UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, Home Secretary David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK's four main political parties of "swinging cuts" to the Welsh economy.
Kent Football Club has reported a loss for the financial year to the end of March.
Syrian government forces say they have recaptured the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) in the north-eastern province of Idlib.
The UK has become the first country in the world to send 66 students to the United States.
A schoolgirl has won a prize for her story about a chimpanzee.
A Russian official has been arrested in Mongolia on suspicion of beating a Soviet-era rapper at a concert in the country.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a pothole in Rochdale have launched a legal action against the council.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week.
Spain have become the first nation to qualify for the Rio Olympics after beating Australia in the men's Rugby World Cup.
The remains of a World War Two fighter plane have been found in Oxfordshire more than 40 years after it crashed.
All pictures are copyrighted. Â© BBC Scotland.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is to make her first film in Scotland.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored as Juventus beat Porto to move seven points clear at the top of Serie A.
Wales lock Luke Ball has been named in the Wales squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy on Sunday.
A crowdfund campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was forced into his home in Leicestershire.
Frankie Raymond's late winner earned Dagenham a 1-0 win over York in the National League.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal with The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
A number of Brits have been injured in clashes at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, French police have said.
Iraqi security forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli, near the city of Mosul, officials say.
Regulators in the US have ordered crypto-currency start-ups to register offers and sales in order to protect investors.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party's pledge to scrap tuition fee subsidies.
Katie Bankier made it 10 National titles in a row with victory in the women's doubles at the Badminton Scotland Championships in Glasgow.
Emmanuel Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Call of Duty fans have been reacting angrily on social media to the release of a fictional video game.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed resistant Atlantic salmon.
North Korea is one of the world's most corrupt countries.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour when he delivered the Budget.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling Championships in London.
Matt Martin has pulled out of the North West 200 because of a lack of performance on his new Hondas.
Venezuelan police and the National Guard have lifted a curfew in the capital, San Cristobal, which has been in place since February.
More than 90% of social housing tenants in Scotland want the right to buy to be scrapped, according to a survey.
A new exhibition has opened in Liverpool showcasing some of the city's most famous architectural designs.
A man has discovered a new hiding place for Loch Ness in the English Channel.
Plans for a new education campus in East Ayrshire have been approved by the council.
The parents of a British aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan have said they "deliberately took a choice" to try to make a positive impact in the country.
Three Hong Kong police officers have been jailed for five years for assaulting a protester during the city's pro-democracy protests.
A five-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run accident on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress.
Gerry Rafferty, the singer and songwriter best known for his work with the Humblebums, has died at the age of 70.
The first Concorde to be flown in the International Space Station has touched down in Bristol.
Workers at a packaging firm have been told to leave their jobs after the introduction of the 5p plastic bag charge.
Two lesbian women have been separated from their families in the Indonesian province of Aceh after they were falsely accused of being gay.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound fraud case against six former executives.
Michael McKinstry's career as a football coach has come to an end.
Scottish hockey captain Jamie Forsyth says hosting the European Under-20 Championship will help boost the sport's popularity in the country.
Two brothers who lost a long-running legal battle with their creditors have been offered a deal to avoid bankruptcy.
UK manufacturing grew at its slowest pace in three years in May, according to a closely watched survey.
Middlesbrough have signed Tunisia international forward Ali Makris on a two-year deal.
Oscar-winning actor John Wallach has died at the age of 95, his family has announced.
British number one Johanna Konta will face Kyle Edmund in the first round of the US Open on Monday.
Israel has warned its citizens not to travel to India after a bomb attack on the wife of an Israeli diplomat was seriously injured in 2012.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since the EU referendum, according to a new survey.
A bomb has exploded at the citadel of the Old City of Aleppo in northern Syria, activists say.
Tropical forests in Africa could be more resilient to future climate change than previously thought, a study suggests.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who has been missing for more than a month.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Hannah Howard on a two-year deal.
Nigeria's convicted money launderer James Ibori has been awarded £4,000 in damages by the High Court in London.
The Scottish Football Association has apologised after a scam email was sent to supporters.
Welsh walker Jade Davies says it is "unbelievable" to be on the same stage as some of the biggest names in athletics at the 2017 World Championships.
Former Wisden captain and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 90.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life has pleaded not guilty to encouraging him to do so.
Sam Warburton says he is "bitterly disappointed" to be dropped as Wales captain by Eddie Jones.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man was shot dead in Birmingham.
Pakistan has asked the chief of army staff to spare the life of a former Indian navy officer detained in 2016.
Women are still paid less than their male counterparts in the skilled trades, according to official figures.
A pilot scheme to police illegal parking outside schools was halted after three months because of a single parent, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after just three months in charge of the Championship club.
Two men have been jailed for their part in the death of a 12-year-old boy who was hit by a car 12 years ago.
Garbine Muguruza beat Francesca Schiavone 6-4 6-2 to reach the second round of the French Open.
A left-wing party has said it is "ludicrous" to refer to its supporters as "entryists" in the Labour leadership contest.
Thousands of people in central Chile have been evacuated from their homes after a powerful earthquake struck off the coast.
Coventry City's move to the Ricoh Arena in 2005 was one of the most memorable moments in the club's history.
Bury have extended the loan spell of Bournemouth striker Sam Bergsoy until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Dungarvan Country Music Festival.
Banking is one of the most important services in the UK economy.
A bomb has been found close to a primary school in north Belfast.
Papers in India are praising China's military presence on the border with Ladakh.
Celtic Ladies have signed Sunderland Ladies midfielder Hannah Staniforth and Glasgow City defender Lizzie Sjoman.
On the outskirts of Gaza City, on the edge of the city, is a block of flats built by the Palestinian militant group Hamas.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Glasgow will not be affected by changes to timetables, CrossCountry has said.
The US has urged China and the Philippines to "de-escalate tensions" in the South China Sea.
More than 100 cardinals have arrived in Rome to begin the process of electing a new Pope.
Elena and her husband are on the verge of bankruptcy in Russia.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned China that the country's currency, the yuan, needs to appreciate further to prevent it becoming more undervalued.
Three people have been rescued after their boat capsized in the River Forth in Aberdeenshire.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is "very unlikely" that BT will recommend that its Openreach division be split off.
A court in Niger has opened a criminal investigation into alleged corruption in the uranium industry.
At least 11 people have been killed in the Western Cape province of South Africa in what officials say is the worst winter storm in 30 years.
At least seven people have been injured after a freight train derailed in the US state of Tennessee, officials say.
Paralympic archery champion Katie Brown says she will not compete at the Rio Paralympics.
A rugby player was killed when his car hit a roundabout and landed on its roof, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a bulldozer was used to demolish a house in Australia, police say.
Nico Rosberg led Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues moved into the Premiership play-off places with a bonus-point win over Pau.
A council is taking legal action against a crematorium which refused to hand over the ashes of more than 1,000 babies to their parents.
President Donald Tusk has written to the European Council to express his disappointment at the result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
The poultry industry is one of the biggest employers in Northern Ireland.
French customs officials have blocked an attempt to export a 17th Century painting from Spain to Switzerland after it was found on a boat in the Mediterranean.
MPs have said they are "concerned" by the contents of a package sent to Sir Bradley Wiggins' Team Sky doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a Glasgow shopkeeper in a "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified attack".
What can we learn from the last two weeks of polling on the EU referendum?
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says the club's Grand Final win was a fitting way to end their careers.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Talks aimed at resolving the junior doctors' dispute in England have been extended.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have signed a hotline to discuss the security situation in the country.
The Sydney Sixers beat Melbourne Heat by seven runs in the One-Day Cup final to reach the final of the season.
Barca moved to within a point of La Liga leaders Real Madrid with a comfortable win over Levante.
The head of Spain's transport regulator, Renfe, has said there was no record of any damage or abnormality on the train that derailed in the Galician coast.
The funeral of a teenager who was killed in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a century as Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by eight wickets in the Women's Super League.
Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Dimitri Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen after US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US interest rate was too low.
Gloucester came from behind to beat Cardiff Blues and reach the European Champions Cup quarter-finals.
A sinkhole has opened up on a main road that links two quarries, causing a lorry to become stuck.
When Lewis Hunt won the 1976 Formula 1 World Championship, it was the first time the sport was broadcast on television in the UK.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Donore Court in Glasgow.
Mark Schalk's late goal gave Hibernian victory over Ross County in the Scottish League Cup final.
Two dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field in Essex.
Wales captain Huw Jenkins says the reaction to Friday's Six Nations win over France is " baffling".
Mae'r heddlu wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Ninbych yn Lerpwl.
Scientists have developed fingerprint structures that could be used in self-driving cars.
Drugs including benzodiazepines have been stolen during a burglary at a pharmaceuticals in Londonderry.
England are in a very good position to win the second Test against South Africa at The Oval.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the response to her victory at the European Championships in London.
It is a quiet retreat in the foothills of the Poconos mountains in the US state of Pennsylvania.
The family of a teenager who drowned on a beach in India nine years ago has appealed against a court's decision to acquit two men of her murder.
If you wanted to know what was going on at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix in Nethergate.
A woman has been charged with raping a cab driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a Londonderry teacher who died in China have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A Scottish artist's collection of paintings and sculptures has gone on display.
Fernando Lopez's late boot gave Scotland victory over France in their first international since the Paris attacks.
Bus drivers in Dorset are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Michelin has said it will do all it can to save the Michelin factory in County Antrim.
More than £150m has been pledged to the Syrian civil war in the past few months, according to charity Oxfam.
The Revenant has been named best animated film at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles.
Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest coaches of all time.
A dog has become one of the most travelled on EasyJet flights.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
BBC Radio 4's Reality Check has been looking at the implications of Article 50, the UK's exit from the European Union.
Staff at Swansea University's School of Management have claimed they were subjected to a "culture of suspicion" at the university.
Wasps flanker N Hughes has been named in the England squad for the autumn Test series against Australia.
Derbyshire have signed fast bowler Liam Cotton and all-rounder Adam Taylor on loan until the end of the season.
Vigils have been held across the UK to remember the South African woman who was shot dead last year.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in Dublin for an undisclosed sum.
A payday lender has agreed to repay more than £700,000 to customers who may have suffered problems with their loans.
Singer Joan Collins has said she is "doing well" after suffering a traumatic brain injury three years ago.
Motorists in Edinburgh are to be able to drive at 20mph for the first time under a new road speed limit scheme.
More than 600,000 people missed hospital appointments in Scotland in the last five years, according to new figures.
Royal Mail has announced that its chief executive, Carolyn McCall, will step down at the end of the year.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months time, the organisation responsible for the event has said.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£55m) to settle claims that asylum seekers were trafficked to the Pacific island nation of Papua New Guinea.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a victim of sexual abuse by a former teacher.
Plans for a new skyscraper on the site of a former nuclear power station in Southampton have been unveiled.
James Taylor says he has learned to deal with the "nasty cut" he suffered in his WBA super-lightweight title defeat by Martin Joubert in Glasgow.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has eased the rules on abortion in the Catholic Church, allowing all priests to forgive women who seek an abortion.
Police in India have launched an inquiry into a Nepalese couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest.
Manchester City were held to a draw by Burnley at Etihad Stadium to move up to second in the Premier League.
An elderly woman has been killed in a house fire in Stirling.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported a rise in annual profits.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" he is in contention to win the Formula 1 world championship for the first time since 2010.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's response to the refugee crisis in Syria.
Plans for a new specialist cancer unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
Hospitals in Dorset have been forced to cancel some operations due to "unprecedented" demand.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.6bn) to settle a US civil case over the rigging of Libor interest rates.
Two young rugby players have been able to play without goggles for the first time.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup finals, Scottish Rugby has announced.
Crewe Alexandra manager Kevin Davis says the club's young players have been "pretty strong" this season.
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the Premiership final for the first time in their history.
NHS staff in England are being asked to verify they are not robots by Google, the company has said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "devastated" by the amount of rubbish police have combed through since he went missing last month.
The cost of offering free childcare to working parents in Wales could rise considerably if the policy is successful, an economist has warned.
James Corden has appeared on Carpool Karaoke with First Lady Michelle Obama for the first time.
A museum celebrating the 150th anniversary of Pride And Prejudice has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Wigan Warriors head coach Steve Smith says his side will take confidence into next week's Super League final against Warrington Wolves.
England's Chris Woakes, James Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named the world's leading all-rounder.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash in County Down.
New Zealand international Ryan Draper scored a hat-trick as Scottish League Two leaders Inverness Caledonian Thistle were knocked out of the Scottish Cup.
Every pound, shilling and pence that we spend will be cut in the first year of the Welsh Government, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A former football coach has been arrested as part of an investigation into allegations of historical child abuse.
Scotland's leading sporting figures are to be recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The number of nursing homes in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, the Care Quality Commission has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to drink-driving charges after a doctor found that her intestines ferment alcohol.
Scientists have identified a mutation in a gene that may have helped humans to grow larger brains.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for an undisclosed fee.
A pizza shop has been ordered by a mental health trust after the phrase "mental ill health" appeared on the delivery instructions.
A further £4.2m is to be spent on repairing coastal defences damaged by winter storms, the Welsh government has announced.
Five women have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2015 award.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super 8s with a hard-fought win over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
U2 have been hailed as one of the greatest rock 'n' roll bands of all time at a special concert in Dublin.
Wales made a winning start to their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
A yellow "be aware" warning of flooding has been issued by the Met Office for Northern Ireland.
Iranian police have arrested 13 people in connection with a video for US singer Michelle Williams' song "Happy we are from Tehran".
A woman who went missing more than a decade ago was murdered by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
The government has been ordered to take "urgent action" to tackle air pollution in the UK, a court has ruled.
As the BBC's Proms finale draws to a close, BBC music director Sarah Alsop looks back at her career as a conductor.
An Afghan court has sentenced a man to life in prison for raping and murdering his four-year-old daughter.
A pilot has been cleared of causing an RAF jet to nosedive over Afghanistan.
Islamic State (IS) has launched its latest propaganda channel via the Telegram messaging app.
Iraq's parliament has approved a sweeping reform package aimed at reforming the country's political system.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the play-off for third place in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won gold in the women's four at the Rio Olympics as Great Britain finished second in the medal table.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in central London have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City's summer signings were "last minute" and "embarrassing", says the club's director of football Andrew Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly has voted in favour of allowing abortion in circumstances where the unborn child is likely to die.
Munster have been cleared of breaching concussion management rules following an incident involving scrum-half Conor Murray in a Premiership game against Exeter Chiefs.
Iraqi security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad.
A woman with learning disabilities who has given birth to six children is to be sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A jury has been selected to design a new stately home for the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine to move into second place in the overall standings.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Four men have been arrested in Britain on suspicion of terrorism offences, the North East Counter Terrorism Unit has said.
The Middle East kingdom of Jordan is one of the world's most important economies and has a reputation for stability.
The "de facto authorities" in eastern Ukraine have ordered all UN agencies and non-governmental organisations to leave the region, the UN's humanitarian chief has said.
India will participate in the Champions Trophy in May, the world governing body has announced.
Plans to reintroduce flood forests to upland areas of the UK could be "highly effective" and cheaper than conventional flood defences, Lord Rooker has said.
The Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has abandoned plans to open a lounge selling marijuana.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the Tees Valley.
A Russian prosecutor has said a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II has been found in a Russian Orthodox chapel.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
Cheryl Howe is a tech entrepreneur who has worked in the entertainment industry for more than 50 years.
A railway station that was once regarded as one of the most beautiful in the world is to go on display for the first time.
Chinese shares fell on Monday after a closely watched survey suggested manufacturing activity in the country was slowing.
Three policemen have been injured after a gang of masked men tried to break into a jewellers in central London.
Leverkusen boss Christian Schmidt has been banned for two games after admitting to being a "nutcase" during the German Cup second-round defeat by Hoffenheim.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party has been knocked out of the running for the presidency in the run-off vote of the European Parliament.
The Green Party has gained two seats in Orkney in the local elections.
A motorcyclist, Damian Piotrowski, has died after being involved in a collision with three cars in Edinburgh.
It's been a week of ups and downs for Scotland.
A County Londonderry man has said he is "devastated" after a postcard he sent 29 years ago was found in a sorting machine.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Kangaroos prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US rival for $1.5bn (£1.6bn) in cash.
A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped in the Philippines has been killed, officials say.
Madonna has released a music video for her new album.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has said it is "disgusted" by a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a philanderer.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union with an extra £416m of funding coming into the county.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in South Lanarkshire.
It's been a good night for the Scottish Conservatives.
Juan Figueiredo fought back from 5-1 down to beat Ding Junhui 6-4 in the first round of the UK Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for not doing enough to help victims of crime.
Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Warsaw Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over China's Zheng Saisai.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of a Royal Navy squadron in World War Two.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned to Saturn.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties across the Isle of Man.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat to a school.
Macclesfield Town have signed midfielder Ryan Marsh on a two-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
The Premier League season has been one of the most exciting in the history of the game.
Irish students Niccolai Donohoe and Eoghan Schuster have been killed in a balcony collapse in the US.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because some of the questions were leaked online.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is interested in bringing back the party's historic Clause IV.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City are "seeing the old Swansea again".
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog for their handling of child sex abuse allegations.
Paul Smith has been knocked out of the WBA super-middleweight title in the final round by German Michael Zeuge.
Oscar-winning actor Ben Broadbent is to star in a new drama about the Great Train Robbery, based on the late detective who led the investigation.
The US has said it will drop charges against Indian consul Anil Khobragade, who was arrested last week on suspicion of visa fraud.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates has been named as a finalist for the Martin Ennals Award.
Politicians in the North of England are calling for more investment in the region's transport system in the wake of the Brexit vote.
Britain's Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Germany's Andreas Seppi.
Voting has begun in local elections in Merseyside.
A 15-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in Aberdeenshire.
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals in a bid to unite the country's secular population.
Mayo's hopes of winning back-to-back All-Ireland titles suffered a major blow as they were beaten 0-19 to 1-13 by Dublin in the final at Croke Park.
More than 100 Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
Belarus has banned a Russian official from the Rio Paralympics after he carried a Russian flag on the opening day of the Games.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a nine-year-old boy by dangerous driving after he backed his tractor into a worker.
Former road race champion David Miller has been appointed as British Cycling's new anti-doping officer.
Residents have said they are "very angry" about a fire which has been burning for more than a week.
Eight men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including supporting a proscribed organisation.
A long-running debate over a new way to transmit data across the electromagnetic spectrum has come to an end.
The inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan, who died after giving birth to a baby boy, has highlighted the need for more support for mothers and babies during pregnancy and after birth.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales are facing a huge increase in business rates.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Ryan Stephens has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the FA Cup semi-final.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to address supporters in Paris on Monday, amid reports that his wife was paid for non-existent parliamentary work.
More than half of UK workers say they have been absent from work when they are ill, a survey suggests.
Residents at a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding on the building failed new fire safety tests.
An Indian doctor has been arrested in Australia on suspicion of defrauding the country out of more than A$30,000 (Â£18,600) by posing as an Indian doctor.
US President Barack Obama has said it is "hard to envision" how a Palestinian state would happen while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was prime minister.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl at a care home.
The government has announced plans to throw Â£5m at groups prepared to join it in combating extremism.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has called on Prime Minister Theresa May to support an open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland after Brexit.
Higher education Secretary Boris Johnson is to call for better contracts for students at universities in England.
A Tyrannosaurid skeleton unearthed in Mongolia has been sold at auction for the first time.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman saved two penalties in the dying stages as the League Two club were held to a goalless draw by Blackpool.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has risen by more than a third in six years, figures show.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall.
More than half of drivers in England have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to the AA.
A review of the speed limit in Greater Manchester has found it has not reduced the number of accidents in 20mph zones.
St Johnstone midfielder James Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Labour can beat the Conservatives by itself, Welsh MP Jo Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound was found dead behind a water tank in Lancashire.
A German court has opened the trial of a far-right activist accused of involvement in the murder of ethnic Turks in East Germany in 2011.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Univision will not air the Miss Universe pageant in the United States.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for remarks he made during his Golden Globe acceptance speech at the ceremony.
A £100m shopping complex in Newport city centre is to open with the opening of a Debenhams store.
India's central bank governor has warned that the country may not have the tools to tackle its economic problems.
The three main political parties in the UK say they will clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Rescuers searching for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in central Italy say they are facing a "race against time" to find survivors.
A memorial service for the victims of the Shoreham air disaster is to be held in West Sussex.
A police and crime commissioner has said he is "not convinced" moving his office to Exeter is the best use of his time or money.
The Australian government has announced a multi-million dollar drought assistance package for farmers in Queensland.
A grand jury in the US state of South Carolina has ruled that Sandra Bland was unlawfully arrested.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal.
Britain's David Ding reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship with a 4-3 win over Thailand's Anjem Raza.
Northamptonshire director of cricket Martin Benkenstein says the club's batsman Chris Berg could be out for up to six weeks with a knee injury.
The partner of a man who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was in a washing machine.
Mae'r esgobion yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf wedi disgrifio'r achos fel un "hanesyddol" yn Sir Gâr.
Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club, with the option of a further year.
Carmaker Cadbury has announced plans to ditch its Fairtrade certification system as part of a major shake-up of the world's trade system.
Nigeria-born author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for Fiction.
A man has been fined after a Rangers fan was hit in the head by a football fan during a match in Aberdeen.
The US has stepped up security for the Super Bowl in California, amid heightened security following the Paris attacks.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane, according to his consultant Dr David Tobin.
The death of a man in Galloway is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in the second pre-season test at the Australian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has topped a list of the world's most influential art dealers.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a video emerged showing men kissing a cardboard cutout of a female employee in Kuala Lumpur.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn cael ei rhoi croeso gofalus i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
"The world's food system built on incredibly cheap calories," says Prof David Benton, a professor of food security at Leeds University.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding a first Championship defeat of the season suffered a blow as they lost six wickets on the final day at Canterbury.
North Korea has said it has successfully tested a ballistic missile for the first time, according to state media.
The number of people being contacted about their pension savings has more than doubled in the last two years, according to the Information Commissioner's Office.
A barrister is challenging a decision not to refer two brothers to the Crown Court for breaching their assisting offender agreements.
Young people are being warned not to buy cosmetic contact lenses because they could cause eye disease.
A man who worked at a Byron restaurant in London has described how immigration officials arrested him and deported him.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town defender Jack Cole for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones star Game of Thrones actress Sophie Christie is to star in the next series of Top of the Lake.
First Derivatives, a Dublin-based financial analysis software firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the three months to the end of December.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester has been banned from entering the city's streets.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has said the Irish government will not be silent about the possibility of the UK leaving the European Union.
The Home Office is to carry out a "strategic review" of undercover policing in Scotland.
Lazio have been banned for two games behind closed doors by European football's governing body Uefa.
A US judge has thrown out a request by Apple to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after clashes broke out outside the venue.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb says he is "back up and running" in pre-season.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A train carriage which transported Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral has been restored.
Hundreds of nude models are to go on display in Hull for the first time.
Recordings made by Oliver Cromwell Wall's family during World War One have been restored at the Museum of London.
UKIP has accused the BBC of making a false statement about Nigel Farage on its satire show Have I Got News for You.
Researchers in Italy have developed a robotic arm that can be used in "invasive" surgery.
One of the world's most famous locomotives has made its first journey across the moors.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games.
A Pembrokeshire-based media company is to relocate its local radio shows to a new studio in Carmarthenshire.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies based in the Falkland Islands.
One of the world's most famous aircraft, the F-35, has returned to the skies above Stockport.
The UK is likely to have to pay up to £500m in the event of Brexit, according to a report by the European Commission.
A new facial recognition app has been launched in the US.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama beat Rory McIlroy to win the Chinese Open by one shot.
A search has been launched for a kayaker believed to be in difficulty off the coast of County Down.
Facebook has unveiled a new version of its Messenger messaging app, called Messenger for Business.
It's that time of year again when the Chinese president returns to the UK for the first time in more than a decade.
The US is to send special forces to Iraq to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of pro-democracy and human rights organisations.
In the grounds of the Natural History Museum in Knoxville, Tennessee, a large cadaver is tucked away.
A motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after falling on a beach in Porthcawl.
One Direction fans have been left "gutted and a little bit sick" after the band cancelled their Little Mix concert in Belfast.
Work has begun on a new memorial to the Battle of the Somme, which has been described as one of the world's most famous battles.
Sam Owens scored a hat-trick as Widnes beat Warrington to move to within a point of Super League leaders Hull KR.
South Africa is one of the world's most beautiful countries.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed former Chesterfield midfielder N'Golo Kante for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq Composite ended the day sharply lower, dragged down by a sharp fall in shares in Kraft Foods.
As the Sri Lankan embassy in Saudi Arabia prepares to open its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade, a queue of women is forming outside the detention centre.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama in a major challenge to his healthcare law.
A great-grandfather who escaped from a court in Belfast 40 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
Thousands of Coptic Christians have attended a vigil in Cairo to remember the late Pope Shenouda, who led the Church for four decades.
A man's body has been found in a road in Lancashire.
Jeremy Corbyn has been photographed clutching a giant vegetable at the Labour Party conference in Bournemouth.
Marcus Rashford will have to adjust to the pressure of playing at Euro 2016, says Wales manager Chris Coleman.
MPs have voted to hold an immediate review of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill after failing in their attempts to amend it.
The main building of the University of Aberdeen has been closed after a fire.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient.
The number of drug users in Wrexham has risen by more than a third in the last decade.
Tanzania's electoral commission has suspended elections in the archipelago's two main islands of Unguja and Pemba, the president's spokesman has said.
More than 5,000 jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to new figures.
A fact-finding mission for the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons has concluded that a "large number" of people were exposed to Sarin or a Sarin-like substance during a chemical attack in northern Syria last month.
A militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has said it has killed at least 30 soldiers in Yemen.
A British soldier has been reunited with his World War One suitbag after it was stolen from a train during the Gallipoli campaign.
Paralympic champion David Weir has said he will still compete at the London Marathon this year.
More than 76 jobs are to go at Shrewsbury College, it has been announced.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating allegations of malpractice in a school exam.
Ed Sheeran has played in front of a crowd of up to 3,000 people at the Glastonbury Festival.
The Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone has led to the death of more than 100 people since the civil war ended in 1991.
Former deputy prime minister Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar.
Paris St-Germain maintained their lead at the top of Ligue 1 with a comfortable win over Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Gianluigi Buffon has left the club by mutual consent.
The world is about to become a world of wearable, health-focused gadgets.
Pope Francis has accepted a miracle attributed to the late Mother Teresa, the Catholic Church has said.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The value of used Volkswagen cars has fallen sharply since the emissions scandal came to light last year, according to a new report.
Facebook's founder has said he is sympathetic to Apple's refusal to unlock the iPhone of a gunman who killed 14 people in California last December.
The body of a woman who died in the Malaysia Airlines plane crash off the Indonesian island of Borneo has been buried.
Beauly will face Oban Camanachd in the Camanachd Cup semi-finals after a 2-2 draw away to Kilmallie.
Belgian police have foiled a terror attack in a town near the border with Germany, a prosecutor has said.
A council has launched a night-vision goggles scheme to tackle dog "hotspots" in Staffordshire.
A squirrel has been caught after running across a bar's pumps and turning on the Caffrey's tap.
Scottish Labour is to ask the Scottish government what it knows about police spying on MSPs.
A man who spent 22 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of gun violence has been exonerated by a judge.
More than 200 traders have been fined for failing to properly dispose of their waste in Edinburgh.
The families of two prisoners who died after self-inflicted incidents at a prison have launched a judicial review.
Sir Michael Wilshaw has said he does not think the public would let the RAF lose the Red Arrows.
A dying peer has said he is "only too conscious" that the laws of this country make it impossible for people like him to be helped on their way to die.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new contract with the Premier League club, which will keep him at the club until the summer of 2019.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli was subjected to monkey noises during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Roma, says his club Bastia.
Virgin Trains workers on the east coast have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over staffing, conditions and safety.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with an ankle injury.
It's been a busy week for the media in the UK.
The number of bee deaths in Europe has risen sharply in the past year, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been released on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, Malaysian officials say.
The United Nations has ended a campaign against the selection of Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
A yacht has been rescued after an explosion off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
A man has been found guilty of racially aggravated conduct against four witnesses at a pro-refugee rally.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool have been backed by a report.
A radio station in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Biafra has been shut down by the military, the government has said.
A homeless man who has raised more than £100,000 for charity has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Boeing has developed a high powered laser that can be used in space.
Four people have been arrested after teenager James Appleton was stabbed to death in a park in north London.
Crusaders will attempt to retain the Irish Premiership title if they beat Glenavon at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John has called for more to be done to help ex-footballers with dementia.
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will bring you live coverage of the 2016 Rugby League season.
A portrait of Mozart is to be painted on buildings around the world to mark the composer's 90th birthday.
A new 'Boris bikes' scheme is to be rolled out in London.
India beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the second Test in Galle to win the second match in a row.
Donald Trump's campaign for US president has pulled out of a major tournament in Mexico City, citing a sponsorship issue.
The Scottish government and the Scotch Whisky Association (SWA) have launched a legal challenge to minimum pricing for alcohol.
Status Quo singer Rick Parfitt has died at the age of 67, his manager has said.
Car insurance premiums will rise by an average of 20% over the next three years, according to the Association of British Insurers.
The Championship play-offs and the dismissal of Danny Hylton were just some of the things you may have missed in the English Football League on Saturday.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is "delighted" by the progress of his side in the Betfred Cup group stage.
Plans to expand the role of the rector at one of Scotland's major universities have been criticised by a leading academic.
Cardiff City have rejected a new contract offer from Peter Whittingham.
A drilling rig is expected to arrive at the Beatrice oil field in Caithness later.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he is not feeling under pressure as he prepares for his World Championship quarter-final.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating alleged financial irregularities.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly kicking a ball boy during Saturday's 2-2 draw with Chester.
Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel O'Connell on a season-long loan from National League side Southport.
A sculpture honouring musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull.
A woman has been arrested after two mobile phones belonging to Metallica were stolen during a concert.
A woman has died after being hit by a train in Ipswich.
Dancing star Michael O'Donnell has said he was "ridiculous" to be voted off Strictly Come Dancing.
A German octopus called Paul is in the running to become the world's most famous 'psychic' octopus.
Colwyn Bay have sacked manager David Lynch after just three months in charge of the National League strugglers.
A Cub Scout has won the men's title at the World Para-conkers Championships.
A driver has been caught after a sofa was found in the boot of a car.
The world's first unmanned aircraft has made its first public appearance at the Paris Air Show.
What do you do if you live in a block of flats in central London?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of "corporating anti-Israel bias".
The Church of England is to divest from companies that make money from fossil fuels for the first time.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" about the club's relegation from the Premier League.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by Olympiakos in the first leg of their Europa League tie.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to treat an attack on an air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir "just the way they've said they will".
An Indian woman who claims she was forced into marriage by her husband in Pakistan has arrived in the capital, Delhi.
The Liberal Democrats have lost three seats in the general election in Scotland.
Madagascar's parliament has voted to elect Andry Rajaonarimampianina as president.
Alastair Cook hit a career-best 263 as England's batsmen struggled on day two of the first Test against Pakistan.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to stage two days of strike action next week.
Why did a British plane drop a missile on a group of so-called Islamic State fighters in Syria?
A bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in north Belfast.
A judge in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in April.
Mexican Interior Minister Gustavo Galindo has been sacked after a report accused police of using excessive force during a raid.
Flight bookings systems used by airlines and travel agents are vulnerable to phishing attacks, according to security researchers.
About 15% of police officers in England and Wales are planning to leave the service, according to a survey by the BBC.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils and move up to second in Super League.
A decision to allow pedestrians to use Oxford's Westgate road when it reopens next year has been approved by the government.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has said it will take "appropriate steps" if the security situation in Bangladesh is "unsafe".
Two senior council leaders have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" that there will be treaty change in order to solve the eurozone's economic crisis.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers in the National League on Thursday.
Scotland's largest corm has produced a flower for the first time in more than a decade at the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh.
Tyson Fury has said he is "very confident" he will be cleared of a doping offence by the UK Anti-Doping Agency before his rematch with Wladimir Klitschko in October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men in Peterborough.
The world's first unmanned drone has been developed.
Work on the site where five people died in the collapse of a building at the RWE power station in Londonderry has begun.
Indonesia's governing People's Democratic Party (PDI-P) has won the country's parliamentary election, according to early results.
Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a fresh bid for rival SABMiller, in a deal that could create the world's biggest brewer.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced £250m of funding to improve access to tennis courts in Britain.
Cornwall is to receive the highest share of a £60m fund to tackle the affordability gap in second homes, the government has announced.
Scientists in the US are holding a competition to see if a computer can beat human players in a poker game.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Hong Kong restaurant owner in County Antrim.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a major offensive on government-held areas of the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, officials say.
A French court in Vietnam has sentenced a pro-democracy activist to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2016 World Cup.
Revenues from the music industry rose by more than 5% in 2016, according to the British Philharmonic Orchestra (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) to settle a series of safety-related lawsuits.
A lion has escaped from the Karoo National Park in South Africa, officials say.
Poet Laureate Philip Larkin is to be memorialised in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey.
A former soldier has been jailed for a total of 12 years for the murder of a 16-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's president has sacked the entire cabinet, in a major shake-up of the country's government.
A Russian spacecraft that was due to dock with the International Space Station (ISS) has been lost for the second time in less than a week.
There is a schoolroom in this makeshift refugee camp on the border with Syria, and it is full of children.
Two people have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of the Western Cape.
A number of homes in Great Yarmouth have been flooded after heavy rain caused flooding.
A cat found in a car in Glasgow was poisoned with antifreeze, the Scottish SPCA has said.
The Chicago Owlz baseball team has apologised for promoting a "Caucasian Heritage Night" in the wake of recent racial violence in South Carolina.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who has been missing from her home in Milton Keynes.
What do you do if you're Lorde and you're sick?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title defence has been described as one of the best in the history of the city.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a draw against Somerset.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said it was "wrong" to go to war in Iraq.
A lifeboat crew rescued a group of brides from a river after their vessel became stuck in mud.
Bradley Cooper is to star in a new Doctor Who episode, the BBC has announced.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government should fund a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released a CCTV image of two men they want to speak to in connection with a break-in at a house in Kent.
A new Â£2.3m market hall is to be built in Anglesey.
The government has said it wants to change stop and search powers in England and Wales, amid concerns about the impact on black communities.
Glentoran manager Michael Haveron has urged his players to show passion and pride in Saturday's Irish Premiership derby against Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Plans to move consultant-led maternity services to two north Wales hospitals have been approved by doctors.
Dumfries and Galloway manager James McCann has criticised his side's attitude after their League Cup defeat by Dundee United.
Slovakia is one of the smallest countries in the European Union.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he is "close" to signing former Derby County midfielder Ryan Barker.
A new bowling pavilion is to be built in Northamptonshire.
England ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a 2-0 win over Belgium in Leuven.
Google's Titan Aerospace, the company that has been developing internet-providing drones, has shut down.
A 19-year-old man who escaped from a Manchester City centre bus station has been named by police.
Frank Pantridge, the Belfast-born doctor who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died.
Great Britain's Lionhearts won the World Superbantamweight Championship for the first time with a unanimous points win over Cuba.
Oldham came from behind to beat Hull KR and reach the Challenge Cup sixth round.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said plans to turn the city's Evin prison into a park have been approved by the judiciary.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has dropped its investigation into the rape of a 15-year-old girl by a gang of taxi drivers in Rochdale.
It is not every day that a footballer dies from a cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have seen their audience share fall in the last three months of 2016, according to audience research body Kantar Media.
A festival celebrating the life of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is to be held in Edinburgh.
Schalke have signed Brazilian coach Marco Tedesco from German top-flight side FC Erzgebirge for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic have been fined £10,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Europa League campaign.
A towpath in the Vale of Glamorgan is to close for two weeks to allow repairs to be carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League has published updated rules for tackling anti-social behaviour at stadiums.
In the early 1960s, India's Maoist rebels seized control of rural areas in the north-east of the country.
Scientists have used a molecular tape recorder to trace the lineage of hundreds of thousands of cells.
Katie Storey won the women's road race at the World Para-athletics Championships for the first time in her career.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for seven years for corruption.
The government has announced a raft of reforms in the Queen's Speech, including more powers to monitor extremism and clamp down on extremism.
Australian police are continuing to search for a saltwater crocodile after a boy was mauled to death by the reptile.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their 1-0 defeat by Switzerland in the opening Group E game of Euro 2016.
A new app has been launched to help people who have taken their own lives in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
Two men have been given suspended prison sentences after more than 20,000 tyres were found buried in the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by nine wickets in the first Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the two-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the central Philippines, killing at least two people.
Ireland all-rounder David Rankin has announced his retirement from Test cricket.
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid at the end of February 2016, the club were in the grip of a major turning point in his managerial career.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced a series of changes to the county cricket schedule.
A Grade II-listed cross which was knocked down by a car in Essex is to be rebuilt, a town trustee has said.
The French territory of Reunion is located in the Indian Ocean.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia if Moscow fulfils its commitments in the fight against terrorism.
England's Justin Rose shot a five-under-par 66 to share the lead with American Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed former Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
When Othman was uprooted from his home in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2014, he said he could not imagine what life would be like if the city's dam collapsed.
Former West Ham manager Sir Alex Gold has been caught up in a prank.
More than £1,000 worth of Christmas trimmings have been stolen from a butcher's shop in Powys.
Victoria Azarenka has won her first competitive match since giving birth to her first child.
Leeds Rhinos say the cost of flooding at their training ground is estimated to be £1m.
Six teenagers have been found dead at a hut in the German state of Wuerzburg after a birthday party, police say.
Corruption is a driving force behind the rise of so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a report.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "excited" by the close race between Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scientists have discovered a mysterious heat hotspot at the top of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership by the Rugby Football League.
Leicester Riders are looking to continue their winning start to the Women's British Basketball League season.
Kilmarnock moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest percentage of obese adults in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been killed in a car crash in Paris during the Tour de France, French police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by a surge in Black Friday discounts, official figures show.
A filly has been disqualified from the At The Races after being found to be the wrong horse.
The UK's exit from the European Union could take years to implement, former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said.
At least eight people have been killed in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has vowed to prevent the "horrific" deaths of more than 50,000 inmates at the Natzweiler concentration camp in Alsace.
A Google employee has been given a $12 (Â£8) bounty for spotting a weakness in the search giant's website-buying system.
A barrister has been commissioned to go through 10,000 police documents relating to the 1984 Battle of Orgreave, a House of Lords committee has heard.
Jack Johnson scored twice as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Motherwell.
Charles Feeney is one of the world's richest men.
A Conservative MP who left his wife to become an MP for Morley and Outwood has been reselected.
Employers in India's southern cities of Chennai and Bangalore have declared a holiday ahead of the release of superstar Rajinikanth's film Kabali.
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has been found unconscious in a brothel in the US state of Nevada.
It was an extraordinary day for the European Union.
Bradley Wiggins has defended his use of illegal injections of performance-enhancing substances before major races.
More than 1,600 spiderlings have been reared at a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a conservation project.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has nominated two candidates for vice-presidents of Myanmar.
A 16-year-old girl from the US is using artificial intelligence to diagnose breast cancer.
Sudan's government and pro-government camps are engaged in a war of words over the occupation of Heglig by South Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in a Cumbrian village have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The number of European workers in the UK has risen to its highest level since records began, according to official figures.
Artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the second time.
Police in Nigeria's Lagos state have filed a law suit against a man they say is a kidnap kingpin.
Huddersfield striker David Paterson says Northern Ireland have only got themselves to blame for their 2-0 defeat by Azerbaijan in the Euro 2016 qualifier in Tel Aviv.
The chairman of the Irish parliament's finance committee has said he is "disappointed" that the finance minister has refused to attend the inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland assets.
Thousands of people have been affected by flooding at a London railway station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdicating, the Imperial Palace has said.
A company planning to drill for gas in County Fermanagh has been denied permission to begin drilling.
The number of AMs in the Welsh cabinet should be increased to 40, according to the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Universities are considering expanding their European research centres in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Taking long naps at night could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to scientists in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have been knocked out of the World Para-athletics Championships in Japan.
The remains of a teenager shot dead by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed.
Pete Welsh is one of three authors shortlisted for the first Saltire Book of the Year award, which will be announced later this month.
The derby is one of the most famous sporting events in the world.
House prices in the East of England have risen by more than 5% in the past year, official figures show.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned that London's teaching hospitals are struggling to recruit nurses because of staffing shortages.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Karrueche has announced that she is divorcing him.
The family of a black woman who died while in police custody in Texas has said she may have tried to kill herself.
The campaign to become the next head of the United Nations is getting under way.
N-Dubz have been nominated for four awards at this year's Mobos, according to frontman Dappy.
Six people have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been named in the England squad for the second Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
A "significant number" of anti-fascists were "intent on violence and criminality" at a counter-protest, police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are in Bhutan for a two-day visit.
The retreat of glaciers in the French Alps has accelerated, according to a new survey.
A property tycoon has been accused of being "racist" after he banned people from renting his homes because of the curry smell.
At least 20 people have been injured in a train derailment in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, officials say.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a woman who fell to her death from a bridge.
Lewis Hamilton has won the world title for the first time in his career with victory in the United States.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorbike in Greece have said they are "mortified" after his sentence was suspended.
A replica of a puppet based on the 1960s TV show Thunderbirds has been donated to charity.
Pupils in England will have to study new GCSEs from the autumn of 2015, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria coach by the National Football Federation (NFF).
The government is considering curbs on the rights of Romanian and Bulgarian migrants to live and work in the UK, the BBC understands.
A man who encouraged a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for five years.
A&E waiting times in England have improved for the first time in more than a year, according to new figures.
The government is to investigate the decision to place three children for adoption in Rotherham because they were members of UKIP.
Andy Murray has won a £1m bet on winning the ATP World Tour Finals in Aberdeen.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Mexican authorities have arrested the former governor of Tamaulipas, Daniel Yarrington, on corruption charges.
Colchester moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a late penalty from Lee Bonne.
London Bridge is to close for three weeks for maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to return to BBC One's The Voice UK after a two-year absence.
The Famous Five children's books are to be published for adults for the first time.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a street attack.
A fictional Essex town could be left in a "bubble" if it fails to boost its tourism, a council has warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a baby's body at a house in north London.
Microsoft has agreed to buy more than 1,000 patents and licences from AOL, the company has said.
Ireland fly-half Tommy Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Saturday's Pro12 win over Wales.
US President Donald Trump has said he did not make any recordings of his conversations with former FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a clear agenda for government, the party's leader has said.
Craig Levein says he has high hopes for new Celtic head coach Ian Cathro despite the club's poor start to the season.
Residents of the Rhondda Cynon Taff and Merthyr Tydfil mountains are being urged to get involved in tackling mountain fires.
The US city of Chicago has announced it will bid to become the next home of former President Barack Obama.
Toyota has cut its profit forecast for the current financial year as it struggles to meet demand in the US.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport because it was "for a laugh" has been told it will be cancelled.
A man and his sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Kirsty Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith have qualified for Sunday's final of the 10,000m at the Santry meeting in Londonderry.
Hibernian and Inverness Caledonian Thistle will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals on 16 April.
The death of a baby boy in Pakistan's southern city of Karachi has been described as a "heart-breaking incident".
The families of five people who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal plant have said they have not received any answers about why they died.
Shrewsbury Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Dunfermline Athletic.
Coventry has taken more Syrian refugees than any other area in England and Scotland, the city council has said.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison for attempting to bomb a US Airways flight from Amsterdam to Detroit in 2011.
Tui Group has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terrorist attack in Tunisia that left 38 people dead.
Police have issued a warning after a bomb was found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments on whether non-profit groups with religious ties can refuse to provide birth control in health plans.
A solar-powered plane attempting to circumnavigate the globe using just the energy of the Sun has been forced to abandon its attempt in Japan.
Celtic have made their 13-year-old debut for the first time in the club's history.
Worcester City head coach Colin Gordon should be part of a team managing the club, says director of football Steve Brown.
A furry podcast has been broadcast on a number of radio stations in the US after its transmitter was hacked.
Manchester City missed the chance to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Swansea City.
England's Tom Watson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the China Open after a rain-affected first round.
Danny Doughty scored a late winner as Swindon Town beat Millwall to move up to fifth in League One.
Theresa May has been accused of letting austerity damage her ability to keep us safe after the London terror attacks, Labour has said.
Former Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 87.
A human chain has been held at Coventry Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two.
British singer-songwriter Robin Sarstedt, best known for his song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 83.
Former children's laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a new TV drama based on her novel Callum and Sephy.
Six people have been charged with child sex offences in South Yorkshire.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Oil giant BP has brought non-essential overseas staff out of Libya for the time being in a phased reduction of numbers.
It was supposed to be a speech about the government's plans to force all schools in England to become academies.
Twenty-one patients have been evacuated from Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after smoke was reported coming from a pan washer.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of former ITV bodyguard David Hayden.
The mother of a teenager who died after being subjected to "cruel and overwhelming" taunts on social media has launched a school support scheme.
A teenage star of the US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filthy" humour.
The UK is to be able to import hydro-power from Norway for the first time, the government has announced.
A man who travelled to Manchester to help victims of the Manchester Arena attack has praised the people who have come together to help.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year has been put down, the park authorities say.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland was a mixed bag.
Substitute Sandro scored a late winner as Ipswich Town came from behind to beat QPR.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says it is "very worried" about the health situation in Liberia.
16 petrol bombs have been found in a street in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched a new Earth-observation platform.
Scotland's fishing industry has said it is "disappointed" by the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
A private ambulance has been involved in a crash with a bus in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new contract with the Spanish club.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County is the biggest of his career.
A man has described the devastation caused by flash flooding at Pittencrieff Park as "devastating".
East Dunbartonshire Council has been told it needs to make significant improvements to its services if it is to survive.
A man has been jailed for life for raping a woman in a "horrific attack" in 1985.
One of China's most famous intellectuals has died in Beijing, aged 106.
Stevenage have signed former Barnet striker Ryan Hyde on a free transfer.
Chichester Festival Theatre has been nominated for two prizes at this year's Olivier Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of playing for Norwich City again under new manager Christian Farke.
Stem cells could be used to restore hearing in people with hearing loss, say researchers.
Plans for a multi-million pound development in Oxford have been submitted to the city council.
Tunisians go to the polls on 26 October to elect a new parliament, the first since the overthrow of President Ben Ali in 2011.
The estate of Johnny Cash, who died in 2003, has released a posthumous album containing previously unreleased recordings.
Children who have had bad experiences in childhood are three times more likely to develop ill health later in life, a study suggests.
A former Celtic youth coach is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing a boy.
Scotland's 10,000m runner has been named in Great Britain's athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale have sacked manager Pedro Ribeiro after just three months in charge of the club.
More than half of secondary schools in England have had their librarians cut or their posts cut, according to a teachers' union.
Mae adeilad wedi dweud fod 74 o bobl sydd yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai yn yr ardal.
Bournemouth have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players' home addresses were accurate.
The 150th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess has been marked with a festival and mass.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to computer pioneer Alan Turing, 59 years after his death.
US President Barack Obama has visited the house that was once home to Bob Marley, during a visit to Jamaica.
Oldham Athletic's League One game against Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scotland's Russell Knox is looking forward to playing with former Masters champion David Lyle at the first major of the year.
Middlesex batsman Liam Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
The White House has said it is "going bananas" after a US appeals court ruled that President Donald Trump's immigration executive order was unconstitutional.
The UK will "deliberately bypass" Christian refugees by sending them directly to refugee camps in Syria, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh have found the remains of a woman's foetus in a plastic bag.
Wales opened their Women's Six Nations campaign with a comfortable win over the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to kill patients at a hospital has been jailed.
A former member of The Smiths has spoken of his "disaffection and distrust" with Morrissey, 10 years after the band reunited.
Mark McGhee says he is "delighted" to return to Motherwell as manager after a 13-year spell in charge.
More needs to be done to protect key chokepoints in the world's food supply, a report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have been disrupted after a power cut.
A blood test could be used to detect ovarian cancer early, say US researchers.
England's record-breaking start to the Six Nations is not just the way they finish games.
At least two people have been killed in a gas explosion in New York City, officials say.
Hewlett-Packard has unveiled a new Android-powered smartphone.
The annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been described as an important milestone in the fight against the spread of antibiotic resistance.
A man has died after being stabbed in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at a primary school in Edinburgh.
Switzerland's Stan Wawrinka was knocked out of the Australian Open in the quarter-finals by American Kyle Edmund.
St Johnstone have signed striker Ryan MacLean on a one-year deal.
Twenty years ago, Dolly the sheep was born.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet a paedophile hunter has been jailed for six years.
Kurdish fighters have clashed with Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Kobane, reports say.
Work on a new footbridge in West Sussex has been delayed to allow a review of the project.
A World War Two veteran who said he was "a changed man completely" when he arrived at Auschwitz is celebrating his 100th birthday.
Human remains have been found in the ground at a house in County Donegal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Manchester City in China for the first time this summer.
Energy firm Aggreko has said it will cut costs by £25m in the second half of the year.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute the man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills atrocity.
A man who posed as a clown to scare school pupils in County Antrim has apologised for any distress.
As the Turkish ambassador to Russia was shot dead in the early hours of Sunday morning, a group of people gathered around me.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was badly damaged in a fire in January.
When I first started writing about the impact of Brexit on the Welsh political landscape in the wake of the referendum result, I asked many people what they thought about it.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar yr Ardd yn eich gerddi Cymru yn y gaeaf.
Alex Baptiste's second-half header earned Preston victory at Norwich.
Police have appealed for witnesses after two cows were killed by fly-tippers in Conwy county.
Two of the three schools rated inadequate by the education watchdog as part of a hardline Muslim takeover are to lose their funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on a season-long loan deal.
A GP who punched a patient in the head has been struck off.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bradford.
Spencer Williams has won the cow bell trophy at the #TheJump.
Fox is to make a TV series based on the hit film Lethal Weapon, according to reports.
James Faulkner took three wickets as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the second one-day international to level the series.
The UK government has banned four proscribed jihadist groups from entering the country.
Estonia, a Baltic state, is a member of the European Union and Nato.
Plans for a new school in Dumfries have been given the go-ahead by the council.
Cardiff City have sacked manager Russell Slade.
Former South Yorkshire Police helicopter pilot Paul Pogmore has been cleared of misconduct.
Sinn Féin has said it is "very keen" to see evidence from the Law Society in connection with the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
The body of Spanish aid worker Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed in the London terror attack, is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday.
England's Paul Casey carded a final round of nine-under-par 66 to drop out of the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale.
Filmmaker Sarah Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a new visitor centre at the Humber Bridge have been unveiled by the authority responsible for the bridge.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win over Torquay.
Labour is to allow grandparents to share in 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave if they win power in May.
Australian rower Sarah Tait has died at the age of 31 after a short illness.
William Shakespeare's play Richard III will not be performed in Leicester Cathedral, despite a campaign by a group of anti-racism campaigners.
A new head of public services in Wales has been appointed.
A Belfast-based aerospace firm has announced it has gone into liquidation.
New Zealand thrashed France to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time in their history.
The Peruvian space agency has launched the world's largest satellite, PerúSAT-1.
Turkey's prime minister has said it is "very right and very timely" to hold a meeting with Nato to discuss the situation in Syria.
West Ham United's owners have been ordered to reveal details of their tenancy agreement at the Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Alistair Payne has been suspended from racing for two months after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Champions League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests have an economic value of US $2.9 billion.
Derek McInnes admitted Aberdeen "run out of legs" after their Scottish Cup final defeat by Aberdeen.
More than 724 employers in London have signed up to the voluntary living wage, the mayor's office has announced.
Pamela Geller is one of the most prominent anti-Islam activists in the US.
Former McLaren driver Christian Wurz has been appointed as the new boss of Manor Marussia.
The richest 20% of Latin American people earn more than the poorest 20%, according to a new UN survey.
South Korea's An So-yeon won the PGA Championship at Royal Birkdale by two shots.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League as they were held to a draw by Fola Esch in the first leg of their qualifying round.
Conor McGregor has announced he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) 200 card.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to retire from the race.
A door painted with the portrait of a former Whitbread owner is to be restored in Cheltenham.
Boris Johnson has been the subject of a lot of sniping and criticism since becoming foreign secretary.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general to be the next director of the FBI.
A pair of Victorian beach huts are to be given £1m to help preserve the country's seaside heritage.
Russia says it has destroyed 16 memory chips from a Russian fighter jet that was shot down by Turkey in November.
Michael Dunlop has set the pace in the first practice session of the Isle of Man Grand Prix, which starts on Friday.
Australia's attorney general has said that an offer of a job to resign as president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC) may constitute "corrupt and unlawful conduct".
A Gwynedd hospital is to become the first in the UK to offer transfusion surgery on identical twin babies.
Olympic gold medallist Laura King says she is considering a move to the road after being left out of British Cycling's plans for the Rio Games.
In the wake of the murder of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch, the country has been mourning her death.
The Institute for National Remembrance (INR) has created a database of Nazi death camps in Poland, including the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp.
Olympic judo silver medallist and former world champion Michael O'Groats has come out of retirement to become a mixed martial arts champion.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to "fight every match" after their 2-1 defeat by Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Sheffield.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a missing woman who went missing from Swindon nightclub Suju.
The health minister has announced an extra £1m in funding to help tackle the number of children needing autism assessments.
A World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru AMs have agreed to resume talks on Monday.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has said the country is facing the worst threat from the Cold War.
A new species of shrimp has been named after Pink Floyd.
Scientists have developed a glue that is three times stronger than any other medical adhesive.
A GP-run NHS 111 service in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire has been told it faces a "severe workforce crisis" after a leaked report.
Two British girls who were killed in a boat accident in Indonesia have been found safe, their mother has said.
A website has been set up to sell a derelict former hospital site in Denbighshire.
When McLaren were asked to describe their performance in the final practice session before the Spanish Grand Prix, the team's co-team boss Ron Dennis said: "It's been a rollercoaster ride."
Two women have been left "shocked and upset" after their purses were stolen from a military base in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes have been booked to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
The crew of a City Cruises boat that was involved in a collision with a tug could not have been prevented, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Antrim have renewed their appeal for information.
A man who admitted raping a woman in a Swansea dock has pleaded guilty to sexual assault.
Tom Ford's film adaptation of Die schÃ¶nen Tage von Aranjuez will compete for the top prize at this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Ugandan opposition leader Peter Besigye has said he is "baring bloodied fangs and claws" after taking on President Yoweri Museveni in the presidential election.
Tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a crash on a motorway.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the World Cup were dealt a blow as they were beaten by South Africa at St James' Park.
Spain's banks have been told they will need 59.3bn euros (Â£57bn) of additional capital to help them recover from the financial crisis.
"I'm not a tri-citizen," says Johanna Konta.
Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in London and Sheffield due to a dispute over money.
A Spanish man has been questioned by police investigating the shooting death of jewellery dealer Clive Palmer in Essex.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in north London.
In the wake of the attack on a mosque in London by a white man, there has been a lot of reaction on social media to the attack.
A witness at the Hillsborough inquests has told how he was pushed towards the goal in a crush at the stadium.
A look back at some of the best entertainment stories of the past week.
Leyton Orient midfielder Paul Cox says he will have to sit out for four months before he can return to the League One club.
Chelsea defender David Luiz will leave the club at the end of the season to join Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
The government gave Kids Company millions of pounds in government grants for at least 15 years, a report has found.
The family of a British man who went missing in Monaco have said they are "devastated" by the discovery of his body in Monaco.
Nico Rosberg says he is determined to extend Lewis Hamilton's lead in the Formula 1 title race at the Spanish Grand Prix.
The father of a missing Alabama boy has been charged with child abduction and tampering with records, US media report.
The size of Wales' forest estate should be reduced to make it "work for public benefit", the environment minister has said.
The amount of new TV drama being shown on the main TV channels in the UK has fallen, according to a Ofcom review.
Scottish Police's chief constable David Matheson has said he will not comment on the investigation into the death of James Bayoh.
The Olympic Torch Relay will take place in three parts of the UK over the next three months.
The founder of Wikileaks has said that he will publish further details of the CIA's cyber-weapons programme.
Ulsan is one of the most famous shipyards in the world.
A woman died in a house fire in Carmarthenshire after carbon monoxide gas was too high, an inquest has heard.
British Cycling's chief executive has been telling Newsround how to get involved in cycling.
The UK's drug testing system is designed to assess the safety and efficacy of new medicines before they are given to people.
Thousands of soldiers in the UK's armed forces are to lose their jobs as part of further cuts to the force.
A project which aims to raise awareness of the benefits of having a learning disability has been launched in the UK.
Nani scored the only goal of the game as the United States came from behind to beat Portugal and reach the last 16 of the World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying within the organisation.
Stem cells that spew out cancer-killing toxins have been developed by scientists in the US.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving in Leeds.
A pogo player has broken the world record for the longest time on a pogo stick.
Plans for a railway stop in Reading have been given the go-ahead by the council.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire for two decades.
Kirsty Mead is targeting a first senior England call-up.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender rights activist.
Worcester Warriors prop Ben Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A cat has died in a suspected poisoning in Gwynedd, the RSPCA has said.
The DR Congo have confirmed the signing of England striker Christian Afobe on a two-year deal.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on polling day to allow viewers to vote in the general election.
A film about the 1984 miners' strike in Neath Port Talbot has opened in the West End.
At least 17 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build more than 1,000 luxury hotels and resorts in the Red Sea, as part of a multi-billion dollar tourism project.
A Citroën dealership has been destroyed in a fire.
Bristol Rovers and Fleetwood Town played out a goalless draw in the National League.
A UN committee has called for Northern Ireland's education system to be fully integrated.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by careless driving.
The cover of The Beatles' first album sleeve has been valued at more than twice its estimated price, according to a rare record price guide.
Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A shallow earthquake has struck north-eastern Italy, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
Hotels in Northern Ireland are set to spend a billion pounds over the next decade, according to the industry's trade body.
Two people have been charged with the manslaughter of a three-year-old boy who was found dead in a lagoon.
Disney has long been a big fan of story-telling technology.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Manchester City striker Yaya Toure on a season-long loan deal.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has fetched more than £100,000 at an auction in Germany.
A coalition of West Ham United supporters has said it is "not dead in the water" after the government rejected a request for a public inquiry into the club's rental deal.
The first minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week to discuss the political situation in Northern Ireland.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter praised his side's "physical" performance against France in their final warm-up match before the World Cup.
A harbour porpoise has been attacked by a bottlenose dolphin on the doorstep of Aberdeen Harbour.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will wipe out almost 82% of the workforce in the next five years unless they change their attitudes.
A Grade II-listed hall in Manchester has been destroyed in a fire.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Tyrone.
Ukraine's national energy company has said it suffered a power cut in the capital, Kiev, that left more than 1,000 people without electricity.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace.
Fox News has appointed Matt Abernethy and Bill Shine as its new chief executives, following the departure of Roger Ailes.
A court in the Indian capital, Delhi, has ordered the trial of an Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 to be held in Italy.
Tributes have been paid to boxing legend Muhammad Ali who has died at the age of 74.
As the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of corruption and misconduct against senior officers and staff, BBC News takes a look at the force's "ghost squad".
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to give the go-ahead for a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
Former Minister of Resources David Parkinson has been re-elected to the St Peter Port North district of the Isle of Man.
Canada has become the first country in the world to resume importing beef from the EU, amid concerns over the spread of BSE.
The closure of Brecon Barracks is "utterly abhorrent", an MP has said.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has imposed a ban on social media.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital after suffering a stroke.
A scheme to help black and ethnic minority women in Scotland get into work has been awarded £1m by the Scottish government.
The authorities in Brazil's Amazon region of Amazonas say they have recaptured more than 100 inmates who escaped from two prisons on Saturday.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Shane Williams has left Ospreys to join a Japanese club.
(Close): Mining shares in Rio Tinto and Randgold were among the biggest fallers on Wall Street on Thursday.
A ticket from North Ayrshire has won a £24.7m Euromillions jackpot.
A man has been arrested in China's Xinjiang region on suspicion of involvement in a car bomb attack in Urumqi, state media report.
The discovery of a three-year-old boy's body in a river in Aberdeenshire is front page news in Scotland.
Maxine Peake and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in a new BBC One adaptation of Hamlet.
A girl on the autism spectrum has written a letter to the prime minister saying she wants to stop Big Ben chiming.
A man's body has been found in a green area, police have said.
A report into the death of a prisoner in a prison in County Londonderry has found that there was no possibility of an alternative outcome for him.
Human remains have been found at a cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's highest court has dropped an appeal against a ban on wearing the niqab when swearing an oath to become a citizen.
A Japanese island has seen a big increase in the number of visitors to the island.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in France.
The leader of the Labour Party is to promise to increase the allowance paid to carers for at least 35 hours a week.
Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 57-year-old pedestrian was injured in a hit-and-run crash.
Pressure is mounting on the European Union following the UK's vote to leave the bloc.
Newport Gwent Dragons secured their first bonus-point win of the season as they beat Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French court has sentenced a woman to life in prison for murdering her two children and burying them in a garden.
Clermont Auvergne secured their place in the European Champions Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Sale.
The Scottish secretary has said the Scottish government remains committed to the Named Person service.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have appealed for information.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app has said he is "taking this very seriously" after discovering a flaw in the app.
It is easy to forget that Scotland is a country of music.
A scheme to encourage people to give voluntarily to local businesses in Snowdonia has raised more than Â£3,000 in its first month.
US President Donald Trump's former national security adviser has denied that she or his predecessor Barack Obama used intelligence to try to influence the election.
Former MP Barnaby Joyce has been found guilty of head-butting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard hit centuries as West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to reach the final of the Women's World Twenty20.
Ivory Coast manager Gareth Southgate says he is "hopeful" Wilfried Zaha's switch to England will be approved by Fifa.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to work with Kezia Dugdale despite her support for the SNP.
Mark McManus scored twice as Morton beat Alloa Athletic to move into the Scottish League Two play-off places.
The milk price in the UK is set to be lowered for the first time in more than a decade.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned after a row over the club's relegation from the National League.
At least two people have been killed in clashes at a Maruti Suzuki plant in the northern Indian state of Haryana, officials say.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens says the Six Nations should consider relegation in the future.
A man has been arrested in connection with two armed robberies in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has played the flute at a symphony in Germany as part of the Royal Christmas party.
Sierra Leone has imposed a curfew on the capital, Freetown, in the wake of the deadly Ebola outbreak.
Britain's Alex Walz won gold in the men's 4x100m freestyle canoe relay at the Rio Olympics.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main power line between Inverness and Culloden in Aberdeenshire.
A Labour MP has stepped down as a parliamentary private secretary after posting a picture of Israel on Facebook.
A Pole has been found guilty of plotting to bomb the Polish parliament in the capital, Krakow, in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea's nuclear reactor is working again.
A koala named Bear Grylls has escaped head-first in a car grill in Australia.
Leeds United have signed striker Tom Antonsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed former Falkirk defender Ryan Leahy on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced.
The German intelligence agency, the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), has accused a man of making Islamist statements on the Internet.
Elections in Hong Kong are being held on Sunday, four years after the pro-democracy Umbrella Movement took to the streets.
Manchester United moved to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Manchester United.
French comedian Charlie Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred over comments he made about the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for a typographical error in its press release announcing a requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at Rabat Zoo in South Africa.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
The introduction of 15 new Brexit-related bills before the UK leaves the EU will leave "very little parliamentary time", the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) says.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says he would dive if he saw Raheem Sterling's challenge for a goal in the 1-1 draw with Tottenham.
Labour's future in Wales could be at least as bad as under Michael Foot's leadership, according to former Lib Dem leader Ken Howells.
Sale Sharks winger Keshi Solomona is the best winger in the world, according to the club's director of rugby Terence Monye.
A report into Police Scotland's call-handling processes has criticised the force's approach to the roll-out of its new national call handling system.
Hairdresser Herbert Howe has died at the age of 91.
A volcano in the Central American country of Costa Rica has erupted, spewing ash and steam into the sky.
Exeter City boss Paul Tisdale has not ruled out the possibility of a return to the club next season.
A dog restaurant in London has become the first in the UK to serve puppy platters.
More than £20m is to be invested in general practice over the next year, the Scottish government has announced.
Hilary Mantel's novel Someone Else's Skin has been named crime novel of the year at a crime writing festival.
A couple who were taken from a hospital after their baby collapsed have said they were treated "like monsters" by the authorities.
An Australian woman who fled to Israel to face child sex abuse charges has been cleared of all charges.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after being rescued from a mountain in County Down.
Supermarket chains such as Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Marks and Spencer are selling plus-size school uniforms for less than??5 each.
So what did the National Audit Office learn about the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies?
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW Championship in Munich.
The Cassini probe has made its final close-in approach to Saturn.
Hillary Clinton's speech to the Republican National Convention on Thursday was supposed to be a sharp rebuke of Donald Trump.
Mattel, the maker of Barbie dolls, has been rumoured to be in talks with toy giant Hasbro.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why octopuses are so popular in Tanzania.
Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire are to be considered by councillors in Northallerton on Friday.
Venezuela's military says it has arrested three suspected rebels over an attack on a barracks in August.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Featherstone reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
The coroner at the inquest into the deaths of six men who were shot dead during the Troubles has said he is "disappointed" by the lack of a coroner in Northern Ireland.
Children and young people in Birmingham are not getting the help and support they need quickly enough, the city council has said.
Five MPs have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the government's net migration target.
Lord Coe has been urged to take charge of the IAAF after a damning report concluded it was a "failed organisation".
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues has been moved from a police custody block in Devon because of a lack of beds.
Thai police have cancelled a report by Human Rights Watch (HRW) on the persecution of Christians in Vietnam.
An 18th Century mansion in the Vale of Glamorgan has been restored to its former glory.
Scientists have released the first 'close shave' of a large asteroid.
A Texas man has pleaded not guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Jockey George Gwynne has been discharged from hospital after suffering a brain injury in a race in Switzerland on Saturday.
As the new assembly members prepare to be sworn in, BBC Wales takes a look at some of the new faces in the House of Commons.
It's been a strange week for North Korea.
A man who died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire has been named by police.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a collapsed building in New York City after a cable fell from a crane.
A police officer has been fired in the US state of Texas after a teenager was shot dead by a fellow officer.
Teenage star Kylie Minogue has been awarded an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge United came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town 3-1 in League Two.
The former head of Irish language programmes, Dáil Ó Murchú, has died.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she wants to improve the quality of Northern Ireland's food.
Engineers from the Government Communications Centre have stepped in to recreate a key part of Hitler's codebreaking machine.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could return to the club in the future if he is fit.
The editor-in-chief of Turkey's main opposition newspaper, Cumhuriyet, and several other staff have been arrested in connection with the failed coup, state media say.
England's Ryan Fitzpatrick shot a five-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been tied up and robbed at knifepoint at a house in west Belfast.
At least 30 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in the city of Christchurch, New Zealand's prime minister has said.
The world's first pure silicon wafer has been produced.
St Johnstone midfielder Kyle Stephens says he is confident his side can bounce back from their Christmas defeat.
A cat who has been stealing toys and toy food from neighbours has been reunited with his owners.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford beat Castleford to move up to second in Super League.
Plans for a major expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Wiltshire have been approved.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Cape Verde Islands came from behind to beat Portugal and reach the group stage of the Africa Cup of Nations.
The bill to give the government new powers to investigate terrorism is due to be debated in the House of Commons later.
In the middle of the desert between California and San Diego, a wall is built.
Glasgow Warriors secured their first away win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Leinster in the Pro12.
Nepal has been gripped by a series of devastating floods since last year's earthquake.
A charity has called on internet service providers to "up its game" after a report found that some of their broadband adverts were misleading.
Birmingham City reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Chelsea.
Scientists in the UK have developed a new treatment for pig infections that they say could be "completely transformative" for human health.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka.
Britain's Andy Murray will face world number one Novak Djokovic in Sunday's French Open final in Paris.
Plymouth Argyle have signed former England striker Lee Goodwillie for an undisclosed fee.
A 12-year-old girl from Northern Ireland has become the youngest ever chess master in the US.
American Katie Ledecky won her second Olympic gold medal of the season with victory in the women's 400m freestyle.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who has been missing for more than a month.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he has a "moral opposition" to nuclear weapons as he continues to campaign in Scotland.
Sudan have been disqualified from qualifying for the second round of the Africa Cup of Nations because five of their players are not born in 1997.
Jean-Louis Akinde scored twice as Barnet eased to victory at Mansfield.
The creator of the US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield is based in the US.
Belfast International Airport's chief executive has told Enda Kenny that the Republic of Ireland should be used as the gateway to Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life.
Spain's new left-of-centre mayors have announced a radical change in their approach to politics.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found unconscious in a controlled area of Leeds.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% in the three months to December 2014, according to official figures.
A police officer has been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was beaten to death by her killer.
A shortage of prison officers "may be only a matter of time" before a Spice-related death is confirmed, a report has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has called on political forces to "play politics" with the plight of the kidnapped schoolgirls.
A man accused of murdering his landlord with a hammer has told a court he was "angry" about his break-up.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll should be included in his squad for Euro 2016.
A Pembrokeshire town's swimming pool has been saved from closure.
Iraqi Kurdish forces have recaptured the town of Qaraqosh from Islamic State militants, officials say, as tens of thousands of people flee the country.
The partner of one of the victims of the Rotherham Power Station collapse has said there is still a chance he could still be alive.
The Hippodrome in South Georgia is to be turned into an arts centre.
Bob the Builder is to return to BBC One's children's show The Great British Bake Off.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil for a man shot dead by police on a motorway in West Yorkshire.
Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell midfielder Ryan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore for the funerals of those killed in a series of sectarian attacks on churches.
Yorkshire beat Durham by nine wickets to win the County Championship.
A new map shows just how much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has denied claims it has been threatened by a reporter working on a story about a culture secretary's daughter's expenses.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from behind to beat West Brom and move up to second in the Premier League.
Glamorgan chief executive Mark Morris says it was "very proud" to have three full houses for the T20 Blast in Cardiff.
Former world champion Mark Fordham says he would love to play at Lakeside again.
India's central bank has cut its key interest rate by 0.5%.
James McClean and Darren Randolph have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for their friendly against Mexico in June.
Islamic State (IS) militants have claimed they fired a missile at a naval vessel off the coast of Egypt's Sinai peninsula.
Sir Philip Green has been appointed as the government's chief procurement officer.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Toulon Tournament for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over Mexico.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott on a two-year deal, subject to international clearance.
Northern Ireland's Liam McComb has reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship in Russia with a unanimous decision win over Russia's Vladimir Kharkiv.
It is easy to forget that community pharmacies are the third largest health profession in the UK.
At least nine children have been injured after a slide came loose at a carnival in Dorset.
A 78-year-old woman who tried to kill herself last year because she was "too old to regain" her "sparkle", the Court of Protection has ruled.
A British woman has been chosen to become the first hedgehog officer in the UK.
Four British soldiers died when their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
More than 300 people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia's Oromia region, officials say.
Lancashire were beaten by Cornwall in the final of the Bill Beaumont Cup at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in front of members of the public has been jailed for life.
South Africa's government has said it will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) in the next few months.
A cyclist died after being hit by a pothole in Newport, an inquest has heard.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as Newcastle United manager by Rafael Benitez.
HSBC has said up to 2,000 jobs could be lost in London if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Pro-life campaigners have been reacting to the High Court's decision to grant the right to abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
A man has been seriously injured after being attacked by an elephant at a circus in the German state of Heidelberg.
Russia's justice ministry has designated a rights group as a foreign agent, following a complaint by a pro-Maidan movement.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think the assembly could be won if the EU referendum was re-run.
On Thursday morning, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of Barcelona to observe a minute's silence.
Singer Mabel has topped the BBC's Sound Of 2016 list for the first time.
A man has been arrested after a chameleon was found in a suitcase at Heathrow Airport.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a lorry driver in Berlin by Anis Amri.
A priest who told children "Father Christmas" was not real has been told she will not be taking children to church.
A man has died in a house fire in west Belfast.
Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her role in the film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police officers have been jailed for using the force's computer system to spread false information about a police officer being investigated for attempted murder.
A five-year-old boy from North Lanarkshire has called Celtic Park to apologise for missing his birthday party.
Celtic reached the Scottish Cup quarter-finals with a dramatic penalty shootout win over Rangers.
The M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads, according to a new report.
Pro-Russia activists have taken over government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk, in a move condemned by the US.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a TV adaptation of Shakespeare's A Life Backwards.
Belgium's king has been criticised for his Christmas message, in which he warned against the dangers of populism.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the England squad for the one-day series against Pakistan in Dubai in March.
The organisers of the Londonderry Fleadh have said they will bid again to host the festival in 2017.
A County Londonderry woodland is being transformed into a "living tribute" to the victims of World War One.
A "University of Nottingham" sign has been spotted on a busy railway line in Nottingham.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is investigating the case of Ethiopian runner Feyisa, who has been protesting against the government at the Rio Games.
The Department of Transport (DRD) ordered a crash barrier to be removed at the spot where teenager Enda Dolan was knocked down by a van, documents obtained by the BBC show.
At least 11 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in Kunming, China's state news agency Xinhua says.
Energy firm EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, this time for gas and electricity.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Jo Cox looks at why so many people are so desperate to get their messages out about the EU referendum.
Mae fydd wedi i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghymru.
A custody sergeant who killed a man in a custody centre did not use excessive force, a court has heard.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in the price of oil.
Police are investigating the theft of eight puppies from a house in West Lothian.
Firefighters have said they are investigating reports of "hate crime" on bonfires in Northern Ireland.
Celta Vigo have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Juan Cuadrado on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies are "getting away with simply not providing a service in exchange for the fee", a Cardiff AM has said.
The Metropolitan Police's handling of allegations of historical child abuse in England and Wales has been described as "credible and true".
Plans for a new spaceport in Kintyre are to be unveiled later.
George is one of the UK's most famous gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife from the SNP.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Robert Opie looks at how the way we buy and dispose of our products is changing.
A County Antrim knitwear firm has said it has seen a "surge" in orders from home and abroad for its private label range.
A replica of a cave in France has been unveiled to the public for the first time.
Manchester City goalkeeper Ellie Stoney has been called up to the England squad for the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
A former ambulance worker has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl while he was driving.
Tyson Fury retained his British and Commonwealth light-welterweight titles with a unanimous points victory over Chisora in London.
Hull KR head coach Neil Peacock says Albert Kelly's future is "up in the air" after the forward was suspended for two matches.
The Conservative Party has said it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of the events surrounding the death of a Tory activist.
Chinese internet giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
The financial state of the NHS in England is to be published after the general election, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
Brentford defender Tom Jones has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
When Newsbeat asked Madonna why she's not being played on Radio 1 this week, she didn't say it was about her career.
Canada Post, the country's largest postal service, has announced plans to cut the cost of postage stamps by more than a third.
US President Barack Obama has said Kenya needs to do more to tackle corruption, as he arrived in the country for a two-day visit.
In the mountains of south-eastern France, thousands of sheep are being hunted by wolves.
James Corden is to host three episodes of The Late Late Show in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the EU referendum and the migrant crisis.
Barclays has sacked its chief executive Antony Jenkins after falling out with the board over the size of the bank.
Eight celebrities have been identified by US authorities in connection with the iCloud data leak scandal, according to court papers.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Jordan's education minister has warned that the international community will pay a "high price" if it does not do more to help the country cope with the influx of Syrian refugees.
Millionaire Vijay Mallya, the former owner of India's biggest spirits firm, has been put up for sale.
The University of Aberdeen is to carry out a study into whether e-cigarettes are better for blood vessels than traditional cigarettes.
A Gloucestershire school is to close at the end of December, the Department for Education has confirmed.
The Duke of Cambridge has snapped his fingers out of the palm of his hand to raise awareness of mental health issues.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school head teacher has been jailed for seven years for sexually abusing pupils in his classroom.
The deaths of two whales off the Suffolk coast are "a series of coincidental events", experts have said.
A man who admitted killing his ex-girlfriend has had his jail term increased.
Captain Virat Kohli scored a century as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the World Cup for the first time.
Jonathan Demme has been nominated for an Oscar for his work with Talking Heads.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has rejected the nomination of Lutalo Muhammad for the 2012 Games in London.
The Metropolitan Police has closed a reinvestigation into the death of a former informant who was found badly burned under a bridge in north London.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his partner in a row over an ice cream.
A 16-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has approved plans to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) in Caithness.
Leeds Rhinos secured their place in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a hard-fought win over St Helens.
Kenya's president has said the judiciary will not be used to interfere with the functioning of the executive and other arms of government.
A major storm has hit the Indian city of Mumbai.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent him a friendly text saying "hi, how are you?".
Castleford Tigers lifted themselves off the bottom of the Super League table with a convincing victory over Wakefield Trinity.
George Brand has been accused of hypocrisy by the Sun newspaper.
Paul Murray, who was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April 1975, was a keen football fan.
The number of people killed in a bomb attack on a youth camp in the centre of the Norwegian capital, Oslo, has risen to 10.
A man has denied murdering a woman whose remains were found in the Republic of Ireland more than five years ago.
Bromley kept their National League play-off hopes alive with a 2-1 win at North Ferriby.
Sussex have re-signed former England batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to strong winds.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 0.5% in the fourth quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Teenagers are better at remembering the details of their experiences than adults, a study suggests.
A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist in a remote part of the US state of Montana, officials say.
Police in London are to set up a special unit to monitor anti-social behaviour on the Night Tube, amid fears it will create a "rowdy environment" on the network.
A former NHS nurse has been jailed for five years for downloading hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children.
Ireland have qualified for the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 after beating Zimbabwe in the group stage.
Plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle have been rejected by the district council.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman has been accused of being "over the top" by Republic of Ireland boss Roy Keane.
A man and a woman have gone on trial accused of murdering a Cardiff woman.
Lufthansa has announced plans to charge customers for booking on its own travel price comparison sites.
Carrick Rangers have been cleared of breaching the Irish Football Association's disciplinary rules.
Scientists have discovered a way to predict how long a bird will live.
The Mexican government has introduced tougher sentences for kidnappings committed by public security officials.
A woman who died after a nerve stimulator operation was removed too soon, an inquest has heard.
A court in Nigeria's north-eastern city of Bauchi has sentenced four men to death for homosexual offences.
Russia's anti-doping chief Vitaly Mutko has announced his retirement from international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor in the capital, Kampala.
The governor of Indiana has said he would veto a controversial religious freedom law.
Shakin' Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales.
Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man has said there is "no legal grounds" for Fifa to cancel the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
A man who was extradited from Albania to the UK has been found guilty of murdering his wife.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision to wear poppies on their armbands on Armistice Day.
A collection of diving helmets has sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries, police have said.
Championship side Manchester City have signed Preston North End striker Ryan Brownhill on a two-year deal.
NHS bosses in North Yorkshire and Humber have warned that some GP practices could be allowed to fail.
Former Liverpool manager Bill Shankly has been described as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
Human trafficking is a serious and organised crime.
The Underground Tunnels have been opened to the public for the first time since World War Two.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has said he wants to "win something" for the club.
Aluko has sued England manager Mark Sampson over claims she was subjected to "bullying and harassment" by the national team.
The number of self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales has reached its highest level in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to announce his squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
Three people have been arrested after a gun was fired at a house in Cardiff.
Northampton Saints scrum-half Tom Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if he is to secure a place in England's Six Nations squad next month.
World number one Ding Junhui stormed into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6-1 victory over world number one Mark Duffy.
A free school breakfast scheme for children in Blackpool is set to be extended.
The longest-serving head teacher in the country is to retire at the end of the year.
National League side Moors have signed Rushall on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Denbighshire forest is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
When I was a child in Orkney in the 1970s, I would often go out with the big boys on New Year's Eve.
The Hong Kong government has unveiled a plan to allow passengers to cross the border between Hong Kong and China.
Australia is to send 30 more troops to Afghanistan to help train Afghan security forces, the government has announced.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Head teachers in England have said they are "deeply concerned" about the number of unqualified teachers being used in schools.
Royal Mail is considering industrial action over proposed changes to its pension scheme, the Communications Workers Union (CWU) has said.
Jersey Reds centre Ben Stevens says the club are "on the right road" to reaching the Championship play-offs.
The US Navy's first-ever tailless, jet-powered unmanned aircraft has taken to the skies.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of smartphones and tablets, has announced plans to cut 4,500 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Two people have been rescued from a fire in a lounge in Birmingham.
China has executed six men in Xinjiang, the country's second-largest province, state media report.
A community centre that was closed after a council decided to close it has reopened to the public.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
When it comes to compensating for mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI), it can be a bit of a "lottery".
Have you ever wondered what happens when you pee?
Facebook has released a map of the world's population, which it says is the most detailed it has ever produced.
Warrington Wolves moved into the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Widnes Vikings.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a naked rider.
Kai, a 10-year-old boy from South Sudan, has been living in a refugee camp in the north-east of the country.
A police car has been damaged in a brick attack in Londonderry.
Emma Stone has been speaking to the BBC about her experiences as a woman.
There are too many passengers that do not get the level of reliability they have a right to expect, according to a new report.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a 1-0 win over Morocco.
Three police officers have been cleared of misconduct over comments they made about MP Keith Mitchell in 2012.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Birmingham may have been stabbed to death, police have said.
A group of bearded men from around the world are taking part in a contest to find the UK's oldest moustache club.
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals suspected of illegally mining copper in the country, state media report.
Two Kilcoo players have been suspended by the Gaelic Athletic Association for alleged racism.
Nick Kyrgios "doesn't understand what it takes to be a top player" and needs to improve his mental game, says John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he was honoured by Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto's invitation to visit the country.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man has died after being hit by a car in a "targeted attack" in Rhyl.
Huddersfield Giants have signed former Leeds Rhinos players Matt Bailey, Ben Cox and Chris Dodds.
Police have launched an investigation after a car crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre.
Sunderland have signed Sunderland striker Giaccherini on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the remains of a large medieval castle.
The Sun has apologised to former editor John MacKenzie after he referred to a Liverpool footballer as a "gorilla" in a newspaper article.
Torquay United have been bought by property developer GI Group for an undisclosed sum.
Police in England and Wales are least likely to identify vulnerable people in custody without an appropriate adult scheme, a report has found.
The full list of British and Irish Lions players for the 2013 season has been released.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored late goals as Manchester United came from behind to beat Leicester at Old Trafford.
The government is to consider making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence, the Daily Telegraph has reported.
The UK will continue to enjoy the same rights as EU citizens after Brexit, the prime minister has said.
The leader of a cell of suspected members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has told a court in Madrid that plans for a series of attacks were scaled back after a house explosion in Barcelona on Thursday.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow in Wrexham has told a court he was "frightened" by the attack.
A man who absconded from a prison has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Rory McIlroy says he is "definitely fine" to play at the US PGA Championship in Wisconsin on Thursday despite missing the rest of the season.
David Lammy has said he is considering entering the race to be Labour's next leader.
The chief executive of the South Devon NHS Trust has admitted defrauding the NHS out of more than £11,000.
Google has launched a new service that allows it to measure the impact of adverts across devices and cross-channel.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a woman was sexually assaulted in Edinburgh.
The population of the UK increased by 491,100 in 2013, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away for the first time in five years in the FA Cup second qualifying round.
Value for money for the taxpayer has not been secured on the Garden Bridge project in London, a parliamentary review has found.
A major road in Buckinghamshire has been closed for several hours after a burst water main.
The News Letter's front page is dedicated to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
A dentist who was arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife has said the last few days have been the worst of his life.
A police officer has been charged with the murder of a teenager in the US state of Texas, prosecutors say.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about terrorism has gone viral on social media.
Simon Pitcher has set his sights on breaking the world record for the fastest solo rowing across the Atlantic.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal drew 1-1 with Sweden in the first leg of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Five British men arrested in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The Afghan government says it has recaptured control of a key district in Helmand province from the Taliban.
It has been more than 50 years since the first British PoW were allowed out to play football in World War Two.
If you're a fan of Glastonbury, you've probably heard of Galway Girl.
More than 150 people have been rescued from a fire at a hotel in north London.
Ghana and Ivory Coast have been told to halt oil drilling in the disputed area of the Black Sea.
More than 100 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while on the M4, M40 and M3 in the last year, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans has been cleared of raping a woman in a hotel room.
Full-back Stuart Hogg's exit from the British and Irish Lions tour was a huge blow.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that beavers have been found in the Highlands.
Two men have been found on the roof of a prison cell in Bridgend.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the club after only eight games in charge.
A former chief executive of a children's services company was "a very unpleasant woman", a BBC investigation has found.
More than 1,000 solar panels are to be installed on homes in Kirklees in a bid to reduce fuel poverty.
Andy Murray says he is frustrated by the lack of young British players competing in Grand Slams.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" for the club this season, according to assistant manager Keith Richards.
British long jumper Adam Rutherford has apologised after failing to qualify for the final round of qualifying for the World Championships in London.
The Hillsborough disaster "reverss in the starkest way possible" the verdict of accidental death, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The RSPCA has appealed for information after a pony was found dead in a remote part of Hampshire.
Children who have made it into Europe unaccompanied from Syria will be eligible for resettlement in the UK, the government has announced.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said the BBC is biased against beards.
The Who have topped the UK album chart with their new album, Alternative Light Source.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of social and political reforms aimed at reviving the country's economy.
The six teams competing for the hosting rights for the 2016 Women's Super League have been announced.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than a third in the past three years.
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors after two boats capsized off the Libyan coast.
A ceasefire in Syria has been in place for more than a month.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised ex-footballer Andy Woodward for his bravery after he revealed he was sexually abused as a child.
Plans for major redevelopment of Dundee's waterfront have been approved by the city council.
Former Ulster captain Michael Clarke has been appointed as the new head coach of the Pro12 side.
Leeds Rhinos hooker George Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Bubba Watson has been named as the new captain of the United States in the Ryder Cup, says Davis Love III.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "pray and hope" that Mercedes will not impose team orders on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg following their crash.
DNA samples from 10 soldiers believed to have died in World War One have been identified by a genealogist.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored as Ukraine beat Slovenia to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals were dashed by a 26-17 defeat by Exeter, says head coach Jonathan Rees.
The final phase of the M8 motorway improvements project has been completed.
Match of the Day kicks off this week on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
Serena Williams has said she does not deserve to be paid less because of her sex.
Too many children and young people are not getting the support they need to cope with mental health issues, says a report.
An Israeli man suspected of carrying out a series of attacks in Tel Aviv has been shot dead, police say.
A man who stabbed a man in the head while on bail has been jailed for six years.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her ex-boyfriend has been released on bail after posting a record amount of money.
The number of nursery staff leaving their jobs in England has fallen by more than 30% in the past year, new figures show.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the US economy is "near the statutory goals of maximum employment and price stability".
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power reported a loss for the final three months of 2016.
When I first met Sophia, I had no idea what she was up to.
A teenager from Swansea has become the first black woman to win a Black History Month award.
A 16-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Joe Root has been named as England's new Test captain, replacing Alastair Cook.
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting to demand an inquiry into a police training exercise in Manchester.
John Boyega has been named as the new Star Wars actor at a theatre in Peckham.
Dundee maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a comfortable win over Ross County.
MPs have criticised the government for failing to do enough to help women born in the 1950s who have lost out on state pensions.
A Ceredigion university is to receive £1.5m in lottery funding to help fund a major redevelopment of the building.
Institute Football Club's ground in Drumahoe, County Londonderry, has been damaged by flooding on Tuesday night.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Amanda Fletcher as their new chief executive.
Germany has tightened its border controls to cope with the influx of refugees.
Scientists are using deep-sea drilling to reconstruct the history of the Indian monsoon.
Kenyan medical staff have gone on strike in the capital, Nairobi, in a dispute over pay and conditions.
The bodies of three US marines have been recovered from the sea off the coast of Australia, the US military has said.
An escaped corn snake has been rescued from a park in Londonderry by the SSPCA.
The first of eight Type 26 anti-submarine frigates is to be built next summer, the defence secretary has said.
Afghan security forces have killed four people in an attack on a hospital in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
Soldiers from the Royal Welsh Regiment have marched through Conwy county to mark the centenary of the Battle of Orme.
A group of Indian nurses who were trapped in Iraq for more than a week have been freed by Islamic State militants, the BBC has learned.
Craig Anderson has been charged by the Scottish Football Association for punching Rangers defender Kiernan in the ribs.
Huddersfield Town manager Danny Sweet says the club's promotion to League Two is the "beginning of a resurgence".
Livingston came from behind to draw with Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of a man's face has been unveiled at a Dundee museum.
Chipotle Mexican Grill may have been linked to an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials have said.
The mother of a teenage girl who went missing in Chicago on Sunday has said she fears for her life after watching a livestream of her daughter being sexually assaulted.
When Tsai Ing-wen took office as leader of Taiwan's pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 2008, she was known for her hard-line stance on Taiwan's sovereignty.
Britain's Andy Murray and James Ward are both through to the last 32 of the Nottingham Open.
Chancellor George Osborne should pull the plug on the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, an MP has said.
The RSPCA has reported a fall in the number of animal cruelty cases in Wales.
Formula 1 has returned to the track for the first time in more than a decade.
Armed police have searched a coach on the M6 toll carriageway in Staffordshire.
Four London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against the building of a third runway at Heathrow Airport, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Storm Axel has caused widespread flooding in northern Germany and parts of Sweden, with temperatures reaching -41.7C in some parts of the country.
The bodies of five French Resistance fighters have been interred at the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
A woman has been left in a critical condition after being attacked by a man in her home in East Kilbride.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead after the first round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Proposals to grant posthumous pardons to gay and bisexual men have been approved by the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been banned from teaching.
A popular motoring event in Coventry has been cancelled because of funding cuts.
Police are investigating reports of historical child sex abuse in football, the police watchdog has said.
Phil Taylor reached the PDC World Championship semi-finals for the first time with a 6-6 win over Peter Wright in London.
It is easy to feel like you're last in the line to be considered for a place to change rather than a toilet.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants, his news agency says.
The current system for helping young people move from school to work is "complex and incoherent", the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee says.
Chinese search engines have joined forces with the government to crack down on phishing scams.
Video replays are to be tested in United States football.
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as South Africa for the Under-20 World Cup.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something happening in the news, you might want to think again.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was seriously injured in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week.
Venezuela has deployed 17,000 troops to the border with Colombia to try to stop the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland is one of the world's largest media markets.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open with a 6-4 6-2 defeat by Milos Raonic.
Plans for a new supermarket in Merthyr Tydfil have been given the go-ahead by the town's council.
Wales Under-18 hooker James Botham has signed a new two-year contract with the national side.
Michael Matthews won stage 11 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
If you have been sexually abused by Jimmy Savile, you may want to come forward.
The withdrawal of heavy weapons from eastern Ukraine has begun, with rebels in the Luhansk region saying they are withdrawing tanks and mortars.
Royal Mail has warned that the postal service is not currently under threat, despite a rise in parcel deliveries.
Daniel Radcliffe has said he is "one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Five Russian soldiers have been awarded the Order of Courage for their bravery in fighting in Syria, the Kremlin has said.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to be "full-strength" when they face New Zealand in Dublin on Saturday.
The director general of the Philippine police, Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated over allegations of sexual abuse, Attorney General Jose Ordonez has said.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and go top of the table.
British number one Johanna Konta has been suspended from the Romanian Open after being sent off for "serious misconduct".
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the 2017-18 season.
National League side Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of Norwich City midfielder James O'Neill until the end of the season.
At least 20 people have been killed in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A teenage girl has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson after meeting him in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash at the US Grand Prix on Sunday.
A three-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a crash in Ceredigion.
Belfast boxer James Barnes has been stopped in the fifth round by Russian Alexander Slavchev in his professional debut.
Theresa May has said she is "confident" Donald Trump will be able to sign a formal trade deal with the UK.
The UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is a key indicator of the health of the economy.
An online resource has been launched by the education secretary to help schools tackle the attainment gap in Scotland.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over the return of the Parthenon Marbles.
Social security spending has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a think tank.
Albania secured their place in the Euro 2016 play-offs with a comfortable win over Armenia in their opening Group I match.
Councils across Scotland are to review the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Ousmane Ighalo scored twice as Watford beat Newcastle to move off the bottom of the Premier League.
Plans for a £1m redevelopment of Pembrokeshire's seafront have been submitted to the city council.
A prominent Russian opposition politician, Mikhail Kalashnikov, has been found dead at his home in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, officials say.
A former adviser to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has written a scathing account of his time in office.
Wrexham have signed former Plymouth Argyle striker Jack Harvey on a two-year deal.
A new exhibition has opened at Walmer Castle to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of Field Marshal Wellington.
Visiting an aquarium can help people feel more relaxed and happier, a study suggests.
Easyjet is developing drones that can be fitted with high-tech cameras to help deal with technical problems on planes.
The first trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
PepsiCo is to close its factory in East Durham with the loss of 355 jobs.
A new music studio in north-west London has opened.
Russian authorities have visited dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Moscow.
The use of the swine flu vaccine Pandemrix has been linked to narcolepsy in children aged four to 18.
The number of UK universities in the top 200 has risen sharply, according to a new league table.
Two giant Welsh dragons have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle in Wrexham.
A bank manager who embezzled more than Â£4,000 from clients has been given a payback order.
Australia's prime minister has called for a ban on vaccinating children in childcare centres.
Oscar Pérez, a Venezuelan forensic police officer, has been on the run for more than a year.
The SNP has been elected as the party's third largest MP in the UK Parliament.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the fungus that causes ash die-back in the UK.
It's almost time for the final presidential debate.
A San Francisco street that was once owned by the city has been sold at auction for defaulting on a $944 tax debt.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton eased to a 3-0 win over Gateshead in the National League.
Two men have been found dead on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Skiing Federation has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for two matches after being sent off in the Serie A defeat by Juventus.
Smoking is a serious health problem, according to Public Health England.
The Bracknell Forest forensic hospital in north London is to ask its residents for their views on its services.
The minimum price for alcohol in England should be scrapped, peers have said.
Plans for a £100m surfing lagoon in north Wales have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Corey Kluber struck a hat-trick as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-1 to win the World Series for the first time.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was "miserable" as he was forced to pit for a second time at the Spanish Grand Prix.
Supporters of Brighton & Hove Albion have called for the club to be fined after homophobic chanting by Leicester City fans.
Police are investigating reports that a bonfire in Belfast has been set alight on the Eleventh Night of July.
Donald Trump is not going to win the US presidential election.
Mariya Purve-Jorendal was born in India in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who murdered women across Greater Manchester and Yorkshire has been found not mentally ill enough to be moved to a high-security ward.
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education in Powys have been approved by councillors.
Tom DeLonge has confirmed that he has left Blink 182.
A woman has been rescued from a hole in a car tyre at a play park in Northamptonshire.
Manchester United midfielder Marcos Rojo is "playing phenomenally" and should not have been sent off, says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has said she will accept an investigation into her handling of a corruption scandal.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car.
A campaign has been launched to bring back the death penalty in the UK.
A three-year-old boy has died in a farm accident in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for shooting dead his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.
The owners ofunsfold Park in Waverley have lost a High Court battle over the use of the airfield as a bus station.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton has made two changes for Saturday's FA Cup second-round tie against Newcastle United.
US retailer Walmart has agreed to buy Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com for an undisclosed sum.
There will be a rebellion against the Welsh government over plans to devolve tax carrying competence to the assembly, the first minister has said.
UKIP has set out its plans for a dedicated veterans' minister in the wake of the general election.
The cast of Doctor Who have been announced.
The government is to cut subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC understands.
A service to mark the centenary of the deaths of 11 Welsh soldiers in World War One is being held in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Jamie Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the semi-finals of the Olympic badminton event in Rio.
It was a day of mixed emotions for London Underground workers.
Coventry City fans have been warned not to take part in anti-social and illegal protests following their League One defeat by Crawley.
China has pledged to work with the US on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions between the two countries.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has been awarded £500,000 to help fund the reconstruction of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
A Staffordshire air ambulance volunteer who was photographed rescuing victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash has thanked David Beckham for his support.
Environment Minister Michael Durkan has been found guilty of breaching the ministerial code over a controversial planning blueprint.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Spire.
Hartlepool United head coach David Hignett says he has been taken by surprise by the quality of the club's players.
George Cole, who was best known for his role as Arthur Daley in the 1950s horror film Minder, has died aged 91.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, following the Bank of England's decision not to raise interest rates.
About 36,000 firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions, the government has said.
The government has promised to bring fast broadband to every home and business in the UK.
Colombia has launched an investigation into an office set up to monitor the peace process in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed a new director of girls and women's football.
Former Manchester United striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in the club's Europa League squad.
Security guards have been threatened with a box of money after a car was stolen from a bank in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral of a Scottish couple killed in the Tunisia terror attack has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear are expected to fetch up to 10,000 pounds at auction.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson has criticised the referee for allowing Jack Appiah to be sent off in the first half of his side's Europa League defeat by Birkirkara.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders has said he is running out of clean clothes at the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
Mark Wilson said he was "gutted" by the way he missed out on a record-equalling five-wicket win at the German Open.
Shrinking products such as toilet paper, chocolate biscuits and ice creams are among the products most likely to be shrinking, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose bones were found on a towpath in West Yorkshire has been ruled out of the inquiry into her death.
Britain's Chris Froome was overtaken by Jarlinson Pantano on stage 15 of the Tour de France.
The government has confirmed most of its preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line in South Yorkshire.
Chesterfield came from behind to beat Barnsley and move up to second in League One.
French energy giant EDF has said it expects to give the go-ahead for the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
A fin whale has been found dead on a beach on the east coast of Norfolk.
A man has been arrested in connection with the violence at the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman has been barred from travelling to the US because of new visa rules.
Schools in Wales are not giving enough support to able and talented pupils, the head of Estyn has said.
A teenager who bit off part of a man's ear has been jailed for eight years.
A senior Australian psychiatrist has told the BBC he was refused permission to use data he collected about mental health issues in detention centres.
Neil Gaiman's The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named National Book of the Year.
Who better than Amari, the winner of The Great British Bake Off?
The Christie Hospital in Withington is being investigated by the health regulator for breaching its licence to provide healthcare services.
Scientists have reconstructed the anatomy of a mollusc called Calvapilosa.
The Sunday Times is to move out of its premises in Londonderry.
The families of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march in Powys have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has ruled out taking legal action against the army over their deaths.
A man has been arrested after a stolen tractor was stolen from a farm.
Plaid Cymru's former presiding officer Lord Elis-Thomas has said there is a "serious constitutional challenge" ahead of the next Welsh Government.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has caused a number of companies to change their business models.
Human rights group Amnesty International has accused leaders of using "us versus them" rhetoric to target refugees and immigrants.
There has been a lot of talk about junior doctors' strikes in England.
Bath have held talks with Racing 92 about signing Wales lock Luke Charteris.
Some of the notebooks and diaries of World War One poet Edward Thomas have been given conservation protection, a university has said.
Matt Machan's unbeaten century helped Sussex fight back against Worcestershire on day two at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi says Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola could make a "big revolution" in English football.
More than 1,000 patients have been delayed in hospital in the last three months, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels will face "tough punishment" if they attack trains, India's railways minister has said.
A "mini-Tour de France" is being offered to Cambridge residents as part of a bid to raise awareness of the cycling event in the city.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged assault in Londonderry.
Tunisia's tourism industry is reeling from the terror attack on the Bardo museum in the capital, Tunis.
A Florida man has been charged with arson after a fire at a mosque that killed 49 people last year.
The Mountaineering Association (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to help clean up the bothies in the Cairngorms.
Catalans Dragons secured their place in the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought win at Wakefield.
Gloucester hooker Mark Atkinson has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Former England striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, his family has confirmed.
Celtic moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
Montrose moved up to second in Scottish League Two with a comfortable win over Dunfermline Athletic.
Championship side Burnley have signed Burnley midfielder Josh Jones on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £20,000 from a fraudulent account.
League Two side MK Dons have signed defender Ryan McShane on a two-year deal following his release by AFC Wimbledon.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to impose a border wall with Mexico if he wins the state of Wisconsin.
A Conservative AM has been de-selected for the party's new 60 AM list in South Wales East.
Bairns manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the BBC Scottish Manager of the Year award.
A celebrity who wants to publish an account of his alleged extra-marital activities to the Sun on Sunday has been given more time to apply for a permanent injunction.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has come under fire for his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks to sell the club.
The head of a lion shot dead in Zimbabwe is to be mounted in a glass case in the Hwange National Park as a memorial to the animal, a conservationist has said.
Nicky Ajose's late penalty earned Charlton a draw at Gillingham.
The government has announced plans to cut child benefit from £50,000 to £60,000 for the first time.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Alan Curtis has been appointed Swansea City's new loan player manager.
Hundreds of children have been forced to cancel their football matches after a caravans parked next to their changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris has reopened following a three-day period of national mourning following the Paris attacks.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup by the Organising Committee.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan by seven wickets at Lord's to reach the One-Day Cup quarter-finals.
The head of a hospital that was rated inadequate by the health watchdog has said he is "not ashamed" of himself.
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Londonderry.
The number of dog attacks in Wales has fallen in the past year, according to new figures.
Heather Rabbatts has been appointed as the new chairman of the Football Association.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest one-day international century of his career as England beat Pakistan by six wickets in the final match of the three-match series.
Two people have been arrested after a couple were killed in a crash involving a car and two cyclists.
The founder of a Peebles-based tyre-fitting business has been bought by Michelin, the world's biggest Michelin Group.
A new report on the future of national parks in Wales has been criticised by conservationists.
Surrey all-rounder Danny Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Google has unveiled virtual buttons at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A group of fishermen have been rescued from the River Oban in Aberdeenshire.
Poland's centre-right Civic Platform party has won the country's parliamentary election.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged.
An optometrist who failed to spot a swollen eye in a man's skull was "criminal", a court has heard.
Burton Albion moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Castleford Tigers prop Matt Garbutt has been banned for two games after being sent off in the side's defeat by Sydney Roosters.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater for a yacht owner who went missing last month.
Falkirk and Clackmannanshire councils have been awarded £30m to invest in social housing.
Sean Dickson hit his first Championship century of the season as Kent fought back against Derbyshire on day three at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa looks at the life of a diamond miner.
Plans for a major extension of the Northern Line have been approved by the government.
Rail services serving English markets could be placed into other franchises, the transport secretary has said.
Tim Peake and his team have been working on a virtual-reality world on the International Space Station.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou.
A man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who was jailed for 15 years in Pakistan for trying to enter the country illegally has been reunited with his family.
The security firm mSpy has admitted that up to 400,000 customer details have been exposed in a massive data leak.
Twitter's boss has been accused of not doing enough to stop abusive messages on the social network.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate allegations of bribery and corruption at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, an MP has said.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been told by his fellow shareholders that he will step down at the end of the season.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo has published documents that it says show former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
Two people have been killed trying to cross the English Channel from Calais to the UK.
Mohamed Yafai retained his IBF super-flyweight title with a unanimous points decision in Birmingham.
An open-air country park in Hampshire has been given the go-ahead after a campaign by campaigners.
A Sinn Féin MLA has apologised for a tweet about a former Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) MP.
Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) says it has been "embarrassed" by a US raid on the compound of Osama Bin Laden.
A teenager who posted weaponised drone videos on YouTube is taking legal action against his expulsion from a US university.
London's Elephant and Castle junction has been closed to traffic for the first time in 50 years as part of a £25m road transformation.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
Asian shares have fallen sharply following a sharp sell-off on Wall Street.
Iran's parliament has voted to reject the nuclear deal with world powers.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha's new signing Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for the Ibrox outfit, according to former Scotland defender Mick McCarthy.
Mae Gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed yn ôl hefyd.
A man has died after being hit by a car at the Eastern Centre Championship.
More than 800,000 pharmacists in India are to go on strike in a dispute over online drug sales.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has endorsed Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska, in a move that could be seen as a major boost for his campaign.
A man has said he is "devastated" after his garden was flooded by torrential rain.
Who knew Nick Griffin was going to be the next leader of the British National Party?
A new programme aimed at helping children cope with the transition from primary to secondary school has been launched.
Three sheep painted on a street in Wrexham have been found safe and well.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a new deal for Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
A former partner of one of Northern Ireland's biggest banks, Nama, has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in connection with the sale of its Northern Ireland property loans.
League One side AFC Wimbledon have signed Aston Villa defender Sam Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
It's not every day you get the chance to propose a bill to the House of Commons.
The US says it will release funds to Iran as part of a deal on its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 71-60 by the Netherlands in their final warm-up match in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled a new polymer £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the deaths of four police officers in Dallas, Texas.
An Australian flight from Sydney to Papua New Guinea was forced to make an emergency landing after a snake was found clinging to the wing.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy the online news site Business Insider.
Families in Warrington are being offered free travel to a community leisure centre to encourage them to take up swimming.
The Kepler Space Telescope has discovered 216 planets in our Solar System.
The DSPCA has said it has foiled an attempt to smuggle more than 100 puppies into the Republic of Ireland.
Nigel Farage has said the government must be "completely mad" to be giving EU citizens in Eastern Europe in-work benefits.
A Grade II-listed building in Durham could be demolished if it is not given listed status by Durham University.
A group of stones in the Cotswolds has been awarded an award for the best night sky display.
A body has been found in the River Taff in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop powered to victory in the first practice session of the Ulster Grand Prix at Donnybrook.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report has said.
The union Aslef has accused ScotRail of "shambolic" industrial relations after the operator announced it would cut services on Sundays.
Hungary will not backtrack on its controversial higher education laws, Foreign Minister Beata Szijjarto has said.
When you see Jesus, the Homeless, you look at it with a mixture of awe and dismay.
A security flaw in Topps' payment card systems has exposed the personal details of more than 100,000 customers, the company has said.
India reached a 300-plus target for the first time in their history as they beat South Africa by seven wickets in the second Test in Mumbai.
The number of motorists stopped by police for using mobile phones in Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked at a community farm in Monmouthshire.
A council has said it has run out of suitable land in Oxford to build a new housing estate.
Singer Chris Brown has been shot dead at a party in California.
The US Air Force has agreed to sell some of its most advanced combat aircraft to Nigeria, according to a US congressional source.
MPs have rejected a proposal to make it illegal to carry out sex selective abortions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans for 4,000 new homes in a Surrey district have been given the go-ahead.
Food security around the world is at risk because of the impact of climate change, the UN's food agency has warned.
A man who defrauded theatre companies out of more than £30,000 has been jailed for three years.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he is unsure whether John Terry will continue to play for the club.
An MP has criticised those who are campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
Afghanistan's government has appointed a new chief of counter crime in the capital, Kabul, following the resignation of Gen Abdul Zahir.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to hit 14,500 by 2035, according to official figures.
Some of the UK's most threatened butterflies could be extinct as a result of global warming, a study suggests.
Police have said a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
A Cardiff-based software firm is to create 300 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Catherine Luisa looks at some of the most unusual and controversial stories in Africa this year.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man.
A father and son have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham is the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to a new study.
Tony Ball is to host the nominations for this year's Olivier Awards, it has been announced.
A tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the third anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple who died in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to them.
The number of businesses going into administration in Scotland has fallen, according to restructuring firm KPMG.
Cavan, Monaghan and Fermanagh have all made changes to their squad for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A police officer who gave information to a drug dealer he met at a gym has been jailed for three years.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his landlord in a microwave oven.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Newsnight looks at the challenges facing Muslims.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found, the Foreign Office has said.
Patient safety in the NHS's 999 and 111 phone lines will be compromised due to "performance issues", a report has said.
Nottingham Forest striker Chris Green says he was "disappointed" by his departure from Mansfield Town.
GB Taekwondo has been accused of failing to protect its athletes following claims of poor medical care.
David Lloyd hit a career-best century as Sussex and Glamorgan played out a draw in the first one-day international in Cardiff.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who threatened to "smash her partner's head in" if she failed to pay back £33,000 has been given a suspended jail term.
Jamaica's anti-doping agency is "massively overstating" the results of its drug testing, a senior officer has said.
Antonio Conte has been appointed Italy coach on a two-year deal.
Shrewsbury Town moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable win over Blackpool.
The story of the UK's future in the European Union is well-known.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos to a cemetery in the capital, Manila.
Three people have been arrested in connection with the discovery of more than 100 suspected slavery victims in the West Midlands.
The number of migrants living in the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos has doubled in the past week.
An elderly woman has been reunited with her old bike after it was stolen from a supermarket.
The father of one of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow has said he is "calmer" than he was before the tragedy.
Mario Balotelli says he will leave the pitch if he is found guilty of racially abusing a Roma fan.
A charity event is to be held to raise money for the victims of a rollercoaster crash.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has been voted the best film of all time, ahead of Citizen Kane and Welles' The Searchers.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a New York prison, has been captured in the US state of New York, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked by a van driver in Blackpool.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a fall in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales of its Diet Coke and Cherry Coke fell.
A fishing community in Cambodia has become an eco-tourism destination for western tourists.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about the implications of the attacks.
Images courtesy of Oxford University and the Tate.
A man has appeared in court following an investigation into the sale of drugs in West Lothian.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says finishing top of their Euro 2016 group is a "fantastic feeling".
The number of teachers in northern Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the last four years.
George Clooney has been greeted with flowers and a card at a care home by staff who had written to him asking for a visit.
The cause of a sinkhole which closed a road in Hertfordshire for more than a year has been identified.
Everton have signed Leicester City director of football Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jon Walters and Robbie Keane have been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifiers against Sweden and Italy on Tuesday.
Saracens flanker Owen Farrell has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postie has apologised after his parcel fell down the toilet.
Roarie Deacon's late goal earned Sutton a place in the third round of the FA Cup with a 2-1 win over Cheltenham.
Caravan, a Great British Love Story by Gareth Iwan Jones is to be published in June.
The Ministry of Defence has "big lessons to learn" from the closure of Independent Human Rights Investigations (IHAT), a former soldier has said.
The former governor of Nigeria's Delta state, Ikechukwu Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in London.
A "hands-on" job is being advertised at a hotel in Pembrokeshire.
Scotland full-back Tim Visser says his side will not be intimidated by South Africa in their World Cup Pool B match in Newcastle on Saturday.
More than 1,000 people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother who stopped to feed her baby in public.
Fleetwood reached the second round of the EFL Cup with a 4-1 extra-time win over Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has secured relief in her legal challenge.
It's that time of year again when the BBC is looking for a musical blue plaque.
More than 100 doctors and public health professionals have signed a letter criticising the government's approach to the NHS in England.
The Mexican government has announced that it will begin delivering food to thousands of people who have been protesting against education reforms in the state of Oaxaca.
A 7.2 magnitude earthquake has struck off the coast of Vanuatu, in the Pacific Ocean.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not resign from the government.
A £10,000 reward has been offered for information about the murder of Caroline McKeich 20 years ago.
Fabio Giaccherini and Pelle scored twice as Italy beat Belgium to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Rory McIlroy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Race to Dubai after a three-under-par second-round 66 at Royal Birkdale.
Great Britain's Mark Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after the body of a former Conservative MP was mistakenly sent to a hospital mortuary in Birmingham.
Plans to create 15 new jobs in Cambridgeshire have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Mark Lapthorne reached the final of the Australian Open quad doubles with a straight-set win over the Netherlands.
Heavy snow has fallen across parts of northern England, causing travel disruption and disruption.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of "a feeble public relations effort" to undermine its work.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive David Phillips says he is in talks with various boxing promoters about hosting a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says his side must change their mentality if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
National League side Ebbsfleet have signed former Wycombe Wanderers midfielder Ben Weston on a free transfer.
The last BHS department store in the UK is to open an online shop, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
When Joba Rani was forced to sell her crops after they were destroyed by the recent floods in Bangladesh, she decided to turn to microfinance.
The US is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention centre, the US attorney general has said.
Workers on the Luas tram system in the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept a pay rise deal recommended by a Labour Court.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages for allegedly trading oil with the Islamic State (IS) group.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the European Union to reject a controversial trade deal with Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the signing of former Bolton Wanderers striker Chris Holdsworth on a two-year deal.
Scotland maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland.
Scientists have developed a gene editing technique that kills tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean is to be transferred to a private company.
The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to five women at a ceremony in Oslo, Norway.
Belfast Capitals secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Cardiff Devils.
Britain's Laura Belcher won gold in the K1 200m A final at the European Para-athletics Championships in Milan to secure a place at the Rio Olympics.
Three people have been seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers in Birmingham.
A man has been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Australian police have used tear gas to disperse rioting asylum seekers at a detention centre on Christmas Island.
Pigs slaughtered for meat in the UK will no longer be checked for abscesses or tuberculosis lesions in the head, under new rules.
Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Svetlana Dasilva on a season-long loan deal.
A mother and her daughter have been found guilty of neglect after a teenager slipped out of his rubber ring during a swimming lesson.
A building has collapsed in the centre of Naples, killing at least seven people.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United defender David Sweeney on a two-year deal.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been quizzed by a group of schoolchildren about life in space.
A man who attacked a three-month-old baby in his mother's arms has been jailed.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the winner of a prestigious international award, awarded to the best teacher in the world.
The north Wales region should be given more power to work better with Greater Manchester, the leader of the "Northern Powerhouse" has said.
National League side Doncaster Rovers have signed former Blackburn Rovers midfielder Gary Jones on a two-year deal.
Adele has beaten Beyonce to win the best album award at the Grammys.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat West Brom.
The UK government has agreed to set up a divisional patent court in Scotland if there is enough demand.
A dress worn by Lupita Nyong'o at the Oscars has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles, police say.
Radiohead have recorded their theme tune for the new James Bond film.
Michael Jackson scored a late winner as Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-1 to reach the final of the Under-20 World Cup.
Police officers in England and Wales received an average of £45,000 in overtime pay last year, figures show.
Archaeologists have discovered walling at Edinburgh Castle that dates back to the 15th Century.
A Canadian ice cream company has stepped in to try to save a rural school from closure.
A shipping firm has been revoked from accepting waste after a fire at a recycling plant in Manchester city centre.
The man who built the iPod and iPhone is about to go head-to-head with Sir Jonathan Sir Jonathan.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini as the next Fifa president.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Gillingham and move out of the League One relegation zone.
Plans for a £1bn golf and tennis centre in Stirlingshire have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs.
Ed Miliband has always been a bit of a gentleman.
A Russian fighter jet has made a low-altitude pass over a US aircraft in the Black Sea, US officials say.
Snapchat has said it sees more than two billion views a day of video posted on its service.
The number of people using Three has been hit by a technical fault, the company has said.
An all-girls school in Sydney has banned students from clapping during the annual Australian Day celebrations.
A made-up Welsh MEP has been chosen by 12% of the public to represent the country in the European Parliament.
Back in 2006, the words "Bonkers Bruno Locked Up" were changed to "Sad Bruno in Mental Home".
Welsh taekwondo star Katie Williams says she is relishing the pressure of competing at the European Championships.
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must defend his WBA heavyweight title against David Ortiz in Las Vegas on 11 November.
Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) staff have been barred from entering the headquarters of the national football federation in Abuja.
One of the UK's most endangered birds has been added to a list of conservation concerns.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta and Slovenia.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has won the Goncourt Prize for his satirical novel The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in central London.
England's Daniel Levy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the German Open at Bad Griesbach.
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
The US-led coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan says it has killed two Afghan soldiers in an insider attack.
Gregor Townsend says Glasgow Warriors' Pro12 play-off semi-final against Edinburgh on Saturday is crucial in deciding who will make his Scotland squad.
Port Vale goalkeeper Jordan Smith is being scouted by Championship clubs, says the club's director of football Alan Smurthwaite.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, officials say.
China's manufacturing sector contracted for the second month in a row in July, according to a closely watched survey.
Armando Izzo scored an own goal as Roma beat Genoa to move to within a point of Serie A leaders Juventus.
Victims of the "worst journey on earth" during World War II have been awarded medals by the Russian government.
Three men have been charged with the attempted murder of a former security officer in Lurgan, County Armagh.
The Chainsmokers have topped the UK album chart for the first time with their new album Encore.
Human remains found on a slip road in West Sussex have been identified as a man, police have said.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen to 7,000, the health ministry says.
To some it may seem strange to cancel free lunches in the first three years of primary school.
The UK's construction sector shrank by less than previously thought in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's unguarded comments about the police operation around President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK are being scrutinised by state media.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham captain Dean Keates as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for six months after being caught with more than half a kilo of cannabis.
Air pollution is one of the biggest health problems in the world.
When Joey Alexander performed at the Grammy Awards in New York on Sunday, millions of people around the world were stunned.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has called on the German government to recognise its responsibilities over the Thalidomide drug scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has made some startling new discoveries about Comet 67P.
Donald Trump has become the latest Republican presidential candidate to withdraw from the race, after a video emerged of him saying "grab them by the pussy".
A South African court has ordered the arrest of a BBC journalist who has been accused of offering to represent the family of Oscar Pistorius.
Andy Murray says he is "disgraceful" and "disrespectful" to the sport after his shock defeat by Alexander Zverev at Wimbledon.
Barcelona forward Neymar has been sentenced to 21 months in prison for tax fraud.
Fidel Castro and Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon became the first British monarch to be born to a reigning monarch.
A 16-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked by four men in Blackburn.
An autobiographical book about autism has won the Samuel Johnson Prize for science fiction.
Alex Danson has been named in Great Britain's squad for the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam, where they will face the Netherlands.
A man has been arrested after a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
The deputy first minister has said his mother found a black beret in her home in Londonderry in 1972.
The number of people who have travelled to Northern Ireland from the Republic of Ireland has risen to more than 1,000.
A man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a woman in a head-on crash in County Tyrone.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, the toddler whose body was washed up on the Greek island of Kos.
South Africa scrum-half Thierry van Rooyen says the Pro12 could be a "huge door to be opened" for South Africans wanting to earn their Euros.
Israel has said it did not intend to cause "any harm" to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 Gaza war, a UN report has said.
Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Germany at Hampden on Monday has been described as a "nightmare" for the country.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is ready to "grab it with both hands" when he defends his WBA super-heavyweight title against Christian Braehmer.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill, including Coast Scene near Cannes and View From a Bathing Hut at the Miami Surf Club, has been accepted by the government.
It is Saturday morning in Manchester and the city is still reeling from the terror attack at the Arena.
A man has been arrested after a woman was hit with a crowbar during a robbery in Londonderry.
Tinie Okogwu's studio in Peckham, south London, is a hive of activity.
Aquascutum, one of the UK's most famous fashion brands, is set to be sold.
Customers at a cash machine in North Lanarkshire have received double the amount of money they were asked to withdraw.
A building at the University of Aberdeen is to be closed while experts carry out remedial works after asbestos was found in the air.
Jersey's bid to join Uefa has been rejected by the governing body.
The government has announced plans to increase the number of doctor training places in England.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens beat Bath to move up to second in the Premiership.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Ospreys' Sam Kashket and Southampton's Ryan Gape on loan.
The return of a manager to the English Football League is one of the most significant moments in the club's history.
A woman who was "bombarded with affection and compliments" by a man claiming to be from Turkey has said she has lost £300,000 in a fraud.
A court in Japan has ruled that women should be able to take their husband's surname after marriage.
Ospreys head coach Steve Owens says his side are in a "win groove" after a poor start to the season.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Ben Read says the county's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup final this season are boosted by their success in the quarter-finals.
The Strictly Come Dancing finalist has said he was "gutted" when he found out he was suffering from depression.
Mitt Romney is in the final stages of choosing a running mate for the Republican presidential nomination.
Afghanistan's poppy cultivation has increased by more than 50% in the last year, according to new figures.
The UK Supreme Court has ruled that no child should be taken out of school without good reason.
The ex-wife of former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has told a newspaper she had no involvement with him.
The ban on blood donation in the UK has been in place for more than a decade.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept the terms of its international bailout.
It's been three years since England won the Ashes.
Warwickshire and Lancashire's One-Day Cup ties ended in a draw after a rain-affected second day.
Plans to reduce the Six Nations to a six-week tournament are "incompatible" with players' health, says Wales Rugby Union chief executive Gareth Davies.
A body has been recovered during a search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and other health workers could be used to help cover doctor shortages in England, a think tank has said.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from the Syrian city of Aleppo after a fresh ceasefire came into effect, the Red Cross says.
At least 140 Libyan soldiers have been killed in an attack on an airbase in the east of the country, officials say.
How much would a student have to pay back over the next three years?
Labour's shadow education secretary Kirsty Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet.
England will play Scotland in a two-legged play-off at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are at a "low point".
It's been a year since Cheshire became part of the Northern Powerhouse.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in north Belfast.
Somalia's military says it has not been paid a $1m (Â£1.3m) stipend for its soldiers.
A man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A 3D printer has been developed for the US space agency.
Ringo-Billed gulls have been shown to be resistant to the E. coli bug, a study suggests.
A bird of prey has been shot in the head in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
Jeremy Corbyn is facing a challenge to become the next leader of the Labour Party.
Police have been asked to use extra powers to stop and search crowds at the Champions League final in Cardiff on Saturday.
A grassroots environmental campaigner in Cambodia has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work to protect the country's forests.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City and move up to second in the Premier League.
Girls as young as 10 are the most likely to become child brides in the world, according to a new report by Save the Children.
Sunderland Ladies' Beth Mead has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has admitted taking indecent pictures of a schoolgirl.
A man has won the world record for the largest pumpkin seed.
McLaren team principal Jean-Claude Boullier says his team are "fighting for the title" by the end of the season.
David Cameron has defended his government's plans to double free childcare for three and four year-olds in England.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said she would like to see income tax up for higher earners in Wales once powers are devolved.
Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Watson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a leg injury.
A crowd of 500 people has gathered outside Chelmsford theatre to watch the Labour leadership contest.
Munster have been found guilty of breaching European Cup rules by allowing Rhys Murray to play on after a head injury in their win over Glasgow.
MSPs are to hold a public inquiry into the payment of returning officers to Scottish councils.
Police are investigating the death of a 52-year-old man in Stevenson.
Sarah Sen is a big fan of cashback websites.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's transfer activity this summer.
The Environment Minister has been accused of breaching a ministerial code by unilaterally approving a major retail development plan in Belfast.
Gloucestershire maintained their 100% start to the season with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to seek committee approval for a flood protection scheme which could cost up to £17.8m.
Farmers in England are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
A woman has completed her final attempt to run the London Marathon.
Labour has accused the government of "political football of the worst kind" over the future of a North West Leicestershire by-election.
Michael Johnston has announced his retirement from all active duties at Kilmarnock.
A conference has been held in Sheffield to highlight the need for men to report domestic violence (GBH) to police.
Everton reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over Krasnodar in Belarus.
Jockey James Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae in a fall.
Millions of people in Scotland are watching the UK general election.
Leicester City's players would "love" to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager long term, says manager Craig Shakespeare.
The SDLP has called for an urgent inquiry into the number of unaccompanied children who have gone missing.
Belgium has declared a state of emergency in the capital, Brussels, following Tuesday's deadly attacks in Paris.
Motorists were warned to expect delays on the M1 after a flight from London to Birmingham was diverted.
The US version of Breaking Bad is to be shown on UK TV for the first time.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Mark Haldane, has said that the next interest rate rise is "still some way from being made".
Leicestershire Speedway have signed a new deal to keep the team in the Premier League.
The number of Americans living in poverty has risen for the first time in more than a decade, according to a government report.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 19th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
More than 1,000 Pakistani girls have been sexually abused in Rotherham, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce says he will be "happy" when his England side face Slovakia on Sunday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 16-year-old girl at a railway station.
The UK will continue to oppose any duplication of the EU's military, the defence secretary has said.
The bodies of five people killed in a helicopter crash in north Wales have been found, police have said.
Mullah Mansour, the former deputy leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed in a drone attack.
A cycle hire scheme has been revived in Oxfordshire.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to set up an unarmed observer mission to oversee any ceasefire.
A US appeals court has ruled that an uncredited sample of Madonna's song Vogue is not a copyright infringement.
Plans for a new £1.5m road through a Swansea town have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
King George's piano has been bought for the Royal Pavilion at Brighton's Victoria and Albert Museum.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter of the year, official figures show.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its Android smartphone.
A replica of the cane used by Oscar-winning director David Attenborough is expected to fetch up to £10,000 at auction.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been ordered to apologise.
Labour would introduce a legal right to work on zero-hours contracts in its first year of government, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison's decision to sell his 76% shareholding in Motherwell to a local business has paved the way for the club's future.
Blackpool FC fans are being urged to come forward to help solve the murder of a schoolgirl more than a decade ago.
Regulated rail fares in England and Wales have risen by 0.5% in the past year, according to the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RDG).
A new set-up has been set up at a military rehabilitation centre in Surrey, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is to commission new portraits of people who have been painted or photographed by its current staff and students.
Derbyshire head coach Danny Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast next season despite their shock exit from the group stage.
England women's football team have been stripped of their right to compete at the Olympics, says captain Jamie Sampson.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle, beating Creed to the title.
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award for his book about soldiers returning from war in Afghanistan.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Andrew Flower has backed young batsmen to "push their way" into international cricket after his side's tri-series win over Northants.
I have a huge collection of matchbox labels.
Athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, according to the British Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is no reason why the Bahrain Grand Prix should be cancelled.
Michelle Dockery and West are to star in the UK Premiere of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Tarek Hamed has been named in Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage and a raft of talent for this year's festival.
A gas explosion which killed a man was "almost like an airstrike", an inquest has heard.
A cake has been made to celebrate Harry Potter author JK Rowling's 90th birthday.
At least two people have been killed in looting in Venezuela's capital, Caracas, officials say.
A lettings agency in south London is claiming more than £11,000 in housing benefit, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
Scotland will need to be "smarter and clever" if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday, says head coach Richie Laidlaw.
As Australia prepares to become the first country in the world to allow same-sex couples to marry, it is worth taking a look at the economic benefits of marriage equality.
South Korean opposition lawmakers have broken a world record by speaking for 57 hours in a marathon parliamentary session.
It's one of the biggest sporting events in the UK this weekend.
The Royal Mint has issued a commemorative coin to celebrate the birth of a child.
Japan and South Korea have held high-level talks in Tokyo to try to ease tensions between the two countries.
England midfielder Michael Carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says Roy Hodgson.
The inquest into the death of schoolgirl Alice Gross is to examine whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) has long been a formidable force in North Africa.
An MP who found a toy bunny by the gates of the Palace of Westminster has returned it to its owner.
A US magistrate has ordered a Russian woman to hand over her fingerprint sensor to the government to decrypt data on her iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side have a "very good opportunity" to reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Aberdeen have signed midfielder Graeme Shinnie on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
WBA world featherweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexican Carlos Rosas on Saturday.
Mark Carney's decision to extend his term as governor of the Bank of England was a controversial one.
A review into the end-of-life care system in Liverpool is likely to recommend it be scrapped.
Four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home.
Canadian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty of stealing more than 3 million credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in a "shocking and completely senseless" attack, the RSPCA has said.
The world's longest-living wild pelican, Lanky, has been killed at a zoo in New Zealand.
Boys have overtaken girls in the top A-level grades for the first time in England, official results show.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated against measles after an outbreak at a nursery in the town.
Macedonia's President Aleksandar Ivanov has said he will cut a "tangle" in the country's political crisis.
The Prince of Wales has delivered the original message of victory to the Duke of Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo 200 years ago.
Russia was likely to have been involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, the inquiry into his death has heard.
Head teachers have criticised Philip Hammond for failing to use the Autumn Statement to address funding pressures in schools and colleges.
The use of cashless payments to pay for school meals has to stop, an AM has said.
A new approach to fighting HIV has been shown to be safe and effective in humans, a study suggests.
Seven police officers are to be questioned over allegations a prisoner was handcuffed and his fingers were severed while in custody.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's most promising emerging economies.
Dover Athletic have been allowed to sign former Gillingham and Eastleigh player N'Gala on a two-year deal.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he is "grateful" for Kane Hemmings after the striker scored his 25th goal of the season.
The Royal British Legion has launched a campaign to change the way people think about veterans.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow came from behind to beat Glasgow Rose in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US box office in its first five days of release, beating The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Lord Lloyd-Webber has said he is "back when I'm started" with musicals, despite the high ticket prices in the West End.
A pair of students are to present their idea for a mobile phone app that would alert people to the dangers of natural disasters.
Glamorgan's David Miller and Jacques Rudolph hit half-centuries as they beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
It's been a year of viral videos and memes.
A man has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Bridgend county.
French police have arrested two men suspected of carrying out a deadly attack on a satirical magazine in Paris on Wednesday.
Prince Philip is to retire from the Royal Family in August.
Plans to demolish a block of flats in Londonderry have been approved by residents.
A man has told a court he was shot in the leg by a gunman wielding a stocking over his head.
It's been a week since Taylor Swift announced she was leaving Spotify.
Jenson Button says he is "confident" the new Azerbaijan Grand Prix will be a success despite concerns about safety on the new track.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has staged an impromptu protest in protest against the police's handling of an alleged prostitution ring.
Police have said they are " firmly in the camp" of trying to catch criminals who use encrypted devices to communicate.
Tickets for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out quickly.
Lance Armstrong has said he would not race again if he was stripped of his Tour de France titles in 2015.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side are in a "fantastic position" after reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Racing in the Isle of Man TT is no easy task.
Sussex batsman Tom Wells says he is not satisfied with his form so far this season.
A council has been told it would be "absolute madness" to move a 1,000-year-old rock which is believed to have been on Chapel Hill.
A woman who raised more than £330,000 for disabled pensioner David Barnes has been charged with attempted murder.
Royal Bank of Scotland has said it will set aside £3.1bn to settle claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A painting of a Welsh noble has been bought by the National Trust for £2.1m.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if funding is cut by the Welsh government, a union has warned.
South Africa's High Court judge has told the High Court in Pretoria that he will not be taking any legal action against the government.
Turkey's parliament has voted to allow women to wear headscarves in state institutions.
Five UK universities have received GCHQ-approved master's degrees in cyber security, the government has announced.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his mother in a "vile murder" at her Norwich home.
Violent clashes have broken out in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival factions over the conflict in Syria.
A teenager who lost two teeth when he was bitten by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol has said he was told he had an accident with his teeth.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
Former Canadian defenceman Gordie Howe has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.
The National Audit Office has criticised the UK government's aid agency for spending over £5,000 on 15 flights from 2011.
A man who spent more than 40 years in prison for being an IRA member has said he will continue fighting to his grave for compensation.
Labour has said it will oppose plans to hold an in-out EU referendum on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1.
Jules Bianchi's father says he is "confident" that the Italian Formula 1 driver will survive a serious head injury sustained in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
Legal services firm Axiom is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a series of phone calls made using a cordless telephone.
Northern Ireland's Mark Farmer won the first Supersport race of the season at the Knockhill round of the British Superbike Championship.
UK retail sales have fallen for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the Commonwealth, saying it will no longer be a party to any institution that represents an extension of colonialism.
A social worker who failed to visit mentally ill men who had committed "significant crimes" has been found guilty of misconduct.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said the UK will not start formal negotiations to leave the European Union until the end of the year.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will make it easier for law enforcement agencies to track mobile phones in urban areas.
Cuba has suspended diplomatic relations with The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh.
Belfast City Council has signed an exemption order to allow a dog to return to its owner after a campaign to free him.
Everton are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of England defender John Stones for an undisclosed fee.
High winds and heavy rain have caused widespread disruption in parts of the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south London.
Two men have died in a crash involving two cars.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United.
A new penalty shootout system is to be introduced in the Europa League next season.
A woman who has sold thousands of poppies for charity has been named.
A woman has told an inquest how she was sexually assaulted by serial killer Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he is "forced to accept" tough new austerity measures imposed by his government in a vote on a bailout deal.
Millions of people across the UK will be voting in the general election on 8 June.
Yorkshire have said they would be interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A Henry Moore sculpture, thought to be worth about Â£20m, is to be placed in London's Canary Wharf after a High Court battle with Tower Hamlets Council.
A County Londonderry man has been told to "go easy" on paella and cerveza because his fines are going up.
A contestant on the Miss Universe pageant has been criticised for saying healthcare was a privilege and not a right.
YouTube is one of the most popular social media sites in the world.
China's first trial space station will not burn up during falling into the atmosphere, the country's space agency has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Solana Mara looks at the reasons why Africa's poultry industry is booming.
David Cameron has been told his father Ian has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke.
Syrian government forces have begun evacuating the last rebel-held district of the city of Homs.
Saracens head coach Stuart McCall says there is no reason why the club can't get better in the European Champions Cup.
A statue of baseball legend Dickie Bird has been raised to make it easier for people to remove items from it.
Retail bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "catastrophic" for millions of families.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United's squad for the first time since retiring from international football.
A school in Rio de Janeiro has won the city's annual carnival title.
Wales is "paying the price" for failing to meet its renewable energy targets, a leading energy expert has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time, according to new figures.
Northern Ireland women's team have finished eighth at the Vaasa European Indoor Championships in Italy.
All young people should register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales could have a new right to challenge police decisions, under Labour pledges.
Peter Chase is one of the UK's most successful potato traders.
Syria's foreign ministry has said it has intercepted two shipments of chemical weapons from the port of Latakia.
A six-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira and batsman Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries on day three against Derbyshire at Edgbaston.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes is likely to be a "one-time flushing" of black money out of the system, a former economist says.
Oxford United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Bradford.
Plans for a 1,000-home development in a Yorkshire village have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" for Saturday's match against Australia at Twickenham.
Tom Hiddleston has denied reports that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The Lord Chief Justice has said the British government has a legal obligation to act as quickly as possible to deal with the legacy of the past.
Nottinghamshire maintained their 100% start to the season with a seven-wicket win over Surrey.
The last two journalists to work in Fleet Street are to retire at the end of the week.
A GP surgery in New Zealand has been rated "good" by the health watchdog following a second inspection.
At Singapore's second-largest university, Singapore University (SMU), a group of students are taking part in a lecture.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable win over Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood missed the cut at the US Open after a disappointing second round.
A new mental health academy is being set up in West Berkshire to help reduce the number of patients waiting for help.
A new emergency medical service is to be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a British woman jailed in Iran has said he is "frightened" by the outcome of her appeal against her sentence.
Lee Westwood says he is relishing the prospect of playing at Royal Troon for the first time since 2004.
Arsenal Ladies defender Alex Smith has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton England has had its funding withdrawn from the Olympic and Paralympic programme by UK Sport.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have been laid at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found at a house in County Fermanagh.
A German man has been fined for causing the death of a motorcyclist in Gwynedd.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in energy and banking shares.
Blackpool have signed striker Tom Allsop on a two-year deal and striker Jordan Cooke on a season-long loan from Premier League side Fulham.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
More than 60,000 people have attended events to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man has set a new world record for the largest egg cooked in a chip shop.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire GP surgery has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed former Blackpool boss Jose Riga as their new head coach.
Jamie Hardie is sitting on the floor of Lockhart's Hut in the middle of a dark alleyway.
Indonesians have been using social media to express their sympathy for the victims of the Jakarta attacks.
Manufacturing company Hutchinson has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Kilrea, County Antrim.
A Native American tribe in South Dakota has announced plans to open a recreational marijuana resort.
Conor McGregor says he is "not prepared to fight in the deepest of trenches" after lighter gloves were given the go-ahead for his fight with Floyd Mayweather on Saturday.
Plans to build 500 homes on allotments in Surrey have been approved by a council.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Europe.
Skelmersdale-based Bay TV has been put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Togo football fans have paid tribute to former coach Big Boss Keshi at a match in the capital, Lome.
Two off-duty police officers have been arrested after a woman was stolen from a car in County Londonderry.
A man has been stabbed to death in Salford, police have said.
A Russian airliner that crashed in Egypt on Sunday killing all 224 people on board has been destroyed, officials say.
Real Madrid have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A bug in a bear that could have let an attacker spy on its young owner has been found by security researchers.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has convicted Jean-Pierre Bemba of rape as a war crime.
Malala Yousafzai was born into a Taliban family in Pakistan.
Chelsea have celebrated their Premier League title with a parade.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and move into second place in the Formula 1 world championship.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Seachill, the owner of Waitrose, is reviewing its pay arrangements after the introduction of the national living wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of inciting violence at an unauthorised rally in St Petersburg.
Banking firm Hays has said it is "too early" to say whether the Brexit vote will have an impact on its business.
Samsung has launched a new version of its Android operating system that allows ad-blockers to be installed on mobile devices.
US consumer sentiment has fallen for the first time in five months, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who were jailed for sexually abusing two boys have been given lifelong anonymity.
Four people have been arrested in connection with a domestic abuse campaign ahead of England's Euro 2016 match against Russia.
Workers in Cymru could save up to £1,000 a year by using healthier modes of transport, a charity has said.
Five men have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder and possession of a firearm in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he is not concerned about injuries to midfielders Jacob Butterfield and Jonas Olsson ahead of the new season.
Kyle Edmund will play his first Davis Cup match for Great Britain in the first round of the competition in New York on Friday.
Wigan Warriors captain Tomkins says he would never want to return to the Super League club.
Wigan Warriors moved to within a point of the Super League play-offs with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A Sinn Féin teacher has said she has been subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation in the past few weeks.
Scientists have developed a way to predict the shapes of sandstone landforms.
The Met Office has issued the first high wind warning of the season for parts of northern and western Scotland.
A new study suggests that whole brain radiotherapy may not be the best treatment for secondary brain tumours.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for the second time.
Josh Taylor says he is ready to fight Ricky Burns for the WBA world super-lightweight title in Edinburgh next month.
Dundee have signed Scotland international Stevie May on a four-year deal.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes between security forces and Shia residents in a Saudi town in the Eastern Province of Qatif, activists say.
Turkey has launched a fresh offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern Syrian city of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she never shied away from taking responsibility for the party's loss of 40 MPs in May.
A woman has found a golden shell and a golden train hidden in a velvet bag at Scunthorpe's Art Centre.
A coroner has ruled that the body of a soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks should not be exhumed.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of murdered schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A new search and rescue helicopter service has been launched at a former RAF base in Gwynedd.
Sport Ireland chief executive Peter Treacy says a "deeply divided" board at the Irish Athletic Boxing Association (IABA) is a "symptom" of the sport's financial crisis.
The daughter of British aid worker John Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for the group to be eradicated.
Warwickshire captain David Trott hit a century as they beat Essex by eight wickets to reach the One-Day Cup final.
Haiti's Senate has voted to accept the resignation of President Joseph Privert, the country's interim president.
The data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered, an Egyptian investigation committee has said.
Extremism is spreading, threatening and taking lives, not just in our countries but in other lands, the home secretary has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the government in its fight against employment discrimination fees.
An Iranian football goalkeeper has been banned from social media for six months for wearing a pair of trousers.
Britain's Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win a World Cup downhill race in the same season, with victory in the downhill event in Austria.
Safety advice has been issued after two hoverboards caught fire in London in the space of a month.
The Women's World Twenty20 will begin in India on Friday, with England and Ireland facing each other in the group stage.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
A hotel guest house has been fined after a man fell from a balcony.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary, says it is "completely wrong" that vocational education should be given the same status as apprenticeships.
A public swimming pool in Derby has been saved from closure.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death in west Belfast nine years ago have said they have been "let down" by the justice system.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits producer, has reported a fall in sales for the first half of the financial year.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for the return of the Chagos Islands to the US.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to be asked to star alongside Matt Damon in the drama The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
Sri Lankan pirates have freed the crew of a tanker they seized off the coast of Somalia, officials say.
A young girl has been fostered by a Muslim family in east London.
The brother of a man killed in a fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry has said it shows "total disrespect" for the victims.
Drivers who enter a restricted area of a busy street in the early hours of the morning are to be warned.
BMW has reported a jump in profits for the first three months of the year after buying a stake in mapping technology firm Here.
Being optimistic about the future is linked to a lower risk of death, a study suggests.
Dundee Airport has announced plans to fly two new routes between Dumfries and Galloway.
A man has been charged with carrying out a mass shooting at an airport in Florida, the latest in a series of mass shootings in the US.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in nearly nine years in the fourth quarter of 2015, according to official figures.
Scientists have discovered what they say is the world's largest groundwater reserves.
Charlton moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a 2-1 win over fellow strugglers Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 internationals Sam Rae and Keshav Bhatti on two-year deals.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa with a knee injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales.
Wimbledon is the oldest major tennis tournament in the world.
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Lanarkshire.
All of the UK's cities are likely to suffer in the short term from Brexit, according to a new analysis.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a village in southern Italy after a huge wildfire broke out.
A woman has been appointed as the new bishop of Gloucester.
President of Ivory Coast: Alassane Ouattara
If you want to know what's going on at a big conference, you might want to ask the tech industry's chief executive Amit Aggarwal.
Ospreys moved to within a point of the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingsley Jones' Stadium.
When I first heard the word "Zica" on the front page of the Indian newspaper, I had no idea what it meant.
General Motors has said it will stop selling cars in India and sell its manufacturing business in South Africa.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Hibernian midfielder Ryan Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Ken Zohore for any player in the Championship this season.
A man has been found guilty of killing a soldier who was attacked outside a bar in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, Camilla, have visited a fruit market in Brixton, south London, during a visit to the area.
More than 400 whales have been stranded on a beach in New Zealand after being beached by the tide.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans not to boo his side as they prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey moved to within a point of the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Three British teenagers who were reported missing in Turkey have been released without charge, Scotland Yard has said.
Two police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog for reducing crime.
Ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts in Birmingham about taking over schools which have been caught up in claims of extremism.
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco international striker Abdoulaye Belhanda on a two-year deal.
A man who was jailed for sending a "menacing threat" to Robin Hood Airport has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Is it possible to have a leaderless workplace?
A plane forced to make an emergency landing at a Midlands airport after smoke began to seep into the cabin was caused by a loose connection, a report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the one-day series against South Africa, which starts in June.
A Dundee hospital has apologised after a mobile ophthalmic theatre was used to carry out operations on 62 patients.
German prosecutors have gone on trial in Dresden accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum-seeker shelters.
All political parties should reflect on the impact of EU funding on the Welsh economy, the Welsh secretary has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, the Libyan man who carried out the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103, has died at the age of 87.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq.
A video has been posted online of people trying to swim in flood water in parts of the UK.
TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to 31 March, compared with the same period a year earlier.
Heineken's takeover of Punch pubs in London has been approved by the UK's competition watchdog.
A new centre is to be set up in Aberdeen to help develop new ultrasound scanners for offshore oil and gas.
Sunderland striker Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply" of drugs in the Republic of Ireland have been jailed.
Schools in England are being asked to set up web pages in the run-up to the BBC's School Report News Day.
An Iron Age hill fort in Rhondda Cynon Taff may have been occupied by a Silurian tribe for much later than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
A gun has been fired at a police car in Londonderry.
Thousands of people have marched through the streets of London to protest against the closure of Kids Company, a children's charity.
Prime Minister: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of "blasé" over a £5m subsidy for a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children could face poverty if changes to benefits are implemented, say campaigners.
Scotland's skills system needs to be strengthened to cope with the impact of technological change, a think tank has said.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the 1998 bombings of two US embassies.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage winger Kadeem Harris from Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The UK government's decision to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset is a major blow to the relationship between the two countries.
Tributes have been paid to a Glamorgan cricketer who was found dead at his home in Gwynedd.
A senior al-Qaeda figure, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, has been killed in a drone strike in Libya.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City and Manchester United midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Tommy Williams scored twice as Doncaster came from behind to beat Doncaster.
Nottingham Forest activist John Collymore has withdrawn from the race to become the club's new chief executive.
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch at their Super League match against Salford Red Devils.
Plans for a £100m redevelopment of Keynsham town centre have been given the go-ahead by a council.
Connacht have signed New Zealand prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a charity out of £1,000.
Too many offenders in England and Wales are being turned away from unpaid work enforced by the courts, a report has found.
Tommy Seymour will start for the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against the Hurricanes in Auckland on Tuesday.
Adele's new single, Hello, has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row.
Items of clothing have been recovered as part of the search for a missing man in Aberdeenshire.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pay and conditions for Durham County's teaching assistants have broken down.
Labour leader Leanne Wood has said she has received "hundreds" of supportive messages from people in England and Wales about her party's support for her in the general election.
The speed of the melting of Arctic sea ice in the past few weeks has been described as "unprecedented" by a leading scientist.
A man who married a clerk at a Derbyshire office has said he has been subjected to death threats and threats since coming out as gay.
Cornwall beat Surrey 27-11 to reach the final of the Bill Beaumont Cup.
A virtual reality version of the Alice in Wonderland story has been launched in Llandudno to mark the town's 150th anniversary.
Three people have been injured after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Plans to improve the M4 in Worthing have been branded a "sham" by two councils.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and his Uefa counterpart Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years.
Archaeologists have discovered a square megalithic monument in a Gloucestershire village.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Welsh Devils head coach Rob Bowns says his side can win the Elite League title this season if they play like they can.
A boy who developed a rare neurone disease after being vaccinated against a flu jab has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands over the weekend in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police are investigating reports of people dressing up as clowns in Cardiff.
A former IRA member who was acquitted of membership of a terrorist organisation has lost a High Court bid to secure tapes of interviews he gave on the Boston College project.
Cardiff City midfielder Efe Ecuele Manga has been ruled out for the rest of the season with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers secured their first win of the season with a 2-1 win over Cambridge United.
As an MEP for the UK Independence Party (UKIP), David Gill knows he has a long way to go to get elected.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash on the A9 near Strachan.
Bees could be driven closer to extinction in the UK because of the damp weather, a charity has warned.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to take military action in Syria has been greeted with a mixture of relief and dismay.
At least 11 people have been killed in a shooting at a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, police say.
Sony has discontinued its line of e-readers, the company has confirmed.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors from the Temple Mount complex in Jerusalem's Old City in the wake of the killing of two Israeli police officers.
A summit to discuss ways to reduce the risk of flooding in Wales has been held in Cardiff.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams who can fight to win the Premier League title this season.
A police dog has been put down after it bit a man in the leg.
Eugene, the chatbot created by Vladimir Veselov and Eugene Demchenko, has passed a Turing test for the first time.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's squad for the Rio Olympics.
Egyptian judo coach Mohammed El Shehaby has been suspended after failing to shake the hand of his opponent Mohammed Sasson.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the world's most diverse countries and has a rich history of reconciliation.
Scientists in Japan have developed a 3D scan that can detect a protein in the brain that causes Alzheimer's disease.
Johanna Konta says she is not worried about the odds on her becoming the first British woman to win Wimbledon singles title.
The roll-out of the UK's smart meters programme has been delayed for a third time.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a motion calling for a "massive reduction" in penalty fines for parking offences.
A Conservative activist has told the BBC that a dossier detailing allegations of bullying within the party was given to the party's youth wing in 2010.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Holyhead.
St Ronan's Magherafelt and St Paul's Bessbrook will meet in the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Schools Football Championship.
Two Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS) for the first time.
A schoolboy from a poor village in northern India has passed the secondary school exams.
Marine accident investigators have called for an urgent review of lifejacket testing following the deaths of three fishermen.
More than 1,000 ancient sites have been discovered in Egypt using satellite imagery, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester.
The final episode of the third series of BBC One sitcom Bridesmaids has been watched by a record number of viewers.
Apple unveiled the $10,000 Apple Watch at its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on Monday.
A Scottish sea salt company has been bought by supermarket chain Sainsbury's for an undisclosed sum.
Councils have been inundated with "slightly amusing" customer service queries in the past year, says the Local Government Association.
The only painted representation of the coronation of Charles V has been found in a park in County Durham.
Plans for a McDonald's restaurant in Fife have been given the go-ahead by the city's planning inspector.
The number of mentally ill people detained in police custody centres has fallen by more than a third in a year, a hospital has said.
Tiger Woods says he is "like a five-year-old" after announcing his retirement from golf.
The Champions League final at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff will be one of the biggest sporting events of the season.
Take-Two has teamed up with the NBA to create an e-sports league in the US.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire.
It has been a year in the life of a man.
Aston Villa have signed Manchester City striker Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan deal.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Tour de France for the second time with victory in the seventh stage.
Former Elvis Presley road manager John Esposito has died at the age of 83.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, dragged down by Easyjet and Madame Tussuad.
One of the last flying Lancasters of World War Two has been grounded because of a fault with one of its engines.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title last season is a "tragedy", says Chelsea manager Antonio Conte.
If you want to see your favourite band or singer perform live, you might want to think again.
Microsoft has announced a series of new Halo titles for the Xbox One console.
Tributes have been paid to the musicians who have died in recent days.
Home Secretary Theresa May should consider banning two prominent anti-Islam speakers from entering the UK, a committee of MPs has said.
US President Barack Obama has urged Democrats to "send some signals of unity" in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train crash in the Indian state of Odisha, officials say.
Glamorgan have announced a new schedule for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
A woman has been charged with drink-driving after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
A police officer has described the "horrific carnage" that followed the deaths of two students at a nightclub.
A woman and her child have been raped in a "very traumatic ordeal", police have said.
Former world number one Jimmy Carter says he is "a million miles away" from the top level after being beaten by Michael Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
A woman with brain cancer who was forced to postpone her wedding after being diagnosed with the disease has died.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates unchanged.
A large sinkhole has opened up in the grounds of a stadium in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro.
Cardiff City missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised for making a reference to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested in Peru after posing naked at Machu Picchu, the world's highest tourist attraction.
At least six people have been killed in explosions in China's port city of Tianjin, state media report.
More than 400,000 children in England are being taught by unqualified teachers, according to a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Glasgow city centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the Labour Party into the next general election.
The genetic make-up of Europe has been revealed for the first time.
The owner of a boutique which has been linked to the so-called Islamic State group in Syria has said she is considering changing its name.
Police Scotland has been contacted by another former pupil about claims of historical abuse at Gordonstoun School in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said his party will commit to a "clear plan" for a fully integrated railway in public ownership.
The mother of a girl who was abducted by a teacher on a cross-Channel ferry has said she has no intention of speaking to the press.
Borussia Dortmund have signed France Under-19 international forward Yannick Bolasie from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years in June, according to official figures.
Nigeria coach Victor Oliseh says he is "very pleased" with the results of his first stint in charge of Fortuna Sittard.
All pictures are copyrighted. Â© BBC Scotland.
One of the world's longest aircraft carriers has been taken out of service for the first time in more than 50 years.
A couple from Wiltshire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
A group of giant ice balls have been discovered in Siberia.
Channel Island football club Guernsey have been told they must play in the FA Cup for non-football reasons.
Comic-book legend Stan Lee is to star in a new film, according to reports.
A new cyber security group has been set up in Denbighshire.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
Only 0.5% of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Qatar tested positive for doping, according to a study by Harvard University.
England all-rounder Liam Vince has been named in the squad for the World Twenty20 in Mumbai next month.
A Scottish singer has found the grave of his great great grandfather in one of the country's largest cemeteries.
Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been painted green for the first time in more than 40 years.
Saracens flanker Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
The new Avengers movie will be called Avengers: Age of Ultron, director Joss Whedon has announced at Comic-Con in Las Vegas.
Every morning at Moco-Moco Primary School, a young boy walks into the classroom and sits down to read a newspaper.
A snake thought to be one of the deadliest snakes in the world has been euthanised by the Scottish SPCA.
A convicted child sex offender who travelled to the US to have sex with two young brothers has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
If you want to know what it's like to be a professional wrestler in China, you might want to check out the WWE Network.
Police in the US city of San Antonio have charged a driver with human trafficking after 20 people were found dead in a trailer at a Walmart in the city.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head at a house in Londonderry has been awarded a bravery medal by the Queen.
The maker of Irn Bru and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in sales, helped by a recovery in the soft drinks market.
A black man has been shot dead by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, in what police say was an act of mistaken identity.
Madonna's been busy promoting her new album, Rebel Heart, on social media.
Matt Grigg's injury-time goal earned Wigan a point against League One leaders Colchester.
Charli XCX has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.
Facebook and Apple are expanding their maternity leave policies, offering up to $20,000 (Â£12,500) for women to freeze their eggs.
Muhammad Ali would have picked Wladimir Klitschko and Joe Frazier apart, according to former world heavyweight champion Bill Shavers.
The Bank of England has held its key interest rate at 0.5% for another month.
When the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs in the best-of-seven World Series at Wrigley Field on Sunday, it would be the first time they have won a major league title.
The Queen's Speech has set out her government's Brexit plans, including plans to convert EU rules into UK law.
The RSPCA should be allowed to choose its cases to suit its "political and commercial needs", an MP has said.
Google has expanded its Street View service to include images of the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of people have taken part in a charity swim in the seaside town of Tenby.
HSBC has appointed former Prudential chief executive David Tucker as its new chief executive.
The Paris climate agreement is durable and will sustain a durable international effort to counter climate change, US lead negotiator David Pershing has said.
Swansea City moved up to second in the Premier League table with a comfortable win over Charlotte Independence in the United States.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he went missing from a nightclub.
The government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK, the BBC understands.
A £1.5m memorial to police officers and staff who died in the line of duty has been given the go-ahead by the government.
James Whyte and Conor Forsythe scored twice as Crusaders beat Linfield 2-1 in the Irish Cup semi-final at Croke Park.
ScotRail has announced plans to create up to 100 new train drivers in Scotland.
The FBI has accused Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak of defrauding the country out of millions of dollars through his investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu hanfon i wahanol lefydd hefyd yn ôl yr angen.
Police in Germany say they are investigating a growing number of fake fathers claiming to be the fathers of children.
Fines for data breaches in the UK have risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to research by PwC.
The Turin Shroud, one of the world's largest public displays of the burial cloth, has gone on display in Turin.
Plans to charge people from outside the UK for using the NHS in Wales are an "absolute distraction", the health secretary has said.
North Korea has said it carried out an H-bomb test on Wednesday.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl.
The Scottish government has been accused of a "sham consultation" over its named person policy, after a group representing more than 35,000 parents said they were not involved.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Everton midfielder James Browning on a season-long loan deal.
Thousands of people from across Scotland are being recruited to help scientists investigate why some diseases run in families.
David is still walking along the streets of Aubervilliers in north-eastern France.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday after the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade.
Daimler, the world's biggest carmaker, has reported a rise in sales in the second quarter of the year, helped by a strong performance in China.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said the government of Syria does not have the right to kill anyone.
Nintendo has reported a bigger-than-expected loss for the first three months of the year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles fell.
Huddersfield Town's Championship survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Burton Albion.
It's not every day you see a road sign painted with the word "m misteke" on the side of the road.
A British aid worker who was abducted and beheaded in Pakistan was killed because a ransom had not been paid, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Caroline Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A High Court judge has ruled in favour of a scheme to build underground power lines in Powys.
A court in China has streamed online court trials for the first time in the country's history.
Samsung C&T, the South Korean electronics giant, has been approved by shareholders in the US conglomerate.
A council is to auction a statue of an Egyptian court official to reinvest the money it has raised into heritage projects.
Lancashire will begin the defence of their County Championship title with a home one-day international against Glamorgan.
A gambler dismembered his friend's body and dumped it in his own flat, a court has heard.
Former UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been placed under house arrest after being convicted of tax evasion and fraud.
Rangers cruised to a comfortable victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Uganda has ordered all foreign troops to leave South Sudan by 1 November, the government says.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of £5m in Libor relief, the government has announced.
A teenager from Exmouth has set a new world record for the fastest single-handed sailor round the Isle of Wight.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Chris Sidwell says he wants to stay in the Premier League next season.
A former health board chief has called for more investment in the NHS after she was unable to get cancer treatment in Wales.
Matt Disley's late goal earned Forest Green a 1-0 win over Grimsby in the National League.
A giant model of a crystal made of atoms has been unveiled in London to attempt to break the world record for the largest ever crystal arrangement.
Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry into the affairs of Bill and Hillary Clinton, has died at the age of 87.
Belfast's transport minister Simon Hazzard has said he is considering extending bus lanes in the city.
Donald Trump's election risks driving a wedge between Britain and the EU just when both sides need it least, according to Atlanticist analysis.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to revert to the 2015 qualifying system for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Britain's Paul Perry reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship with a 6-3 win over American Mark Bingham.
Ukrainian and Russian TV channels have been airing conflicting accounts of the fighting between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian separatists in the east of the country.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries as Worcestershire fought back on day three against Leicestershire at Edgbaston.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in the wake of the death of Glasgow shop keeper Mohammad Shah.
Spotify, the music streaming service, has announced a year-long trial of non-music content.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Simon Mignolet needs to make a "perfect day" to save his side from Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles on a plane.
An ex-serviceman has written a children's book about the horrors of the Falklands War to help children and adults cope with life outside the military.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson set a new world record in the long jump to win the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
There has been a rise in the popularity of politicians perceived to be authentic.
Southampton have signed Norwich City striker Nathan Redmond for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP members have been told to follow the "proper process" of vetting candidates for the party's leadership.
Australian authorities say they are "very much in the gathering of evidence" over the death of five people in a plane crash.
A German court has sentenced a Dutch Nazi war criminal to life in prison for the 1944 murder of three Dutch Jews.
A Palestinian woman who died after her home was set on fire in the occupied West Bank has been named by Israeli officials.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has been re-elected for a second term in office.
Borrowers are more confident about making repayments on unsecured loans than they were in the first quarter of the year, a bank has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
More than 130 jobs have been put at risk by the closure of Glasgow's Arches nightclub, according to the Scottish government.
Lonmin, the world's biggest platinum producer, has announced plans to raise $1.5bn (£1.6bn) in a share sale.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who has gone missing has appealed for help to find him.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed full-back Alex O'Meara on a two-year deal.
Work is being carried out on a railway station which has been closed for more than a year.
Torquay made it two wins from two in the National League with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby.
The Foreign Office has defended the government after more than 100,000 people signed a petition calling for a second EU referendum.
A man who murdered teenager Paige Wood has had his murder sentence reduced by a judge.
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge to the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
A prize awarded to the funniest children's book author is to be re-launched.
A Somali politician has been shot dead by security forces in the capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Wales goalkeeper Chris Ward says he would like to stay at Huddersfield Town beyond the end of the season.
A teenager's body was found in a park on Christmas Eve, an inquest has heard.
BBC News looks at some of the key stories from around the world that we did not know last week.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Reading and Wokingham.
The federal government has launched an investigation into the deaths of indigenous women in Canada.
A Kuwaiti man who was held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released, his lawyer says.
A new breast implant registry is to be set up to allow patients who received faulty implants to be traced swiftly, the NHS has announced.
A self-driving robot has been run over by a building in the US city of San Francisco.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl in Bristol.
If you want to be a video game maker, you have to start at the age of 11.
Bob Jungels won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Movistar's Gorka Izagirre retained the overall lead.
The rise in international visitors to the UK has been fuelled by the fall in the value of the pound.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is considering an application for the release of an Irish man who has been charged with inciting violence in Egypt.
A florist has been targeted by a phishing scam posing as a customer at her shop.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a bill to protect alleged rape victims from the cross-examination of lawyers.
Former Rangers youth coach David Durrant has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal Ladies have reached the Women's Super League One semi-finals for the first time in their history.
Cornish Reds head coach Paul Churcher says his side's front five led the way in their win over Chinnor.
It's been a really good year for me as a player-manager and a coach.
A leading candidate in the race to become the next leader of the UK Independence Party has been allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the main draw for the Nottingham Open.
The owner of a van Gogh painting hung in a cafe in London has said it is "not a known work" by the artist.
A new exhibition of the world's first living giraffe has opened in London.
The European Space Agency has delayed the launch of a rover on Mars until 2020.
Meet Katie, she's a runner who's been taking part in the London Marathon.
Tom Davies hit a century as Surrey beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's to reach the T20 Blast final.
Paris railway station has been evacuated after police launched a major security operation in the city.
Scientists have used 3D imaging to identify cancerous cells in the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai after heavy rains caused flooding.
It's been a busy week for the Democratic presidential race.
At least 10 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a group of vigilantes in north-eastern Nigeria, an MP has told the BBC.
There are still a few bills to deal with before the general election in May.
It is one of the most iconic buildings in the world.
Jess Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster ride.
Microsoft has teamed up with five Spanish telecommunications firms to build the world's highest-capacity sub-sea cable.
The Queen has attended New Year's Day church service at Sandringham in Norfolk, the first senior royals to attend the service.
The father of Edward Snowden, the former US intelligence contractor who leaked thousands of classified documents, has visited his son in Russia.
Scientists have developed a device that can safely transmit wireless power to a rabbit, using the same kind of electromagnetic wave as a cell phone.
Salford Red Devils full-back Tom Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured after a car overturned on the M4 in County Tyrone.
Cuban state media has said it is "disappointed" by President Donald Trump's new policy on relations with the island.
The number of cases of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot has reached a record high, Public Health Wales has said.
The death toll from a plane crash in Taiwan has risen to 12, officials say.
Two new species of magnolia have been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
A plan to improve the career prospects of carers has been unveiled by the Welsh government.
A Scottish astronaut has played bagpipes in space for the first time since his death in October.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" when he returns to training on Saturday.
England Under-19 midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Brondby.
A couple from Falkirk have scooped £35m in the Euromillions lottery jackpot.
The attacks in Brussels have been described as a "black day" for the city.
A former Soviet soldier has appeared in court in the US in connection with an attack on US forces in Afghanistan.
Plans to turn Perth's former concert hall into a hotel have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Mark Macphee is delighted Northern Ireland have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals despite missing out on a place in the group stage.
Badgers in England are to be vaccinated against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
The quality of urinary catheters in the UK has been "easy money", a leading doctor has said.
Chelsea striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Saturday.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two colognes named after revolutionary leaders Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez.
A Conservative councillor has resigned after a racist tweet was posted on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University needs to consider "specific and overarching issues" in the wake of an incident involving its medical students, a report has said.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world have visited the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in Poland.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
Formula 1 bosses have announced a series of major changes to the sport, including the return of refuelling for 2017.
A shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged after a car was stolen from the premises.
A man has been stabbed to death in a "violent incident" in North Lanarkshire, police have said.
The ejector seats of a jet that crashed on to the A27 in Sussex in August were not updated after it was retired from military service, a report has found.
There was a lot of talk on social media about Narendra Modi's performance at the UN World Yoga Day in New York.
A collection of old photographs from Liverpool's city centre has gone on display.
The University of Manchester has announced plans for a new £35m cancer research centre in Manchester.
Great Britain won the men's 10,000m at the Scottish National Track Championships in Glasgow, with Kenya's David Korir winning the women's race.
A fire has broken out at a Victorian mansion house in Edinburgh.
Wolves manager Paul Lambert has sent a "clear message" to his players about what their job is on the field, says defender Gylfi Bodvarsson.
The demolition of a former factory in Foyle, County Londonderry, has begun.
A man who stabbed a man to death and stole a TV, games console and a number of guitars has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a fall in half-year profits, but said it remains "confident" of its outlook for the current year.
A reunion and exhibition is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of Ipswich Airport's closure.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing vessel crashed into a wind turbine off the coast of Cumbria.
A three-year-old boy has been reunited with his lost lion toy after it was returned to his father's home.
The idea that soldiers are living in trenches all the time is "shocking", according to a new study.
The British Deaf Association has called for the introduction of sign language in Northern Ireland.
Scientists are trying to map the brains of babies before they are born.
Wayne Rooney is England's greatest goalscorer, according to former captain Frank Lampard.
A car has crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
For many European leaders, the UK's vote to leave the EU is a referendum on their future.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead in a street.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work to supplement the family income.
Demolition of a Denbighshire hospital has been delayed because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in commodity prices and the US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged.
Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to lead a review of the student support system in Scotland.
SeaWorld has been given permission to expand its orca tank in San Diego.
It's been a busy Christmas for the English Football League.
Derbyshire have released all three of their players, including James Milnes, Liam Lewis and Adam McKay.
The number of first-time buyers buying homes in the UK has fallen to its lowest level in more than a year, according to a survey.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives' M4 group has said he is "confident" a public inquiry will be held into the proposed M4 relief road.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
If you're a new user of Twitter, you might want to check your notifications before you log back in.
Liverpool reached the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a stunning victory over Borussia Dortmund at Anfield.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the title track for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said she will launch a legal challenge against the Northern Ireland secretary.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by a shipping company.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should be banned for two years after testing positive for anabolic steroids, says former world champion Martina Minichiello.
Girls and boys are to be recruited to sing in Gloucester Cathedral for the first time.
Great Britain's women have been knocked out of the Women's Hockey World League after losing 3-2 to North Korea in overtime.
Haiti is still reeling from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew.
Skyscanner has reported a rise in revenues and bookings for the second half of the year.
The first all-new car factory in the West Midlands has opened.
Four men have been arrested in connection with a shooting in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the significance of the United Nations.
The value of the pound has fallen by more than a third since the start of the year.
A new distillery in the Scottish Borders is to be built with the aim of creating up to 100 jobs.
BBC Radio 1 is to move its Official Chart Show from Sunday to Friday evenings for the first time in five years.
Tens of thousands of people are dying every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will be "the dominant force" in tennis going forward if he stays fit and healthy, says former world number one Mark Henman.
Michael Higgins won his first ranking title with a 6-6 win over Mark Bingham in the final of the World Championship.
Sleep deprived students in the UK are more likely to be sleep deprived than in the US, a study suggests.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has been greeted shoulder to shoulder with park police on his first day in office.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation after an allegation of historical child abuse at the club in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Powys have been submitted to Powys council.
Newcastle United striker Jonny Evans and Newcastle midfielder N'Golo Cisse have been charged with spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car at a party in south London.
Cardiff City midfielder David Hoilett says he was "100% ready" to work under Neil Warnock.
The RMT union has said any notion that profits are being siphoned off from ScotRail is a "fantasy".
Former Ireland batsman Kate Shillington has retired from one-day internationals after her side were beaten by South Africa in their World Twenty20 qualifier.
West Ham referee Mike Dean has been criticised for his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Manchester United, with former players calling him "disgraceful".
The number of prosecutions dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, figures show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of the FA Cup final against Chelsea.
Four of Wales' seven health boards have gone into deficit, according to the latest figures from the Welsh Government.
South African gymnast Adam MacKenzie has signed a new contract with Great Britain, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2020 Olympics.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after another woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected in April.
A man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in the conflict, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling will sign a new two-year contract with the club.
There's been a lot of talk about hot weather in the UK this week.
A minimum price for alcohol in England and Wales is the most cost-effective way of reducing alcohol harm, according to a public health review.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show after more than 20 years in the role.
The Scottish government has made payments totalling Â£343m to farmers and crofters, the agriculture minister has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from teaching after being convicted of driving, alcohol, drugs, harassment and fraud offences.
Fans of Nintendo's Switch console have complained of "stuck or dead pixels" in the middle of the screen, the company has said.
Carl Frampton will defend his IBF world featherweight title against Leo Santa Cruz on Saturday night.
A bus lane in central Lancashire has been put on hold until a review is carried out.
Sean Ervine hit a career-best century as Hampshire dominated day two against Somerset at Taunton.
Photographer Stella O'Dowd has been documenting the impact of neon on the lives of young people in Saudi Arabia.
More than 5% of people accessing Google every day have been caught out by malicious extensions, according to research.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no desire" to revisit the question of becoming a republic.
Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as Newcastle beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
The idea of turning professional is a dream come true for many British fighters.
Theresa May has been campaigning in the West Midlands and Yorkshire, as the polls suggest Labour will win the general election.
A film about the life of a Tibetan monk has been screened in Dumfries.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for the elderly in England.
A teenager has gone on trial accused of causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving.
There is "no compelling evidence" a tumble dryer caused a fire which killed two men, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned its personnel from drinking and driving on the Japanese island of Okinawa, after a sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
John Bercow has been elected Speaker of the House of Commons for the first time in more than a decade.
Gangnam Style star Psy has changed the way his video is viewed on YouTube.
Widnes Vikings moved into the Super League play-off places with a bonus-point win over Castleford Tigers.
Doctors in Ukraine have given birth to a baby girl using DNA from three people.
A Cumbrian hospital trust has been placed in special measures following a review of its services.
Gareth O'Brien's late drop-goal earned Salford a dramatic Super League final win over Hull KR.
When Chilla Bangsa graduated from a Turkish lycee school in the Indonesian city of Nairobi, she was excited.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to the Championship for the first time in their history as they were beaten by Brentford.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables they have not tried at home, a survey suggests.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed into a garden in Stoke-on-Trent.
A captain of a container ship has been fined for having excess alcohol while on duty.
The choice of Mexico's central bank governor to lead the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has been hotly debated.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran, the UK government has announced.
Cambridge and Stevenage played out a goalless draw in League Two.
Star Wars actor Harrison Davis has said he is "shocked" after his caravan was stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to speak at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre (EICC) later this month.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that a ban on the wearing of full face veils in public is "justifiable in principle".
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with the display of a banner at Celtic's Scottish Cup win over Rangers.
Footage has emerged of a shopper hitting a woman with a packet of bacon in Greater Manchester.
At a house in La Paz in Bolivia's north-eastern state of La Plata, the owner of a documentary called The Execution of Alfredo Jauregui, Niki Cappa found a box of film.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in eight years.
An Isle of Wight MP has been asked to stand down as the Conservative Party's parliamentary candidate in the general election.
Do you know what it takes to become a WWE Superstar?
The popular mobile game Flappy Bird has been removed from the market.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Brighton to protest against the rising number of people drowning on the English Channel.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to help the Queen in her duties as head of state.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the French Open with a straight-set win over Milos Raonic.
The South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been cleared of murdering his girlfriend by hitting a toilet door with a cricket bat, a court has heard.
The World War Two conflict in Afghanistan was one of the most devastating in the history of the country.