More one-bedroom flats are being built in Wales to help homeless people, a charity has said.
A man has been arrested after firearms and ammunition were seized in Edinburgh.
Four people have appeared in court in Chicago accused of beating a black teenager in a video made for Facebook Live.
West Bromwich Albion's director of youth development has announced he will retire at the end of the season.
A five-day fasting diet can reverse the progression of type 1 and type 2 diabetes, according to US scientists.
Should there be a merger between two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers?
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Class programme.
When Kareem Badr opened his first comedy club in the US, he joked that people laughed.
BT's share price hit a record high on Tuesday after the regulator Ofcom said it would not be breaking up the company.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of taking charge of his side in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Aberdeen at Hampden Park.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of undergraduate and postgraduate places by 1,010.
An NHS trust has apologised after the wrong patient information leaflets were added to hospital appointment letters.
Shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry has defended Labour's stance on the UK's exit from the European Union, saying the party is trying to find a compromise.
Torquay United captain Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Kieran O'Kane to Bournemouth.
A man found dead in the Menai Strait could have been suicidal if police had been allowed to visit him, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Jordan Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has called on the US government to make access to climate change data inaccessible.
The Specials drummer Brad Bradbury has died at the age of 69.
Tiger Woods is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Former England striker Geraint Cole has warned he faces a "long road" to recovery from a kidney transplant.
Internet providers in Pakistan have been told to block access to YouTube after Google lifted a ban on the site.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Joe Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Liam Doull says it was "unbelievable" to win Olympic gold for Great Britain in Rio.
At least 20 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
All images are copyrighted.
Hong Kong's securities regulator has fined Royal Bank of Scotland $1.2bn (£1.1bn) for its role in the rigging of the yen and euro interest rates.
The Baftas have always been a big night for acting, but this year's ceremony was no exception.
Andy Murray's remarkable run of form has come at a cost.
A South African rapper has been shot dead in the capital, Pretoria, police say.
A shot has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, prompting a police investigation.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill produced a disappointing performance in the heptathlon at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Sweden.
The former Virgin Racing team has collapsed into administration.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has risen to 228.
Have you got a question about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100?
A teenager from Northumberland has been named the UK's best alternative model.
A statue of a Royal Marine from the Falklands War is to be moved to a new museum in Portsmouth after more than 1,800 people signed a petition against it.
A man has appeared in court charged with breaching a key part of the UK's terror control order, the BBC has learned.
Former Sussex fast bowler Paul Anyon has been appointed head coach of the women's side.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ryan Brown on a one-year deal.
In the past few years, Disney's Cinderella films have been relegated to the box office.
Last year, Ukraine won the Eurovision Song Contest.
When The Beatles played the Cavern Club in Liverpool in the early 1970s, they were the first punk band to play in the city.
South Africa's government has proposed raising the national minimum wage to 12,000 rand ($1; Â£1).
The death of Ethiopia's former military ruler, Meles Zenawi, has triggered a political crisis in the Horn region.
Azhar Ali hit his first Test century as Australia beat Pakistan by six wickets in Melbourne to take a 2-0 lead in the three-Test series.
The SNP has won the Midlothian West by-election.
Russia has said it will continue its air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo despite the US refusal to co-operate.
Scarlets have signed Llandovery and Wales Under-18 internationals Liam Hughes and Rhys Evans on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia, accusing Moscow of interfering in the US election.
Labour's plan to scrap university tuition fees in England is a bolder move than any other in the party's history.
The final day of work at the Shoreham Air Show crash site is to be held on Friday, the fire service has said.
The former director of the FBI has said he is willing to share information he does not know with the president in an open hearing.
The Obamas have hosted a private party in New York, the White House has confirmed.
A number of roads in County Antrim have been closed to allow police to investigate suspicious activity.
Mental health is a very important issue for many of us, and we need to be aware of the importance of food in our lives.
The publisher of To Kill A Mockingbird has reopened an investigation into whether she consented to the release of a second book.
The US has suspended talks with Russia in Geneva aimed at improving the humanitarian situation in Syria, the US says.
London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan has won the race to be the UK's first Muslim mayor.
A children's choir has posted a video of themselves auditioning for a new vicar after a Facebook advert went viral.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks after breaking his leg in Sunday's Premier League win over Everton.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen has died, police say.
A passenger plane has been hit by a drone near the final approach to an airport in Devon.
A seal has been rescued after it became entangled in netting in a Fife beach.
An archive of letters and sketches from the world's most famous author has been uncovered in Edinburgh.
Leeds City Council's John Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Ingalls Wilder says she's "frightened" by the prospect of appearing on BBC One's Later.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still be a Premier League player after undergoing cancer treatment.
Exeter City have reported a pre-tax profit of £1.6m for the financial year to the end of June 2015.
Paralympic champion Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole at a training centre.
Scottish businesses have reported a return to optimism in 2017, according to a survey by the Chambers of Commerce.
An inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales is likely to uncover "creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management", a judge has said.
New Zealand won the Webb Ellis Trophy for the first time in their history as they came from behind to beat South Africa in a rain-soaked match in Johannesburg.
A radar study is being carried out to "understand" why one of the world's tallest buildings has been struck by lightning twice in its history.
Inditex, the owner of Zara, has reported a rise in full-year profits, helped by a strong performance in its online stores.
Lady Gaga's performance at the Super Bowl on Sunday will be one of the biggest in the history of the event.
Victims of Rochdale's gang of paedophiles are still being ignored by police, a victim has said.
A department store in central London has been closed for a second day after a burst water main caused it to sink.
A growing number of comments on the US government's website about net neutrality have been posted online.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club needs to improve its facilities if they are to compete in the Premiership.
Moana has topped the US box office on its first weekend of release.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Cincinnati Open with a straight-set win over Laura Robson.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being stabbed in Lisburn, County Antrim.
Scientists in France say they have identified the species of bat that carried the Ebola virus from the death of a four-year-old boy in Guinea in 2014.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he is unsure if his wife will be able to play at the World Championship.
Work to remove a section of a Grade ll pier from the Isle of Wight has been halted by councillors.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge against the construction of flats at Oxford University.
A school trust has written to parents warning them of the impact of cuts to its finances.
Plans to create national parks in Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo could displace millions of people, a report says.
Human remains have been found on a motorway slip road in West Sussex, police have said.
Russia's Andrei Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's middleweight with a unanimous points victory over Colombia's Javier Martinez in Rio.
University support staff in England are to stage a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate plans to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire.
Japan legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with FC Tokyo.
Indian security forces have clashed with protesters in the Indian-administered Kashmir valley to mark the first anniversary of the death of a prominent militant.
The outcome of the UK's vote to leave the European Union is likely to have a significant impact on global financial stability.
Sale Sharks forward Nick Easter has left the Premiership club to take up a teaching position at a college.
A health board has apologised to the family of patients who died after being treated like animals at a mental health unit.
A County Londonderry man who inflicted "gratuitous violence" on two people has been jailed.
American Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after testing positive for a banned substance.
A partner at a pharmaceutical firm has said he is "at a loss" after a man admitted conspiring to supply cocaine.
Transport police in Scotland are to begin using Tasers when confronted with a genuine threat, the BBC has learned.
Steel engineering firm ID Systems has secured a £1.5m loan and equity from UKSE to create 100 new jobs.
A Brazilian footballer who was on board a plane that crashed in Colombia on Friday has been discharged from hospital after undergoing surgery.
Former TV presenter Peter Robinson has criticised Highways England's plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge.
Everton secured their place in the Europa League group stage with a comfortable win over Wolfsburg.
Bristol Rovers defender Tom Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London.
It's one of the most deadly cancers in men, and it's one that has long been under-diagnosed.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Wasps beat bottom-of-the-table Worcester at Twickenham.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in a gun attack on a museum in the capital on Friday, officials say.
New satellite images have revealed the extent of the destruction of Mosul airport by so-called Islamic State (IS).
The main rail line between London and Reading is to be closed for the Easter break in a bid to avoid a repeat of last year's closure.
A company has been granted a permit to drill for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Online retail giant Amazon is to start recording sales made in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy as part of a crackdown on tax avoidance.
Junior doctors are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United have extended the loan spell of Oxford United midfielder Liam Kenny until the end of the season.
A Dorset college has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the Department for Education to upgrade its buildings.
The Football Association's chief executive is to meet the family of ex-footballer Jeff Astle to discuss head injuries and concussions.
The average wealth gap between the rich and the poor is about $50m (£40m), according to a leading financial adviser.
Sale Sharks have signed teenage scrum-half Tom and Jordi Denison on a two-year deal.
Police are appealing for information after a man was sexually assaulted in the centre of Glasgow.
The UN Security Council has rejected an Egyptian proposal to hold a review of the world's nuclear arsenals.
A moratorium on fracking in Wales is contrary to the UK government's support for the technology, the Welsh government has said.
Tyson Fury's decision to pull out of his world heavyweight title rematch with Bermane Stiverne because of depression is not a surprise.
England head coach Eddie Jones is confident he has enough experienced players in his squad for the autumn Tests.
A large collection of paintings by a Northumberland Fusiliers soldier has gone on display for the first time.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football is not a surprise, according to former Celtic manager Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a fence in County Durham.
Workers at Crown Post Offices in London are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and pensions.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party has admitted that he made a mistake when he said he would rather go to the SDLP or Sinn FÃ©in than the DUP.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than £1m.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a "great opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland in the wake of the Brexit vote.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley says the club's recent run of form is a sign of the quality of players.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of demands imposed on Qatar by four Arab states.
UKIP leadership hopeful Ched Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader.
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, have arrested a taxi driver for allegedly raping a woman.
Welsh football fans were still singing the national anthem as they watched their team reach the semi-finals of Euro 2016.
Renfrewshire has been named as the 10 most deprived areas in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Paul Cassells and Paul Scrimgeour won the men's lightweight double sculls title at the Rotterdam International Rowing Championships.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock and Airdrieonians midfielder James Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner's injury-time penalty gave Swansea victory over Liverpool and ended Francesco Guidolin's reign as manager of the Premier League champions.
The Irish Rugby Board (IRB) has issued a statement after Sam Chalmers was caught taking steroids.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of the TRNSMT music festival in Strathallan on Saturday.
North Korea has said it has restarted operations at its Yongbyon nuclear plant, the first such move since the 1950-1953 Korean War.
Human bones found during a search for a missing man have been identified as those of a man believed to have been shot dead.
If you want to know what the 'Mad Doctor' has in store for you, listen to BBC Radio Leeds.
Isobel and Ciecilia Joyce led Ireland to a seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe in their opening Women's World Twenty20 qualifier.
The daughter of a man who died after being mistakenly fed a pill at a hospital in Essex has said she is "angry" that no improvement has been made.
Mark Cavendish became the first British rider to reach the Olympic quarter-finals as he finished sixth in the qualification race.
Northern Ireland's health minister has said an extra £100m will be allocated to emergency departments and waiting lists.
Facebook has rejected a fresh lawsuit brought by the Winklevosses against Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of the social network.
A 15-year-old girl has been killed in a hit-and-run crash.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known spies.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee United striker Ryan Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier who was arrested over phone-hacking allegations has been released without charge, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
A care home has been rated "unsatisfactory" by inspectors for its care and support.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was reported to police in north London.
More than 50,000 properties in Lancashire have been left without power after a power cut.
A High Court judge has quashed a government refusal to approve plans for more than 1,000 homes on a former horse racing track.
Local businesses have called for compensation after the Valu-4-U ferry has run aground.
Lille have signed Tunisia international midfielder Adama Sliti for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been on a tour of the International Space Station.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A civilian aircraft has landed at Prestwick Airport after being intercepted by RAF Typhoons.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after bomb disposal officers were sent to a Birmingham shopping centre.
The 2016 European Championship will be the biggest tournament in the history of international football.
Great Britain will face Greece in their final warm-up game before the start of EuroBasket 2017 in London on Friday.
Wales' hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were beaten by Australia in Sydney.
Scotland's players want to give Vern Cotter a "good send off" before Saturday's opening day Six Nations match, says fly-half Dan Strauss.
The former head of the CIA, David Petraeus, has said the Iraqi military must be more involved in its fight against Islamic State (IS).
The personal details of more than 1,000 people have been accessed in a cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council website.
Syrian government forces have launched a major offensive against rebels in the north-western province of Hama.
Instagram, the photo-sharing platform that has become one of the world's most popular social networks, has announced that it is launching its own adverts.
Dexter Hall is one of 12 nominees for the Hyundai Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been cleared of sexually assaulting a male prisoner more than 20 years ago.
New Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called for cross-party consensus on Brexit.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called on the home secretary to ensure there will be no criminal prosecutions.
Trolls who post "grossly offensive" images of themselves and their children could face prosecution under new laws.
Faizan was a typical boy in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four bids have been shortlisted for the contract to run the rail network in Wales.
BBC Scotland's Doric presenter Robbie MacLeod is to step down from the show after 35 years.
Carlisle United manager Chris Coleman has criticised the League Two club for "shifting the rules" by allowing his side to play at another ground.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a fake bomb was found in a toilet at Old Trafford.
League Two side Accrington Stanley beat League Two Preston North End in extra time to reach the EFL Cup third round.
A man who went to a cat charity shop to pick up his tools has said he has been offered £100 by a magazine and a dog charity.
Scotland's Lizzie Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after pleading guilty to a bank fraud.
Books of condolence are to be opened in the Irish city of Limerick to mark the death of Sir Terry Wogan.
The Scottish and UK political leaders have clashed over the future of orders for new frigates at the Govan and Scotstoun shipyards.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and his Republican rivals clashed in a heated debate in South Carolina.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time, beating Russia and Australia.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at a beach where five men died after getting into difficulty while on holiday.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is "one of the best managers I have played under", according to the club's captain Gary Osman.
Canadian police have arrested 10 suspected members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group after they left the country.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Hull City defender James Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The government has said it will spend an extra £500m a year on treating foreign nationals visiting the UK.
Belfast Giants moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 4-3 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
The last steam locomotive to run on the East Coast mainline has arrived in London.
A man who claims he was sexually abused at a school in East Yorkshire has been awarded compensation.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has topped the UK and Irish box office in its first weekend of release.
Olympic gold medallist Jade Williamson says she is "back to life" after a serious crash at the European Championships in Rotterdam.
The gap in life expectancies between men and women is closing, according to a new study.
The chief executive of England and Wales' police and crime commissioners has resigned after appearing on BBC Radio 4's Question Time.
In the wake of Moody's downgrade of China's credit rating, one of the world's most influential economists, Stephen King, has issued a warning about the dangers of the country's debt.
Plans for a £1bn super sewer in London will have to change the price incentives if they are to be approved, a leading expert has claimed.
The operator of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A Chinese passenger plane has been forced to make an emergency landing at Sydney airport after an engine problem.
The family of a two-year-old girl who was refused entry to the UK because of her husband's low income have said they are "very hopeful" she will be allowed to stay.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team ice hockey league could help Scotland's youth development.
The electoral commission in Democratic Republic of Congo has appointed former opposition leader Joseph Kabila as interim president.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored his first Wycombe Wanderers goal as the Chairboys beat Exeter to move into the League Two play-off places.
Journalists at Australia's largest newspaper group, Fairfax Media, have gone on strike in a row over job cuts.
Jockey Marquand could be a champion jockey one day, according to his trainer Richard Hannon.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks after the release of three of their hostages.
Blackburn Rovers midfielder Michael Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for allegedly pushing referee Paul Alcock.
Octopuses are more aggressive than previously thought, according to a new study.
England's Laura Robson has signed a contract extension until the end of the 2017 season.
Human rights workers in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they have found the remains of more than 1,000 people buried in a cemetery in the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint Southampton manager Ronald Koeman as their new manager.
The government's White Paper on housing has been a breath of fresh air.
At least six people have been killed and several injured in a bomb attack by Kurdish militants in northern Iraq, the Turkish army says.
A body has been found in woods in North Lanarkshire.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi is the world's most expensive player, worth £150m, according to a new study.
Germany's Solar Impulse, the world's largest single-seater aeroplane, has left its home port of Nanjing.
A police and crime commissioner who was suspended for visiting a murder victim's family has been cleared of wrongdoing.
Tributes have been paid to US actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore on US TV series Gilmore Girls.
Paul McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-0 win over Ukraine in Belfast was a "special moment" as they secured a place in the last 16 of Euro 2016.
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected by the Supreme Court.
The daughter of a woman stabbed to death by her husband has spoken of her "devastation" at not being able to look after her father.
A series of high-profile US detainees in North Korea over the past five years has been compiled by the BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul.
South Korea's education minister has expressed "deep regret" after a mistake in one of the questions on the national high school test.
Rugby league club All Golds have held talks with the owners of their home ground in Gloucester.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to "isolate and ostracise" him from his family.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been named in the Great Britain cycling team for the Tour of Britain.
The chief executive of a charity has admitted fraud and money laundering.
A woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has said she was beaten up with a stick and a stick by a group of women.
Turkey has summoned the US ambassador over comments it has made about Kurdish forces in northern Syria.
Mae'r Eglwys yng Nghymru wedi cael ei anfon gan yr Esgob Llanelwy, yn ôl a pheidio rheoli'r broses yn yr Esgobaeth.
Toshiba has said it is in talks with banks to raise funds to help it cut costs.
England batsman James Anderson says his side would "lose 2-0" if they lost to Pakistan in the fourth Test.
British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland says he was "disappointed" by Henry Ford's omission from his side.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland midfielder James Hodson on a season-long loan from MK Dons.
A relic from the Highland Clearances has been donated to a museum in Inverness.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death in his home in Northern Ireland has been jailed for life.
The illegal sale of guns and ammunition on the dark web has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man who used to be the world's heaviest has had surgery to remove his excess skin.
A new class of drugs has been shown to block the growth of prostate cancer cells, according to scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research.
The Europa League will be played on the same night as the Champions League last-16 tie between Barcelona and Benfica on Wednesday, 8 March.
Teachers should discuss the issue of female genital mutilation (FGM) with parents, a teachers' group has said.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City are unlikely to return to the Championship if they are relegated from the Premier League, according to former defender Alan Curtis.
Welsh students who do not pay their university tuition fees in 2017-18 are more likely to repay their loans than those who do, according to figures.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of posing as a pilot in the cockpit of a Lufthansa plane.
Theresa May has said too many people coming to the UK as husbands and wives are not learning English.
The number of children in working families in Wales in poverty has risen by 40% in the past five years, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for travelling to their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day.
More than 2,000 pupils have returned to school in Guinea following the reopening of all schools.
(Close): London's leading shares have continued to fall, with the FTSE 100 closing down for the second day in a row.
The sister of a County Tyrone teenager who was murdered by a "thoroughly evil" killer has appealed for information about her killer.
A former Russian prime minister has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silence encouragement" after a controversial video appeared on social media.
Louis van Gaal may have joked that he had to pick three centre-backs to beat Arsenal because he did not want his team to score in the first half.
Craft brewer BrewDog has raised more than £50m to fund expansion plans in the United States.
Tata Steel has agreed to allow workers to strike in a dispute over pensions.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of the K-cup coffee pods, has been bought by a private equity firm.
A university has apologised after a poster saying Jennifer Lawrence wished she had used a password-protected phone number was posted online.
A man has been stabbed to death in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side's lack of international selection is not a surprise.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after completing a 38-game unbeaten run.
Plans for a new student accommodation at the University of Aberdeen have been put on hold until the end of the academic year.
A council has said it is "really, really disappointed" after a TV show featuring a Paw Patrol character was cancelled.
Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton & Hove Albion boss Colin Calderwood as their new manager.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he is relishing the chance to play for the British and Irish Lions.
England's performance against Scotland was very good.
Great Britain's men's 400m relay team were disqualified from the World Championships after failing to qualify for the final.
Two people have been seriously injured in a crash between a bus and a car in Fife.
A 25-year-old man has died after being hit by a forklift truck in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says she has been inspired by her trainer Virgil van Dijk as she prepares for her professional debut.
The nuclear deal between Iran and the world's biggest powers is being discussed in Vienna - the first such deal since World War Two.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Michael Drumm has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with fraud and money laundering.
Malagasy blues singer Lala Njava is one of Africa's best-known musicians.
Myanmar has been a country of contrasts for decades.
Ivan Kuznetsov is a really good guy.
Teenagers in the UK have said they are glad the voting age has been lowered.
Fernando Alonso's exit from McLaren was the biggest blow to Mercedes boss Toto Wolff's hopes of winning the world title.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, a study suggests.
Firefighters have rescued four people from a beach in Weston-super-Mare.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he has changed his mind on a bill which would make assisted suicide legal in England and Wales.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision", says Gary Lineker.
Rescue teams in Bangladesh are trying to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of a garment factory that collapsed in the capital Dhaka, officials say.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic won the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history, beating Aberdeen 3-0 at Hampden.
The death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive Polonium 210, has been described as one of the most remarkable and sensitive murder cases in modern times.
A health board has been fined £154,054 for failing to pay for a charity challenge to raise awareness of organ donation.
An elderly woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi.
A man is to stand trial accused of helping victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu considers the challenges facing Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been told to demolish it or face jail.
The first trams have opened to the public in Nottingham after years of delays caused by the construction of two new stations.
Vans used for a DIY SOS project have been stolen as part of a series of thefts in the West Midlands.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for the year to the end of December, as the price of oil continued to fall.
EE and Three are the best mobile operators in the UK, according to a study.
A man who stole a rollercoaster from a homeless accommodation in Dumfries has been given a community order.
When the demolition of Vila Uniao, a neighbourhood in Rio de Janeiro, was announced in 2012, it was the city's biggest ever eviction.
An ageing nuclear reactor could be allowed to run for up to eight years, the nuclear regulator has said.
A US man who shot dead Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe has been criticised on social media for not doing enough to protect the animal.
A Scotch whisky distillery is celebrating its 200th anniversary on Islay.
Painting artist John Hockney has told an inquest how acid severely burned his friend's throat before perforating his stomach.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has won a silver medal at the Rio Olympics.
A flight from Edinburgh to Chicago was forced to make an emergency landing after a fuel leak.
The Great City Games is to be held in Manchester this week, following the Manchester Arena attack.
The government spent £8.3bn on converting 203 state schools in England to academies in the two years to March 2012, a report says.
When Russell Knox arrived at the Royal Birkdale Golf Club on Wednesday morning, he was greeted with a mixture of excitement and relief.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over its handling of the case.
Police in Rio have arrested a senior member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with a corruption investigation.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
The draw for the first round of the Carabao Cup has been revised following technical issues.
A baby marmoset that was stolen from a zoo in Australia has been reunited with its mother.
Women spies are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The leader of the UK's largest Muslim group has paid tribute to the victims of the Westminster terror attack.
Singer Charlotte Powell has announced she has given birth to a baby girl.
A lorry driver who caused the deaths of two men in a crash has been jailed for eight years.
A Belfast woman who had to have surgery to remove her gender identity has spoken of her relief after receiving the help she needed.
Astronomers have discovered a baby Jupiter - the largest planet in our Solar System.
Thousands of anti-nuclear campaigners have set up camp in Newport ahead of the Nato summit in the city.
A man has been arrested in connection with a cyber-attack on Kate Middleton's iCloud account.
Police are investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against Polish nationals in London and Cambridgeshire.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and London Irish flanker Rob McCusker on a two-year deal.
Gunmen have attacked a motorcade carrying more than 250,000 euros (£200,000; $300,000) in cash and documents in Paris.
The words 'woman in a man's world' are often used to describe professional athletes.
More than 2,600 telephone customers and broadband customers in Orkney were left without services after problems with a radio transmitter.
Pupils at a convent school have been told they will no longer be able to attend their prom because of the financial strain.
Mohamed is a 23-year-old man who works as a security guard at a football stadium in Turkey.
Lincoln City have parted company with chief executive Gary Porter after six years in the role.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted to being "crystal-faced" at the State of the Union speech in January.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has resigned, saying he has "left nothing in the tank".
Labour has accused the Conservatives of using personal attacks as a "core component" of its general election campaign.
Police have appealed for information about a taxi driver they want to speak to in connection with an attempted kidnap in Derby.
A food truck is to become the first in Scotland to take on more than 1,000 former gang members who have made a commitment to change their lives.
A man who raped a woman in Cessnock more than 20 years ago has been named by police.
Police in the US city of Dallas have tightened security at the city's police headquarters.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy via social media has been jailed for 13 years.
Samantha is set to become the first Briton ever to set foot on the International Space Station.
A councillor has been warned she faces a High Court injunction for taking part in protests against tree removal works in Sheffield.
Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas says he is "completely behind" boss Dave Brailsford.
Snap, the company behind Snapchat, has revealed details about its new augmented reality glasses.
Guinea-Bissau have agreed to pay the outstanding bonuses of their players for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations.
David Cameron has backed plans to expand grammar schools in Kent, saying it is "very important" that all good schools are allowed to expand.
José Holebas was sent off as Bristol City came from behind to beat Watford at Vicarage Road.
Prisoners who were locked in their cells for three days have been allowed to return to work.
England batsman Joe Root says coach Peter Moores has given him the "best" of his career.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann says he has no doubt his side can reach the League One play-offs.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to build more than 1,000 homes on a former quarry site in Kent.
A rail line which was closed for more than a month after it collapsed has reopened.
A detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against and victimised after he found a monkey on a colleague's desk has agreed to pay compensation.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said that journalists will be killed if they do not do anything wrong.
A surfer has died after being attacked by a great white shark in Western Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a kayak at a lifeboat event in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's most diversified economies.
There is "no other realistic candidate" for the "many and terrible injuries" that led to the death of a toddler, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat St Johnstone.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend in a "violent" attack.
Three firefighters who rescued a man trapped in a crushed car have said they are "delighted" he is alive.
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, has announced that 1,500 more officers will be in place in England and Wales by 2017.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial electoral reform bill.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in banking and energy shares.
A man who killed a three-year-old boy in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed for eight years.
Double Paralympic gold medallists Hannah Cox, Hannah Peacock and Rebecca Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the London 2012 Games.
An Afghan man who says he was sexually assaulted by his wife has said he has been threatened with suicide.
A man who broke into his girlfriend's home and threatened to kill her has been jailed for six months.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset's hopes of a draw were dented by rain.
Newport County manager Mike Flynn's first game in charge ended in defeat as Mickey Demetriou's late free-kick secured victory over Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England beat Guinea 4-1 in their opening Group B match at the Confederations Cup.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned after posting a picture of herself with three flags in the Rochester and Strood constituency.
Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter is suing his record label over the way they are paid for their music.
A delegation of Scottish oil and gas companies has arrived in Myanmar for a trade mission.
The Dominican Republic's border with Haiti is one of the poorest places in Latin America, but the Catholic Church has played a key role in the migration crisis.
A tower block in Surrey is to be doubled in size to cope with rising demand for school places.
Nelson Linganzi has signed a new contract with Portsmouth, with the option of a further year.
Ulster have been boosted by the news that Mark Henderson and Tommy Bowe will be available for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre.
Plans to turn a Brecon Beacons pub into a convenience store have been approved by councillors.
Aberdeen came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and move up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees from the Middle East.
A group of leading scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to reconsider its decision to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops.
A school has been accused of breaching its uniform policy after a Muslim woman was asked to wear a headscarf.
A man who defrauded the government out of more than £40,000 has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his great-grandfather in a car crash in Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
When I arrived in Canada for the Women's World Cup, I was delighted to see a record crowd of more than 2,000.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said he is "very disappointed" by Nigel Hamilton's suggestion that he could have done a better job than Sir David Attenborough.
Jose Mourinho says his Manchester United side's performance against Chelsea was "less than you think".
A review into the quality of care for older people in Wales is to be launched.
S4C has appointed Rhys Evans as its new leader.
Mae'r etholiad cyffredinol wedi dweud eu gorau i lesteirio amserlen y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
A new project is being launched to investigate claims of as-yet undescribed human remains.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho's case against the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has been dropped after Uefa found it was "inadequate" for him to test positive for a banned substance.
The UK should be the first country in the world to introduce genetically modified (GM) crops, according to a report.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called for the resignation of the military's chief of staff.
A review into the future of Welsh broadcaster S4C is under way, the Welsh government has said.
A major engineering project to upgrade the railway tunnel at Glasgow's Queen Street Station will cause disruption to train services.
Liverpool owner Mohed al Hasawi has agreed to sell his stake in the club to a United States consortium.
The latest GCSE results show that the proportion of top A* to C grades in England has fallen to its lowest level since records began.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economic outlook is "dreadful" and warned of a sudden pull-back in capital flows.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the Republican presidential debate by Fox News, the network has announced.
Leicester Tigers have signed Bristol wing Ellis Genge on loan until the end of the season.
The chancellor has reassured staff at the DVLA that the introduction of a direct debit scheme will not lead to job losses.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says better wickets are the only way they can improve the quality of the County Championship games.
If you're looking for a place to live next to Facebook's headquarters in Silicon Valley, you might want to think again.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 12-year-old Bailey at an Aberdeen school.
League One side Walsall have signed Carlisle United left-back Ryan McShane on a two-year deal.
Three men have been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death at a Notting Hill Carnival.
What about the euphoria?
The Sykes-Picot map, which was drawn by British and French diplomats in the early 19th Century, has been lost forever.
Celtic winger Scott Roberts says he has no regrets about his move from Manchester City to Celtic.
Premier League clubs have more than doubled their spending on agents' fees for the 2016-17 season, according to new figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford and Plymouth defender David Gilmartin and ex-Plymouth Argyle goalkeeper Ryan Brill.
Dingledine, the man behind the Tor web anonymity software, has been criticised for his "blasé" attitude.
A man killed his wife in a shotgun attack at their home, an inquest has heard.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" on the opening day of their Euro 2016 qualifier against Malta.
Bury extended their lead at the top of League One to nine points with victory over struggling Coventry.
The Australian government has said 46 Vietnamese refugees who came to Australia from Vietnam have been returned to the country.
Marc Marquez won the MotoGP title for the first time in his career with a thrilling victory in Jerez.
Olympic silver medallist Katie Glover hopes she and coxless partner Polly Swann can work together again at the World Championships in Amsterdam in August.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of "ditching" the party's commitment to fairness.
China's industrial output grew at its fastest pace in three months in April, according to a closely watched survey.
Microsoft's research labs are making a big difference to the way we interact with computers.
The results of the general election in Wales have been announced.
National League side Hartlepool United have signed Mansfield Town striker Aaron Tshibola on loan until the end of the season and Mansfield Stags striker Jake Bingham on loan.
Voting has begun in the Merseyside general election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Belfast to raise awareness of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer has announced plans to close its factory with the loss of more than 230 jobs.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping and assaulting a woman in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the island of Rockall as its territory in 1955.
The Beatles' manager has been recognised for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life 50 years on.
League Two side Alfreton Town have signed midfielder Ryan Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has set out its strategy for tackling climate change.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has put a brave face on the Conservatives' plan to generate a surplus in the next parliament.
Sophie Raworth is to return to BBC Two's Watchdog as a journalist.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) says it will take legal action against the head of Fifa's electoral committee if he does not withdraw from next month's presidential election.
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a schoolgirl more than 30 years ago.
BBC spending in England and Wales rose by more than 20% in the two years to the end of June, according to the corporation.
World number one Ding Junhui beat world number one Mark Williams 10-6 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US says it will continue to press Bahrain on its human rights concerns after lifting restrictions on its citizens.
A ticket signed by The Beatles at one of their most famous gigs is to be auctioned.
The quality of support for care leavers in England is "poor and worsening", says a report by MPs.
Schools and colleges should be forced to promote "fundamental British values", a teachers' union has said.
A body has been found in the search for a missing Cardiff man.
Oscar-nominated actor David Oyelowo has hit back at Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured".
The law protecting vulnerable people in care homes and hospitals in England and Wales is failing them unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
When Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979, she was hailed as the "mother of modern finance".
BP and GDF Suez have discovered a new oil and gas discovery in the North Sea.
Red Bull have rejected a potential engine deal with Mercedes because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive.
More than 1,000 passengers on a cruise ship that ran aground off the coast of the US have been returned to their homes.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over London Irish.
Guernsey's Planning Department has launched a public consultation on where to build housing and employment in the island.
A screening of Slumdog Millionaire will be held in the Scottish village of Kingussie later.
Chris Trescothick and James Trego hit centuries as Somerset fought back to beat Middlesex on day two of their County Championship match.
A government report into the "Trojan Horse" Islamist takeover of Birmingham schools has found evidence of a "co-ordinated agenda to impose an intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos".
Venezuela's parliament has been hit by power cuts, with the chamber briefly shut down.
A woman in Hanoi, Vietnam, has become the first person in the world to give a cash gift for medical treatment.
Argentina has said it will prosecute five British oil companies operating in the Falkland Islands.
Two brothers who became England regulars when they were teenagers have been remembered as "big lads" by their former club's chairman.
An Italian woman who has lived for more than 90 years has died aged 112.
Scarlets head coach Steve Owens believes Racing 92 are the best team in Europe.
Widnes Vikings moved up to second in Super League with a hard-fought victory over St Helens.
A boxer who was ineligible to compete for Team Wales has said she will never return to the sport.
Maria Sharapova's return to the top of the women's game was a huge success in Stuttgart.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat world number one Naomi Osaka in straight sets to win the Aegon International in Birmingham.
Falkirk manager Neil Houston is keen to sign a young striker before the end of the season.
French President Francois Hollande has called for the EU to be "effective where it is needed" and to withdraw from "where it is not necessary".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of "wilfully dishonest" over his party's record on immigration.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds of government money is to be used to fund weekly bin collections in England.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered the remains of some of the world's most important prehistoric sites.
Sam Walsh kicked a last-gasp try as Hull FC beat Catalans Dragons to reach the second round of the Challenge Cup.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal songs, including a cover of Don Quixote's La Mancha.
New Cardiff City boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been sacked after seven months in charge of the Championship club.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he will not repeat the mistakes that led to the club's relegation from the Premier League.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Rennie has been re-elected.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a Scottish inn linked to the Royals.
Stephen Copoc was a father-of-two from Garston, Liverpool, who travelled to Hillsborough with his brother Peter Copoc, who also travelled with him.
A US military officer in the Philippines has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a transgender woman.
Ian Fleming says players should be banned from tennis if they are found to be involved in match-fixing.
The US military is considering transferring Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison to treat her gender dysphoria, a Pentagon spokesman has said.
David Cameron is to meet Iain Duncan Smith in Downing Street later to discuss his resignation as Conservative leader.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the South Korean Open in the second round.
For many people, the idea of taking time out of their day to draw for their grandchildren was a dream come true.
Mercedes dominated final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix, with Kimi Raikkonen set the pace.
St Johnstone have signed Kyle McClean from Perth United for an undisclosed fee.
Disney is one of the biggest companies in the world, but the company's fortunes have changed dramatically in the last few years.
The number of students who have been accepted on to university courses through clearing has risen to 437,070.
The use of phosphorus to boost agricultural production is set to increase by 80% by 2050.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has called for a ban on foreign investment in the country's housing market.
A 12-year-old boy has had a liver transplant after a 12-month wait, his grandmother has said.
A woman who conned a charity out of Â£2,000 to pay for a charity trip to Tanzania has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A police officer who sexually abused a teenage girl has been jailed for six years.
ScotRail has agreed an in-principle deal with the RMT union to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A humpback whale has been spotted off the Fife coast, prompting a warning from police.
Portsmouth Panthers beat Sheffield Devils 4-1 in the Elite League play-off final to keep alive their hopes of a third consecutive Elite League title.
Former Miss America Helen Williams has received an apology from the pageant's chief executive after she was asked to resign in 1984.
Four Royal Navy warships that served in World War Two are to be saved from the scrapyard, the BBC understands.
A company has submitted a business case for a proposed interconnector between the Western Isles and mainland Scotland.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been released after more than two years in captivity.
Goals from Jack Grigg and Ben Marshall helped Wigan to a comfortable win over Blackburn at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to be hospitalised than non-diabetic children, according to research.
Nottingham Forest were held to a draw by Preston North End in the Championship.
The father of a Venezuelan protester shot dead by security forces has called on President Nicolás Maduro to clear his son's name.
The author of the Boston College oral history project has said he will not give up his personal memoirs.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a turkey rearing farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning thousands of people to Nigeria from Cameroon.
The family of a pupil who died after falling into a swimming pool have won a High Court battle over compensation.
The Gambia international striker Emmanuel Carayol says he turned down an invitation to play for Middlesbrough because it was not the right time for him.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, the electoral commission says.
Savings rates are at their lowest level for more than a decade, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
The Forth Bridge has been awarded World Heritage status by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association's statement on Thursday was all about the future of manager Gordon Strachan.
The planting of jatropha trees in deserts around the world could help curb climate change, according to a new study.
Scotland's political leaders have urged voters to stick with the SNP in the run-up to the general election.
The family of Burkina Faso's former president, Blaise Compaore, have asked the French authorities to declassify military documents to investigate his assassination.
A bridge in the southern Indian state of Goa has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
Edinburgh is the most congested city in the UK, according to a new report.
A man who secretly filmed women and children in a Falkirk shopping centre has been warned he faces a jail term.
Police in the Russian city of Edinburg have detained more than 100 people.
Hamilton Academical manager Tommy Wright says he will take "the hardest punishment" he can do with his players after they were sent off in the 2-2 draw with Hamilton.
Sam Smith has been nominated for six Grammy Awards, including best new artist.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was shot in a street.
A woman who hanged herself at a men's prison told her boyfriend she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose in the first three months of the year, according to new figures.
Eleven children have been injured after a trailer carrying them on a school trip overturned on Carver's Hollow.
Andy Murray is on course to become Great Britain's Davis Cup captain on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his fight against Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service at Rome's Colosseum to highlight the persecution of Christians.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to report the name of the gunman who killed 12 people at a cinema in Aurora, Colorado.
Bolivian authorities say they are prepared to fumigate a swarm of locusts that have killed more than 1,000 people.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland were comprehensively beaten by England in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Glasgow.
The emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought, according to new research.
A rare polar bear cub has been born at a Scottish wildlife park.
Chris Martin will replace Martin in the Honda team at this year's Isle of Man TT, the team have confirmed.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison after being cleared of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who was shot and later killed.
League One side Fleetwood were held to a goalless draw by League One Shrewsbury in the EFL Cup second round.
Louis Vuitton's "I love you" tweet has been retweeted more than three million times in less than a year.
A court in Chile has sentenced a German man to life in prison for his role in the creation of a communist-era commune.
MPs have been giving their views on Brexit, the EU referendum and other issues while campaigning for their new leader.
If you were in a fairground, there would be a time when you would be able to take on the man mountain.
A community-run pub has been named the best in the UK for its "community spirit".
Mexico's health ministry has launched an investigation into allegations of medical fraud in the state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) detector has detected a new type of super particle.
Gloucester City chairman John Hughes says he is "frustrated" by the club's decision to move out of Cheltenham.
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the Dunfermline Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was sexually assaulted by a man he had ordered to sell drugs has said he thought he was going to die.
A US soldier killed in an air strike by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria has been named by the Pentagon.
Zac Efron has been named best actress at the Critics' Choice Television Awards.
Torquay United have been forced to make one change to their starting line-up following the injury of striker Callum Spencer.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the Premier League squad for the rest of the season.
A dolphin has been rescued from the sea after it became trapped by tourists who wanted to photograph it.
Two men have been injured in an armed robbery in west Belfast.
A doctor in County Antrim is encouraging people to take part in a challenge to climb the highest mountain in Scotland.
Neeta Kewlani is a wheelchair-bound woman from Mumbai who lives in rural India.
Power has been restored to thousands of homes and businesses in Northern Ireland after an equipment fault.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south-east London.
Plans for a £1.5m cycle path in Manchester have been rejected by councillors.
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is "on watch", according to a report.
The former head of MI5 has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq increased the level of terrorist activity in the UK.
Many Clouds and The Last Samuri have been dropped from the starting line-up for this year's National Hunt.
The chief executive of the Education Authority has accused teachers in Northern Ireland of being "confused by misinformation".
The UK's largest zoo, the Zoological Society of London, has released its latest population figures.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has more than doubled in the past year, according to a BBC investigation.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a boy was found in a cellar in north-west Germany.
The Green Party is considering electoral reform ahead of the general election, its leader Caroline Lucas has said.
A Lincolnshire mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect".
A US gay rights activist has been hacked to death in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, as part of a series of attacks on gay activists.
Rule The World has been retired from the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are expected to arrive in Liberia this week.
A major search operation has been launched for a man reported missing from his home in Inverness.
Tributes have been paid to actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles as Eddie Yeats in Coronation Street.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has fallen for the first time in more than 40 years, according to new figures.
A major search is under way for a Scottish botanist who has gone missing in Vietnam.
UK fuel prices rose by 5.4p per litre in May compared with the same month last year, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
Oxford Brookes University has written to its residents asking them to "show consideration" to their neighbours after complaints about students sleeping in their homes.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) is celebrating the centenary of the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Arthur Miller.
A hospital has banned the public from visiting its accident and emergency department because of the norovirus outbreak.
A man has been charged in connection with an acid attack on two men.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance has been liquidated with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs, the European Court of Commerce has ruled.
Tens of thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital, Amman, against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah.
The killer of Milly Dowler, who was abducted and raped in 2002, may have had a police confession recorded in prison, it has been claimed.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the use of cannabis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes deserves "huge credit" for the club's recent success, according to former Rangers defender Stephen Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a move to the Champions League.
President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan has died at the age of 86.
A previously unreleased recording of Led Zeppelin's first live performance in 1970 has been released.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gwynedd Jones looks at the changes that have been made in Wales over the past century.
A female prison officer has been cut in the ear with a razor in Northern Ireland, the Prison Service has said.
Online shoppers are expected to return more than half of their Christmas gifts this week, according to the company that handles them.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has warned that the future of the health service is in doubt.
A schoolgirl who was seriously injured in a coach crash in Belgium has returned to school.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with a convincing victory over Motherwell.
Former Rangers midfielder John Daly says he would consider a move to Dundee United if he was offered a new deal.
Derby County moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Ipswich Town.
Oil prices have risen to their highest level in more than a year, boosted by rising demand from the US.
A Chinese man has been arrested on suspicion of speeding in a Fast and Furious-style race in Beijing, state media report.
Councils in England will soon be "black-spots" as a result of the government's Right to Buy scheme, Shelter has warned.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of Russian media.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands have been approved.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car carrying two children was stolen in Belfast.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ryan Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to take in 160,000 more migrants over the next two years as part of efforts to tackle the migrant crisis.
One of the founders of Northampton Town Football Club, David Cardoza, has been listed as a director of a company which has gone into administration.
It has been a week of high-profile criticism for Russia's most powerful man.
Haiti's former police chief Guy Philippe has appeared in court in the United States on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine.
Nurses are being offered free accommodation at three NHS sites in Surrey and Berkshire as part of a recruitment drive.
Police in India have arrested nine people in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the southern city of Mumbai.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French prosecutor for allegedly making a sex tape with a friend.
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed midfielder Ryan Chow on a two-year deal.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One of the County Championship with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire.
Thousands of people are taking part in Christmas Day swims in the sea, rivers and lidos.
Three Chinese weightlifters have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing doping tests.
The number of empty shops in Scotland has fallen for the first time in three years, according to a new report.
The UK will not be allowed to conduct bilateral talks with other members of the European Union after Brexit, the EU has said.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between the country's creditors and the European Union failed to reach a deal.
German airline Lufthansa has lost a legal bid to prevent a strike by its pilots.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have pleaded not guilty to a single charge after sewage leaked into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne is facing a "big turnaround" in the UK's public finances, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian side Liege on loan until the end of the season.
It has been a week of intense training for the British and Irish Lions.
Labour's Jeremy Hunt is calling for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
Up to 1,000 jobs are at risk at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations, the BBC understands.
The government should set a "bold new target" for delivering the fastest broadband in the UK by 2030, according to the Institute for Digital Development (IoD).
A large sculpture has been rescued from a river after it was mistaken for a man.
A man has been jailed for two years after being caught on camera grooming a teenage girl online.
Solihull secured their first National League win of the season with a hard-fought victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has pledged to take in 110,000 new refugees by the end of the year, in what he called a "crisis of epic proportion".
David Laws has said he is "extremely disappointed and upset" after being knocked down like ninepins by the Liberal Democrats.
Human remains have been unearthed at Brighton's Corn Exchange as part of a major restoration project.
Mae gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle wedi cael eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd.
A case worker is being appointed to help people affected by flooding in York, the city council has said.
A woman who was seriously injured in a bus crash at a hen party in Leeds has said she is lucky to be alive.
Police in Cuba have detained more than 100 activists who were protesting against the government's treatment of dissidents.
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose in March, according to new figures.
Police have issued a warning to tourists in Glasgow following a series of scam attempts to steal money from them.
The EU says it will not reopen its controversial trade deal with Canada, despite protests across Europe.
A chocolate maker has recreated the Battle of Trafalgar to mark the centenary of the battle.
A man had to be rescued 17 times after he had a cardiac arrest outside hospital.
Olympic gold medallist Hannah O'Neill led Great Britain's eight to victory in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships in Budapest.
The Kids Company charity has been accused of failing to protect vulnerable children from sexual exploitation.
A dog who has become a social media hit after being told to stay indoors has been given a new lease of life.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with victory over struggling Shrewsbury Town.
The new mayor of South Africa's Tshwane province has said he will stop buying new luxury cars.
The Unite union has said it is "confident" that the pensions of Bernard Matthews workers will be honoured after the firm was sold.
A man has been injured in an explosion at Beijing International Airport, state media say.
One person has been taken to hospital following a crash involving a tanker on the M4 in Cardiff.
He is one of the most famous Belgians in the history of football.
Dumfriesshire County Council has been given the go-ahead for a new emergency response centre.
Visitors to Legoland have been stuck in traffic for more than two hours.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" after being placed in special measures following an inspection.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.
A girl who was robbed at knifepoint has written an emotional letter to the thieves.
A teenager has been arrested after a machete was found during an altercation between two youths in south-east London.
Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined Major League Soccer side Phoenix Rising.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas.
A 20-year-old man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in New Zealand.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill will not compete at the 2020 Games in Tokyo, says her coach Michael Minichiello.
Will Miller scored a late equaliser as Wolves came from behind to beat Wolves at Molineux.
A pregnant mother and her young daughter were threatened with a gun during a burglary at their home in Manchester.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders rose by 23% in 2015 compared with the previous year, according to new figures.
Bhutan is one of the world's most isolated countries, with its own history and culture under threat.
Motherwell Ladies striker Grant believes Shelley Kerr is the best female head coach in British football.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the first time in more than a decade.
A community hospital in Flintshire could close under plans being considered by a health board.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon international striker Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly's first-half header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool.
The Welsh Assembly has voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite reservations.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and writer Nawara Negm explains how the internet has helped organise a sit-in in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
The SNP has won a by-election in Ayrshire.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven leading earthquake experts who were convicted of their role in a deadly disaster.
A drug that boosts the immune system can be used in combination with antibiotics, a study suggests.
A report into the sexual exploitation of children and young people in care has found that police failed to properly investigate the extent of the abuse.
Zombies are everywhere.
Rumba singer Ohene Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo after he was filmed urinating into the eyes of a Kenyan police officer.
Three convicted rapists have gone missing from a prison in Gloucestershire.
Brendan Rodgers has been appointed Celtic manager.
US rapper Kanye West has said he would like to create his own furniture for Ikea.
The British Airways (BAA) has apologised to passengers at Edinburgh Airport after a computer fault left passengers unable to board flights.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was taken to hospital with suspected cocaine-related offences.
Burma has declared a state of emergency in the restive state of Rakhine, which has been gripped by religious and ethnic violence since May.
Mafia members return to school a year earlier than their white-collar counterparts, a study suggests.
Salford Red Devils have signed Wigan Warriors full-back Tomkins on a three-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Airbus chief executive Eric Bregier has said the company would reconsider investment in the UK if the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The Kepler space telescope has confirmed the existence of a rocky planet orbiting a distant star.
The family of a 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire have paid tribute to him.
Poland goalkeeper Matej Boruc has retired from international football.
Two buildings which will be built in China to help fight pollution have been unveiled.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a place in the final of the 10m synchronised platform at the Rio Olympics.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley and book a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals.
A report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers.
A Norwich University student has been turned away from his home because of the Ebola outbreak.
The BBC's 10 o'clock News is to be extended from Monday to Thursday, the corporation has announced.
The Rugby Players' Association has warned that the current spate of sackings of coaches in the Premiership is not a "football-like" situation.
Craig Shakespeare's appointment as Leicester City manager is "almost out of order", according to former England midfielder Michael Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a woman who took her own life.
Sony, the world's biggest record producer, is to restart production of vinyl records in Japan.
A polar bear cub born at a Scottish wildlife park has been put on display for the first time.
Summer sunshine is a "safe balance" between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new powers to tackle non-violent extremism as part of its counter-extremism strategy.
Campaigners are calling for a new specialist centre for young men with a rare disease to be set up in Wales.
A bridge damaged in the Christmas floods is to be closed for more than two years.
Burns retained his WBC cruiserweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Carlos Beltran at the Scotstoun Arena.
Thousands of people have marched through the South African city of Durban to protest against xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a second floor flat, police have said.
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially "disapply" existing rules on when it announces the UK's membership of the European Union.
A pensioner who wants to spend Â£18,000 on a church hall roof is to receive his first payment from HM Revenue and Customs.
The Iron Age crannog estate in Monmouthshire is thought to be the oldest in Wales.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earned more than £150,000 last year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
It's almost 100 years since the end of World War One.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit the benefits of new EU migrants for up to four years.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed in East Sussex.
The Republican presidential candidates have clashed over their tax plans in their first televised debate.
A man has been found dead in his car in Birmingham.
Ukrainian troops have left the rebel-held town of Debaltseve, the president has said.
US rock band Revolution Radio have topped the album chart with their new album, Revolution Radio.
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock boss Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Turkey's military has dismissed more than 1,000 soldiers following last month's failed coup.
Councils in England are carrying out "urgent checks" of high-rise buildings in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of the SuperTed comic books, is to make a new film about one of the comic's most famous characters.
At least 11 Egyptian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia, the country's interior ministry has said.
A man who was stabbed in the neck by a suspected drug dealer has said he is "not ready" to leave his home.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the US Open at Erin Hills because of a back injury.
Exeter moved into the League Two play-off places with a narrow win over Cambridge.
The chief executive of Rolls-Royce has been branded a "scaremonger" by the Unite union for putting jobs at risk in Derby.
Pakistan's cricket team has been given "100% protection" from terrorism in the country, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said.
Scientists have discovered a way to stop a deadly fungus invading the body of birds.
A plane was struck by lightning while taking off from Manchester Airport.
Scientists have reconstructed the "central nervous system" of a new species of arthropod.
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a newborn baby.
A campaign has been launched to stop motorists using a stretch of road next to Stonehenge to get to Thruxton on a holiday.
The longest married couple in the UK are celebrating their 86th birthday.
Birmingham City have held talks with striker Jonny Caddis about his future, reports BBC Radio Birmingham.
England fast bowler James Johnson says he hopes to have the scars of Australia's Ashes defeat come back.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Team Sky retained the overall lead.
An Orange Hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
Three people have been killed and five seriously injured after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a music festival in South Africa.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on immigration, one of its MPs has said.
Seven fire engines could be scrapped in Suffolk as part of a £1.3m budget.
The FBI has expressed concern about Apple and Google's plans to enable encryption on their iOS operating systems.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has warned against the use of mini-drones in the fight against terrorism.
Northern Ireland is one of the best performing schools in Europe in maths and reading, according to a new study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Masters at Augusta.
The UK is considering whether to take military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Two care workers who pretended a frail woman fell from a bed and hit her head on a pillow have been given community orders.
One in five babies born in England in 2015 was born addicted to drugs, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Ant & Dec have apologised after some of the answers in their Saturday Night Takeaway card were wrong.
Security has been stepped up ahead of a Euro 2016 football match between Germany and the Netherlands in Berlin.
Animals' eyes are sensitive to flashes of light that appear in the night sky, according to new research.
US movie-maker Imax plans to list its shares on the Hong Kong stock exchange in a bid to boost its business in China.
Four teenagers who died in a road crash in Powys were "on a mission", an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been caught driving a "gold fleet" of luxury cars with parking tickets on their windscreen.
Liverpool Reds batsman Michael Gennett hit a career-best four-run home run in the Reds' 4-1 win over Baltimore on Saturday.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct charges.
Andy Murray secured his place in Great Britain's Davis Cup quarter-final against Japan with a straight-set win in Birmingham.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, saying the country is "turning around".
England footballer Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "wonderful wife" who has died after a short battle with cancer.
A search is under way for a missing woman who has been spotted on Dartmoor.
A man accused of murdering his great-grandfather was not psychotic at the time of the attack, a court has heard.
Peterborough United have sacked manager Graham Westley after Saturday's 2-0 League One defeat by Scunthorpe United.
The BBC Trust has announced that it has selected 21 areas in the UK to host a new local TV service.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a head injury while flying in formation.
Schools in India are buying a vegetarian book to teach children about the dangers of eating meat, according to a leading academic.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Bristol.
All images are copyrighted.
Russian athletes have been accused of trying to bribe doping control officers to take positive drugs samples.
The BBC News website looks at some of the best stories from the week in the news.
A judge in Brazil has charged one of President Dilma Rousseff's top advisers with corruption.
An international police agency has appealed for help in tracking down nine fugitives involved in wildlife crime.
Chinese shares fell on Wednesday after a closely watched survey showed the country's manufacturing sector contracted for the second month in a row.
Jono Gibbs has been appointed head coach of Ulster.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to "join Scottish Labour".
Two people have been rescued after falling from the summit of a mountain in the Scottish Highlands.
ChemChina, the world's biggest producer of pesticides and seeds, has been given the go-ahead to buy US chemicals giant Syngenta.
A man has been arrested in Sweden on suspicion of trying to commit a terrorist act in the capital, Stockholm.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves to move up to second in the Championship.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Newport County midfielder Ryan Pidgeley on a one-month loan deal.
UKIP is at a "crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to win back support, the party's campaign chairman Andy Banks has said.
Celtic's summer transfer window was dominated by the prospect of finishing in the bottom six of the Scottish Premiership.
Marta is not a shopper.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Ryan Davis on a free transfer.
Britain's David Grabarz won his second gold medal of the World Championships with a first-time clearance in the 1.80m.
Celtic lifted the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history with a stunning victory over Aberdeen at Hampden.
League One side Doncaster Rovers have signed former Northern Ireland defender Ryan Kettings on a two-year deal.
Five al-Qaeda suspects accused of plotting the 9/11 attacks have refused to answer questions during a hearing at the US military prison where they are being held.
Beyonce has been nominated for three Grammy Awards, including two for her album, Lemonade.
Plans for a new stadium in Truro and Falmouth have been branded an "empty promise" by the prime minister.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is in talks with Chelsea about a move to the Premier League club.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Dundee United striker James O'Shea on a season-long loan deal.
A Spitfire that crashed during World War Two killing its Australian pilot has failed to sell at auction.
Two major energy firms have announced plans to create jobs in Clydeside.
A baby boar has hatched at a Staffordshire castle.
The government's immigration cap has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a shortage of nurses, MPs have said.
The AA has reported a 1.5% rise in the number of car insurance breakdowns, as the insurance premium tax rises.
Former Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech, ex-Millwall defender Tomas Ward and ex-Hibernian defender Nicky Ward all use their spare time to spend with their cats.
Easter should be celebrated on the first Sunday after the spring equinox, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in air strikes by Russian-backed Syrian government forces on Islamic State targets in the city of Raqqa, activists say.
It's been described as one of the most beautiful towns in the UK.
Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Caton on a season-long loan from Shrewsbury Town.
A US appeals court has blocked President Donald Trump's temporary travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Hundreds of people have protested against plans to close five libraries in West Yorkshire.
Kieran Lee's late equaliser earned Burnley a point at Sheffield Wednesday, who missed the chance to go top of the Championship.
Greggs, the UK's biggest bakery chain, has reported a rise in sales and profits, helped by higher demand for its meal deals.
Johannes Jung won Great Britain's first medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the dressage on Sam, ridden by Japan's Yui Fischertakinou.
Wind farm developers in the UK will be able to sell part of their business to local communities under a new government plan.
A 46-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of two cats and a dog in Surrey.
A beach where a bodyboarder died after a river diverted has become "extremely dangerous", a council has said.
When you think of humpback whales, the first thing that strikes you is how tiny they are.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold for another month.
China's state media have reacted angrily to an international tribunal's ruling that China's claims in the South China Sea are illegal.
Asian shares fell on Wednesday after the US economy grew at its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in 2008.
David Warner hit a century as Australia and West Indies played out a draw in the third Test.
At least eight people have been killed and dozens more have been evacuated as floods continue to batter parts of Germany.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was seriously assaulted in Caernarfon.
Two teenagers have been arrested after knives and cannabis were seized from a street in east London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Kunle Adegbola looks at the rising popularity of cricket in Nigeria.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than previously thought, the governor of the Bank of England has warned.
Apple has reported a sharp rise in profits, helped by the launch of its iPad mini tablet PCs.
It has been more than 600 years since Prince Charles first visited the Welsh town of Holywell.
Formula 1 boss Nico Rosberg will be in Sao Paulo on Sunday for the opening race of the season.
A man accused of raping and sexually assaulting a student has been cleared of all charges.
Production at a Carmarthenshire chemical plant is to be phased out as part of a move to relocate production to the Netherlands.
A 1,400-year-old mystery surrounding Camelot has been solved.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is close to scoring again, according to manager Claudio Ranieri.
The Conservative Party is in the midst of one of its most turbulent periods in its history.
Nick Clegg has said the Conservatives will cut "much deeper than is necessary" to balance the books and make the poorest bear the heaviest burden.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by seven wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time in their history.
UKIP's new leader Paul Nuttall would be willing to give up one of his jobs if asked to quit, the party's AM for North Wales has said.
Residents of a street where Channel 4's Benefits Street was filmed have been offered advice on how to avoid unwanted advances.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (POA).
A man's letter to the National Trust has been shared more than 1,000 times after a mystery photographer took a photograph of his wife.
Ivory Coast's pharmaceutical authority has banned the use of whitening creams in the country.
The Lib Dems and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit.
More than 1,306 Islamic State (IS) militants were killed in UK air strikes in Iraq between 2 December 2015 and 2 December 2016, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Norwich International Airport has apologised after a hacker breached the airport's information website.
Plans to expand Skelmersdale have been approved.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found wrapped in tarpaulin and buried in a house.
When the Ukrainian authorities shut down the country's main medical centre last month, it was a shock to many doctors.
Wasps maintained their unbeaten home record this season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A woman has been seriously injured after a bus hit a tree in Edinburgh.
A South African man accused of plotting to murder his wife in their taxi has been cleared of her murder.
The company behind plans to drill for shale gas in Lancashire has said it will spend Â£50m on the project.
Mexico's attorney general has been sacked after an episode in which he tried to close down a restaurant that had been owned by his daughter.
Downing Street has said it is "excited" about the prospect of finding and restoring two RAF Spitfire planes buried in Burma.
Two climbers have been rescued from the top of a mountain in Gwynedd.
A controversial system which allows asylum seekers to be detained while awaiting hearings has been temporarily suspended.
It is tempting to think that the UK's new fiscal constitution will be a bit like the European Union's.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in woodland in Essex have been released.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock has announced plans to open a new factory in London as part of a drive to diversify its client base.
When James Watt and Martin Dickie decided to enter a bottled beer competition, they had no idea they would go on to become one of the UK's biggest brewers.
Sterling has fallen sharply against the dollar and the yen ahead of the UK's referendum on membership of the European Union.
A TV producer jailed for 17 years for trying to kill his partner has appealed against his conviction.
The body of a British man who died fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Syria has been flown back to the UK.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records is lawful.
League One side West Bromwich Albion have signed defender Anders Lindegaard on a season-long loan from West Brom.
Police have released a video showing how a dog was kept in kennels for two years before being destroyed.
There is "no glory in opposition", Labour MP Chuka Umunna has said.
A man died after being hit by a boat in Gwynedd, an inquest has heard.
The Islamic State (IS) group has sentenced 25 men to death for their role in the killing of more than 200 Shia recruits in Iraq in 2014.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by the Surfstitch Group, which owns the world's largest online weather forecasting service.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Colchester United moved into the League One play-off places with a win over Bradford City thanks to a second-half goal from Ryan Ambrose.
A team of archaeologists has built Neolithic huts at a Stonehenge nature reserve.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Britain's Tony Parker will fight Mexico's Carlos Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title in New Zealand on 10 December.
Pasg Hapus i chi'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley's suspension from international rugby will not prevent him from becoming England captain, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months says his son is in a coma.
It is a word that has never been uttered before.
A Mexican man accused of killing a US agent in 2010 has been extradited to the US.
The White House has condemned threats made to Jewish community centres in the US, saying they are "unacceptable".
If you look at the statistics of Saturday's Six Nations victory over Italy, you might be forgiven for thinking that it was the greatest win in the history of the game.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced that it will start using its artificial intelligence (AI) technology to develop cars.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect delays and cancellations as a strike by Network Rail signallers goes ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal have arrested a man they say was the leader of a gang who raped a nun in March.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution asking lawmakers not to use the Republic of Chile flag emoji when referring to the state's flag.
Premier League and NBC Universal have agreed a new three-year US television rights deal worth an estimated £100m a season.
Part of a road in Staffordshire is to be closed as part of a £1.5m project to improve water quality.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara to "strongly protest" at Russia's alleged violation of its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Steve Addicks says his side have shown improvement this season, despite being in the Premiership's bottom six.
Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough left-back Ben Davies until the end of the season.
Dutch cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been suspended for six months after being found to have a hidden motor in her bike.
Conor McGregor is a master of detail.
England prop Owen Farrell has been ruled out of Saturday's Test against Australia because of a hamstring injury.
A schoolgirl from Dumfries has launched a petition calling for a drug to be made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Lichfield have said they are "deserved" to be included in the Women's Super Rugby competition after being overlooked by the Rugby Football Union.
England Under-21s coach Gareth Ashworth has defended the decision not to call up any of his players for the European Championship.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby after being flagged down by a drunk driver has said it was one of the "most rewarding" jobs of his career.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and sexually assaulted by nine men has been jailed for six years.
A man who raped a teenage girl in a Cambridgeshire restaurant has been jailed for eight years.
Firefighters have been dealing with a blaze at a petrol station in Stirling.
More than 60 homes have been evacuated in Cambridgeshire as heavy rain continues to cause flooding.
A report into the disappearance of 43 Mexican trainee teachers in September has found no evidence that the bodies were incinerated.
The UK military is to send troops to Somalia to help with peacekeeping operations against the Islamist militant group al-Shabab.
A six-year-old girl who was seriously injured when an inflatable football was blown into a crowd has been told she will have surgery.
United States striker Abby Wambach will retire from international football at the end of the 2016-17 season.
Breastfeeding in developing countries is the worst record in the world, according to a new report.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Tom Kebble from Stormers.
Widnes Vikings head coach Alan Betts says his side are still doing "good things" despite their recent drop in form.
The Palace of Westminster has denied allegations that Prince Andrew sexually abused a woman in the 1990s.
Krystian Pearce scored twice as Mansfield came from behind to draw with York.
Two people have been arrested after a man was stabbed during a robbery in Brighton.
A Dundee man has been jailed for six years for coercing a woman into having sex with him.
Sheffield Wednesday have agreed a deal to sign Huddersfield Town striker Jordan Rhodes.
The first temporary school buildings have been built at a Lancashire school that was badly damaged in a fire.
Scarlets chief executive Jon Davies says he would like to see Wales' best players back in Wales.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beat Romania's Simona Halep to reach the semi-finals of the Wuhan Open.
A County Londonderry man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of burglars.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to undergo a major revamp as part of a multimillion-pound redevelopment.
Police in West Yorkshire have investigated more than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in the past year.
The driver of a truck carrying suspected illegal immigrants has been charged with the murder of at least 31 people in the US.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Jo Cox looks at her struggle to lose weight.
A collection of clothing and beauty products belonging to the Windrush generation is going on display at a Nottingham museum.
The government has been accused of "interference" in the BBC's day-to-day scheduling, amid claims the broadcaster could be forced to move programmes at the same time as rivals.
A disabled woman has said she was refused a taxi in Carmarthenshire because he told her to walk.
Europe's Philae comet lander has made contact with Earth for the first time in seven months, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
A police officer who was assaulted in a Glasgow pub has been arrested after he performed karaoke on the stage.
Johannes Viljoen took four wickets on his way to a six-wicket haul on the opening day of the County Championship match against Durham.
Sinn Féin has said it will take unilateral action if the government does not intervene in the crisis at Stormont.
Chris Buck took a career-best 11 wickets as Northamptonshire dominated Durham on day one of their County Championship match at The Oval.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a woman who has been missing for more than a week.
An advert for a conferencing company has been pulled after a complaint from a cancer charity.
Gary Madine scored twice as Bolton beat Sheffield United to reach the FA Cup third round.
Muslims in France are being offered a cup of tea to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Scottish fisheries have agreed a 5% increase in their cod quota for next year.
A pilot and his wife have been rescued after their plane crashed in the East Midlands.
For more than a century Swansea's canal has been a vital part of the city's history.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien have been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday.
Landlords in England will be able to evict migrants who have been convicted of housing offences under government plans.
Dutch justice minister Wilfried Opstelten has resigned after he was accused of lying about a payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Craig Swankie's stoppage-time strike gave Forfar Athletic a 2-2 draw at Cowdenbeath in Scottish League Two.
Plans for a housing development in Carrickbridge, County Antrim, have been rejected.
A norovirus outbreak has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
China has long been a country of fear.
Crocodile egg harvesting is a lucrative business in Australia.
A fleet of salt gritters has been put on the roads of Dumfries and Galloway for the first time since the service was suspended in April.
Ricky is a robot expert.
The mother of murdered toddler Liam Fee has said she was "shocked, totally shocked" when she heard the couple had been convicted of his murder.
Plans for a new paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the government.
Thousands of migrants and refugees have moved out of the "container camp" in the French port city of Calais, officials have told the BBC.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a stabbing in a town centre.
Plans to merge Wales' eight councils have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£56.4bn) in cash and stock.
A man who was sexually abused as a child has criticised the Scottish government's handling of the inquiry into child abuse.
A group of Russian bikers banned from entering Poland over their alleged links to Ukraine has withdrawn its plans.
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa captain after the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew by 0.9% in the March quarter compared with the same period last year, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most iconic birds.
Force India have signed Mexican driver Sergio Perez on a two-year deal from next season.
A mother in west London has been ordered to keep her son home from school for six months.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Italian Open.
A charity is calling for a new clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Cardiff.
Scientists have produced a new class of plastic that can be reused, rather than thrown away.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to the founder of start-up firm Tech Talent, David Woodford.
A new gin distillery has opened in the Scottish Borders.
A fire at a Nottingham lace-making factory that killed more than 100 people is being treated as arson.
Men are more likely to die than women in the early fifties, according to official figures.
A Michigan college student has been charged with hazing a fellow student after allegedly eating peanut butter in his mouth.
Norway's prime minister has turned down a request to relocate one of the world's highest peaks to Finland.
The Scottish economy is likely to grow at a slower rate than last year, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he was asked to be secretary of state by President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed for help in tracing a woman who was late for her wedding after a motorway bridge collapsed.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A campaign has been launched to raise funds to create sculptures at the National Memorial Arboretum.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the BBC that the country's political process has stalled.
A man has been found guilty of armed robbery after CCTV footage of him was released of him being caught on camera.
The National Police Association (NBPA) says it is "very, very concerned" about the way senior police officers deal with race issues.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old copper coins found in County Down has been described as a "euphoric" discovery.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being rescued from the sea in Newcastle.
A British man who was killed in a crash in Thailand has been charged with causing her death by dangerous driving.
A woman who murdered a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack has been jailed for life.
There is a sense of optimism about the economy ahead of the Budget.
England midfielder Luke Shaw has been named in the England squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has left Holyrood after delivering his valedictory address.
Three US hospitals have been hit by a ransomware attack that forced them to shut down their computer systems after paying a ransom to unlock files.
We want you to be part of our BodyPositive community this year.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter should resign, David Cameron has said.
A restaurant in the Spanish city of El Pais has been evacuated after a group of diners left in a stampede, its manager has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures.
Frenchman Esteban Ocon has joined Mercedes for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A care home in Dumfries and Galloway has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Dog owners are used to saying things in a different way to their pets.
Three men have been found guilty of murdering a rival drug dealer in a turf war in Rhyl.
Bristol Rovers defender Isaac Akpan has been banned for two games after being found guilty of a Football Association charge of dangerous conduct.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City secured their first Championship win of the season as they came from behind to beat Cardiff City.
Adam Voges and Ravi Malan hit centuries as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season against Hampshire.
Plans to cut the cost of infant formula have been criticised by a mother whose son has a cow's milk allergy.
Touchscreens can be a source of nasty smears, but there are ways that you can keep them away from those smears.
A Cardiff student who needs a stem cell transplant to save her life says she is overwhelmed by the response to her appeal.
An Australian toddler who was born with a rare form of twinning has been successfully removed from her pelvis.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a housing complex in Fife.
Boreham Wood have re-signed defender Paul McShane on a one-year contract.
It is Ladies' Day in Liverpool and it is a day that many women in the city are looking forward to.
An inquest into the death of a woman who was refused a critical care operation at a Nottingham hospital has found there is a "risk" of future deaths.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
England head coach Trevor Bayliss believes one-day cricket is "a funny game".
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Tommy Wright beat Michael van Gerwen to win the World Championship for the first time in his career.
What do Northern Ireland politicians think about the prospect of the UK leaving the European Union?
Scotland captain Scott Greer says he is open to a move to another Championship club, but is unsure where he will end up next.
Defence is one of the most important issues for many voters.
Lord Avebury, the Liberal Democrat MP for Orpington, has died at the age of 87.
The number of new council homes sold in Scotland has risen by 17% in the past year, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and could lead the Conservative Party one day, Lord Heseltine has warned.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's services.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £16m in compensation for injuries they suffered in the workplace last year.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is being discussed by the European Commission and the US Federal Trade Commission.
Bristol head coach Rob Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach.
Germany's trade deficit widened in November to €1.2bn (£1.1bn) as exports fell and factory production fell, official figures show.
A Red Cross volunteer who witnessed a jet crash in which 11 men died has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours list.
The regulator of public companies, the Financial Reporting Council (FRC), should "get stronger", former chief executive Sir Adrian Cadbury has said.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled at a ceremony in Oswestry, West Yorkshire.
When Russian President Vladimir Putin met French far-right leader Marine Le Pen at the Elysee Palace in Paris in February, he told her: "We want to help you."
The Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships and training in Wales by 2020.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its headquarters out of the UK after the vote to leave the European Union.
A sex offender who was convicted of child sex offences has been jailed for 35 months.
A police officer has been recommended to receive a disciplinary sanction after he was arrested and searched in a garden in north Belfast.
Aljaz Bedene and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Grand Slam title with a straight-set win at the Miami Open.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to beat South Africa in their final World Cup warm-up match.
Gatwick Airport has promised to pay compensation to residents affected by the expansion of its runway if the project goes ahead.
League Two side Carlisle United have signed defender Pedro on a one-month loan deal.
Boris Johnson is one of the most charismatic politicians in British politics.
Crewe Alexandra have signed Bury striker Tom Lowe on a one-month loan deal.
A British woman jailed in Malaysia for taking indecent photos of herself at a peak in the north-east of the country has left the country.
Ethiopia is one of Africa's most prosperous countries, but it is also one of the poorest.
At the family home in the Syrian town of Kobane, near the Turkish border, the families cry.
A memorial to aircrew killed in action has been damaged in a series of break-ins at Lincoln's Bomber Command Centre.
Northampton Town have agreed a deal with the county council to avoid a £10.25m debt.
Shares in two of Hong Kong's biggest technology firms have fallen sharply after they were suspended from trading.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 MPs to his front bench, including eight from the black and minority ethnic community.
The Premier League's decision to freeze or even reduce ticket prices for the first time in its history has been welcomed by many.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined for taking selfies with lions at a national park.
A prisoner who was due to appear in court on charges of assaulting two schoolboys has died in prison.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV has more than doubled in the past year, a report says.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of "ruthlessly raiding" the budget for free schools in England.
Police have launched an investigation into the conduct of Tower Hamlets mayoral election.
It was 12 months ago that the Copper Box Arena in London was transformed into the Olympic Park.
Castleford Tigers full-back Ben Chase says he is in the best shape he has ever been after signing a new contract.
Great Britain's men's 4x400m relay team have moved into bronze at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in Beijing.
The number of cups of coffee people drink could be linked to the amount of caffeine they drink, a study suggests.
Thailand has formally invited Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn to succeed his father as king.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has announced that Peter Robinson has withdrawn from the race to be its next leader.
The One Show host Carli Jones has said she will miss Cardiff when she returns to the city for the Champions League final.
The Bishop of Cork has said he supports same-sex marriage in the Church of Ireland.
A man's body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has been fined in the US for illegally exporting epoxy coating to Pakistan.
The new Ghostbusters movie is set to be made by Sony Pictures.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London during the Bank Holiday weekend are being warned to expect delays.
Thousands of people have rallied in Spain's Catalonia region in a show of support for independence.
Prince Harry has revealed that he was surprised to find a Christmas hat on his head during a visit to Africa.
Singapore has banned the use of online taxi booking services, in a move that has been criticised by the company.
Steven Finn will replace James Anderson as England's opening batsman in the first Test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
A police dog who was shot in the head during a robbery in north London has been described as a hero.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Moray.
A week-long protest in the US city of Ferguson has ended after four people were shot dead at a police camp.
The leader of Lesotho's unity government has said he has been removed from control by the army.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a "campaign of political harassment" after his office was burgled.
A campaign is being launched to stop the building of pylons in the Lake District.
In July 1995, the United British Legion (UBELONG) sent a tank full of tanks to Hanoi, Vietnam, to mark the 20th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War.
A state of emergency has been lifted in the US city of Baltimore, hours after the death of a black man.
League One side MK Dons have signed Aberdeen midfielder Ryan Quinn on a season-long loan deal.
Nottingham Forest eased to victory over Birmingham City despite defender Michael Bendtner suffering a serious knee injury.
Lancashire batsman Alviro Petersen hit his second first-class century of the season on day two of their County Championship match against Worcestershire at Lord's.
(Close): US stocks closed little changed on Tuesday after the release of emails from Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
David Cameron has said he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake".
Sebastian Coe has died at the age of 72.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Kamdjo on a one-year deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from all football activity for two years by Fifa.
A witness has told a murder trial that he thought it was a burglary before a man was attacked with sulphuric acid.
Vauxhall is recalling more than 280,000 of its Zafira cars after a number of them caught fire.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have clashed over the rules of the US presidential nominating process.
Star Wars fans have been given the chance to fight with lightsabers for the first time in the UK.
A man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry in South Ayrshire.
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to drill for oil in the Chukchi Sea.
A 26-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after a woman was shot dead at his home in Johannesburg.
Turkey's government has blocked access to Tor, one of the world's most popular internet services, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Luis Suarez has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Rugby union has long been a popular sport in Japan.
Islamic State (IS) militants have retaken control of the ancient city of Palmyra in northern Syria, officials say.
A Co-op has apologised after a sign was painted over with the word "wrong".
I've been talking to former Leicester Tigers director of rugby Steve Guscott about the importance of the game between the two clubs.
Thousands of workers in Nottingham have been spared a £2m parking charge under a council-backed scheme.
Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes Rafael Benitez has given him more control of the club.
Celtic striker Scott Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to leave the club to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans to transform one of Ceredigion's most recognisable buildings into a "cultural quarter" have been unveiled.
Voters in England who do not have ID will be required to show it at local elections under government plans.
Andrew Mullaney's unbeaten century helped Nottinghamshire take control against Surrey on day two at Trent Bridge.
The family of a paralysed man who died at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland have said he was "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him".
A petition calling for better road safety for horses has been submitted to the Welsh assembly.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has been named the best book of the year by the Ministry of Defence.
Deaf students in England are facing a "loss of hope" after the government announced cuts to disability allowances.
A Women's Institute (WI) writer has described being asked to cover up place names at a fair as "grotesque".
Ireland scrum-half Vernon Stander says there will be no extra protection for Conor Murray at Murrayfield on Saturday.
Women who are overweight or obese are to be recruited to help reduce their risk of recurrence of breast cancer, in a trial in Germany.
Leonardo Goretzka scored twice as Germany beat Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup final.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has become the first person to complete 27 marathons in South Africa.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side's 2-0 win over Ipswich Town was crucial in their fight to avoid relegation.
Crotone celebrated their first Serie A win of the season with a 3-1 victory over Lazio, despite having Bastos sent off.
Sherlock Holmes star Matthew Ritchie is to star in a remake of the TV series The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria's economy has fallen into recession for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Wednesday, boosted by a rally in the energy sector.
Nicholas George Winton was one of the world's most successful Holocaust survivors.
A record number of prisoners were released in error in England and Wales last year, according to new figures.
Prince George is to be commemorated on a new £5 coin, the Royal Mint has announced.
The Great Exhibition of the North is to be held in Gateshead next year, organisers have announced.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her 19-year-old son in Dublin.
Juventus kept alive their hopes of winning the Serie A title with a comfortable win over 10-man Crotone.
Newcastle United won the Championship title for the first time in their history with victory over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed at a supermarket.
When I first heard the debate about Yorkshire's future in the 1960s, I was quite surprised.
Barratt Homes for the East of Scotland has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Edinburgh.
Great Britain's Kat Page won Olympic gold in the women's trampoline at Rio 2016.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester beat Liverpool to move six points clear at the top of the Premier League.
People are being urged to document the use of ritual symbols in medieval houses and churches in the run-up to Halloween.
A tall tower at Didcot power station has collapsed, prompting a number of people to take to social media to check it out.
A ferry service between Sandown and Southsea could be extended to the Isle of Wight, according to travel company Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey has fallen to its lowest level since 1987.
The director of Titanic Belfast has said Northern Ireland's tourism industry needs to be "grown up" to handle the influx of visitors.
A man who admitted killing a fellow inmate in a mental health unit in Brighton has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire next year.
Barnet extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Hartlepool.
Sunderland midfielder Jermaine Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Christian Harnik has been ruled out of the rest of the World Cup qualifiers against Serbia and Montenegro.
Nottingham Forest manager Claude Montanier says the League Cup is the only way to qualify for the Europa League.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with the aircraft.
The number of people visiting a Yorkshire sculpture park for the first time since it was installed last year has risen by 170%.
German footballer Thomas Hitzlsperger has come out as gay.
The PSNI has launched an investigation into all deaths linked to a paramilitary paramilitary unit in Northern Ireland.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town to protect young people from anti-social behaviour.
A professional boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for beating his girlfriend to death in her flat.
Kenneth Bae, who was held in a North Korean labour camp for more than two years, has been returned to the US, US officials say.
Two of the UK's most famous seaside piers are being put up for sale.
South Africa have confirmed that head coach Domingo will leave the country at the end of the season.
Some of the UK's biggest ISPs have not done enough to protect their websites following the TalkTalk hack, a BBC investigation has found.
Online gambling firms are being accused of breaking consumer law by failing to protect punters from losing money.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in the Euro 2016 qualifier against Poland was disappointing.
Electrical stimulation can improve the ability of people to solve maths puzzles, according to scientists at Cardiff University.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Bradford has been named by police.
Documents leaked by a former US intelligence contractor show that the US government has access to millions of phone records.
Rory McIlroy says he is "not feeling great" ahead of the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire batsman Ian Bell has announced his retirement from international cricket.
The mayor of the French city of Nice, Marine Cazeneuve, has been questioned on the phone over the Nice truck attack.
Lewis Hamilton said it was a "very, very odd weekend" as he struggled to win the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye, who was once a loyalist to Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, is one of the country's most prominent opposition politicians.
A Cardiff man has said he has been attacked by a colony of tube web spiders.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for 2016.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a street in north Belfast.
A Nobel laureate has apologised for saying he had trouble with girls in the lab, saying it was "a very stupid thing to do".
The number of people seeking help for social care in England has fallen to its lowest level since 2010, according to official figures.
A Bolivian air traffic control worker has written to the Brazilian authorities to accuse her superiors of a cover-up over the Chapecoense football team's plane crash in 2014.
A group of members of a cult in China have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a McDonald's worker.
Katy Perry has hit back at Taylor Swift, saying: "There are bigger fish to fry."
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay in support of the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield have parted company with director of football Steve Turner.
More than £500,000 has been spent on public procurement cards in the first three months of the year, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Plans for a new Scottish film studio have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Prue Leith is to leave BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 years.
Abdallah El Said's first-half goal earned Egypt a 1-0 win over Uganda in their opening Group D match at the Africa Cup of Nations.
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from taking their pets out for walks.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether Zimbabweans have had enough of the country's political turmoil.
The University of Stafford has announced it is to open its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
A number of people have been killed in a tsunami in Greenland, officials say.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A90 in County Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump "very shortly", the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department tried to force the FBI to change a Hillary Clinton email to unclassified, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the most expensive city in the world to live in terms of quality of life, according to a survey.
Gillingham manager Paul Pennock says he is happy with the club's new-look squad.
Video game publisher Lionsgate has struck a deal to release a wide range of video games on its Steam platform.
Mexican authorities say they have arrested eight people in connection with the escape of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman.
The completion of a new school in North Lanarkshire is unlikely to be completed until October, Highland Council has said.
The government has announced changes to the way small businesses are taxed.
The head of the Association of School and College Leaders has called on the government to make vocational subjects compulsory for all pupils.
Work has begun on Portsmouth's new naval base.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a man who has been missing from his home in Edinburgh.
Fishermen and anglers are being asked to report sightings of a rare shark off the coast of Wales.
Lava has been spewing out from a volcano in Hawaii, America.
RTÉ has failed in its bid to have an injunction against a Sinn Féin TD discharged.
Team Sky have withdrawn Colombian climber Sergio Henao from the Tour de France because of concerns about his performance.
The US says it has reached an agreement with the Czech government to free a man who was abducted while working in Syria.
A review into the murder of Pat Finucane has found that senior RUC officers were involved in a plot to kill him.
Scottish football is suffering from "poor headlines", according to the Professional Footballers' Association's chief executive Ian Wishart.
A Chicago police officer has pleaded not guilty to charges over the fatal shooting of a black teenager last year.
The Independent newspaper is to be scrapped as a print title, its owner has announced.
Newport County have rejected a bid from Gillingham for defender David Byrne.
A plastic fiver has been introduced to the back of all of Northern Ireland's bank notes.
An Australian man who went missing six days ago has told the BBC that he had to eat ants to survive.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side's lack of desire to challenge for the Premier League is a "big problem" after their 2-0 defeat at Liverpool.
Syrian government forces have recaptured a key district of Homs, state media report.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been questioned by police following an allegation that he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
Protesters in the eastern Russian region of Abkhazia have arrested the president of the region, accusing him of trying to destabilise the government.
The Indian Ministry of Railways (MoR) has been praised for helping a pregnant woman who asked for help for her baby daughter.
Pop group Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a new music video.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Leicester have all denied allegations made in the Sunday Times.
A campaign to have an elected mayor for south east Wales has failed to hit its target, a councillor has said.
Plans to close two of the UK's most important naval sites have been criticised as "brutal" and "unnecessary".
Nigeria's military says it has recaptured most of the schoolgirls abducted in a raid on a boarding school in north-eastern Borno state on Tuesday.
Ten men have been arrested in connection with a raid on a tobacco factory in Birmingham.
Surrey Police's handling of organised crime is "not good enough", the police watchdog has said.
The BBC's global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
The only surviving cholera store in the UK has been listed for the first time since the introduction of undertakers in the 1880s.
A cartoon depicting US President Donald Trump as Adolf Hitler has won the top prize at an exhibition in Iran.
Bernie Sanders has become the most popular Democratic candidate in the US presidential election.
Port Vale beat West Bromwich Albion to record their first win of the season.
League Two side Colchester United have signed midfielder Ryan Keane on a season-long loan from Norwich City.
A woman has been injured in a burglary at a farm house in Aberdeenshire.
Leading figures from across the political spectrum have been reacting to the death of six people in a car crash in Glasgow.
England secured their place in the final of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a 24-22 win over New Zealand.
The M4 has been closed in Northamptonshire after a lorry overturned.
The Serpentine Gallery in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
Sinn Féin's leader in Northern Ireland has said there is an "urgent need" for an effective executive to be in place.
A Scottish engineering firm has secured £1.5m in funding from the Scottish government.
Police investigating the murder of an 82-year-old woman in her Edinburgh home have appealed for help to find her killer.
Chilean authorities have declared a state of emergency in the country to try to contain a series of devastating forest fires.
The US and Israel have clashed over plans to build more than 1,000 homes in settlements in the occupied West Bank.
A couple who were arrested at the Eurotunnel have been told they should return home, a judge has ruled.
A statue of Mary Macarthur, the woman who led the women chainmakers, has been unveiled in a Black Country park.
More than 1,000 Kenyan Muslim youth who joined militant groups in the past year are now returning home, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
Two 14-year-old boys have been arrested in connection with the sharing of indecent images of themselves and others on social media.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two soldiers and injuring three others in revenge for bullying.
Toyota is to invest £100m in its engine plant in Derbyshire ahead of Brexit.
More public money is needed to protect grassroots football facilities in Wales, the chief executive of the governing body has said.
South Africa's leader of the opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) has announced she will step down from the post after more than two years in power.
British middleweight champion Nick Eubank Jr has offered to give his father a British title belt in a "goodwill gesture".
A couple in the US state of Alaska have been left devastated after a police error led to the death of their son.
League One side Queens Park Rangers have signed left-back Ben Davies on loan from Hull City until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament's role in Brexit should not be overruled by Westminster, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Antrim.
The family of Gerry Adams have said claims that he was involved in the murder of IRA spy John Donaldson are "absolute nonsense".
A memorial plaque has been unveiled to a World War Two soldier who was forced to deal with the sick and starving at a Nazi concentration camp.
A suspicious device has been found on a road in Londonderry.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as title rival Lewis Hamilton struggled with a hydraulic problem.
A Ceredigion nursery has been closed after a child was left unattended on a minibus for two hours.
The owner of the B&Q chain in the UK has agreed to sell its stake in the retailer in China.
Canada has failed to clinch a trade deal with the European Union after a regional assembly in Belgium rejected it.
Survivors of the Aberfanwick coal disaster have been speaking at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Last Samuri is the favourite to win the Grand National for the second time in three years on Saturday.
Former British and European champion Michael McKenzie will make his professional debut in November after agreeing to fight for the vacant British middleweight title.
A rare marine bird has been photographed with plastic bags on a loch in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester.
Nottinghamshire has voted to leave the European Union, with a margin of just over 2,000 votes.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna to move up to second in Serie A.
Scotland's culture watchdog has criticised the Scottish government's handling of the Balado music festival.
Anthony Joshua has "George Foreman, Frank Bruno brutish strength" to be able to hold off a British fight, says former world heavyweight champion Neil Harrison.
The death of the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Jayaram Jayalalitha, has shocked the country.
Police investigating the discovery of human remains in a motorway embankment have said they are keeping an "open mind" over how the remains came to be found.
At least 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base, the Afghan army says.
It's been an incredible year for the British tennis team, and I'm really happy to be part of it.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is a small, cramped building in the centre of the Serbian capital.
New Falkirk manager Neil Houston says he is relishing the prospect of helping the Bairns reach the Scottish Championship play-offs.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Cornwall.
Mark Johnston scored a hat-trick as Kilcoo came from behind to beat Scotstown 1-13 to 0-13 in the All-Ireland Football final at Croke Park.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins is targeting a place in Great Britain's triathlon team despite being ruled out of Rio because of a chest infection.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny is expected to be the next leader of the Fine Gael party.
An inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been adjourned until October.
The US space agency has unveiled a new version of its Atlas and Delta rockets, which it says will be the most powerful in the world.
The death of one of the biggest rappers in the world has been ruled an accident.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Billy Saunders says he is investigating claims that striker Mame Diouf was involved in a sex attack before a match.
Derek McInnes insists Aberdeen are not daunted by the prospect of being underdogs in their Champions League qualifier against Maribor.
Defending champions Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will make their Ryder Cup debuts in the foursomes at Hazeltine.
Belfast is facing a shortage of grade A office space, according to property agents.
In the days following the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, Japan's nuclear safety agency upgraded the level of radiation released from the Fukushima Daiichi plant.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam while it was trying to find a missing person in Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips better than a human has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May has been telling the world that she wants to stay in the EU.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to avoid eating sugar cane toads.
England captain Waqar Younis says he has no doubts about the International Cricket Council's handling of the fourth Test against Pakistan.
Google is to stop offering 30-second video adverts on its website.
Swansea City's Chris Chester, Harry Dummett and James Matthews have been named in Wales' squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 8 June.
The Equality Commission has been criticised in court over its decision to order a Muslim baker to bake a gay cake.
Athletics' world records could be wiped from the books if new proposals are accepted by the sport's ruling council.
A man accused of forcing a man to work as a labourer in Cardiff has told the Old Bailey how he was offered work for £20 a day.
A 20-year-old woman who died after a two-vehicle crash in Belfast city centre has been named by police.
Rugby's world governing body has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The first female officer to be appointed to the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst has said she is "pinching herself" at the role.
A jewellers has been robbed at knifepoint in the second such robbery in a year.
Paul Stirling and Mark Robson hit centuries as Middlesex beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was left blind in one eye after being pointed a laser pen at two teenage boys in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a psychiatrist has told a jury.
The US economy added just 138,000 jobs in May, a sharp slowdown from the previous month, according to official figures.
Reading midfielder Ben McAnuff says he would consider leaving the Championship club at the end of the season.
The average number of steps people take a day a day is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement, a study suggests.
The NHS in England is facing a £26m deficit after losing out on contracts for its new 111 telephone service.
Plans for a new Inverness Justice Centre have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade knows the pressure on his job, according to the club's chief executive Martin Dalman.
Online retailer Next has won a High Court battle with HM Revenue & Customs over the amount of corporation tax it paid on overseas profits.
Banksy has been named as the winner of this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A police officer who tackled a man who shot dead MP Jo Cox has been awarded the Queen's Medal for bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he was "almost passed out" after being shown a scan showing a tumour in his back.
The Manchester Arena attack could be one of the most complex counter-terrorism investigations in British history.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Dundrod Grand Prix because of injury.
When Cynthia's body was found in Garissa, Kenya, she had no idea what she had done.
The price of carbon has fallen below 4.5 euros a tonne for the first time in more than two years, as the European Union struggles to meet its climate change targets.
Ghana's government has ordered a company to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) to a private company over the purchase of 116 passenger buses.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in a deadly attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels.
The Hillsborough inquests have been held into the deaths of 96 football fans who were crushed by crowds at the ground.
The man who led the search for the remains of the Disappeared in West Yorkshire has died.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been rejected by the county council.
A baby was taken to hospital after a plastic angel was found in his oesophagus, the BBC has learned.
Malaysia's government has cancelled a concert by singer Suleymane Badu because of a photo of her with tattoos.
A rare sea turtle which washed up on beaches in the UK and Europe has died.
It's been a really busy year for me as England women's captain.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed former Saracens prop Tomkins on a two-year contract.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jordan Wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Cumbria United manager Paul Cox says striker James Cook has turned down a new deal at Grimsby Town.
Luke Procter's unbeaten century helped Lancashire take control against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says there is still "a lot to improve" after his side's 3-0 series whitewash by Australia.
A female panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park has given birth to a foetus, officials have confirmed.
The death toll from a fire at a nightclub in Bucharest on Friday has risen to 23, officials say.
A woman has admitted killing her boyfriend in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £290,000 to the family of a girl who suffered severe brain injuries following her birth.
A council has been criticised for failing to properly assess the long-term future of a child who had sex with a 16-year-old girl.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a man who threatened to kill her have lost their appeal at the Supreme Court.
Facebook has been accused of "tramples" on European and other privacy laws after it refused to explain how it collected data from Belgians.
ITV has confirmed that Downton Abbey is to return for a sixth series.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he and Prime Minister Theresa May will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
NHS watchdogs in Wales have said they are concerned about the lack of public awareness of their work.
HBO has cancelled the second season of Sir Mick Jagger's hit record label Vinyl.
Childline Northern Ireland received a record number of calls from suicidal children last year.
Plans for a new £2m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Michael Phelps became the first American swimmer to win a world title with victory in the 200m individual medley.
Metz striker Goncalo Lopes was taken to hospital after a firecracker was thrown at him during Saturday's 1-0 win over Lyon.
A man has been arrested after two men died in a crash involving a car and a lorry in Stoke-on-Trent.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new attempt to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
Baltimore Orioles fans have been locked out of a game against the Baltimore Orioles due to the ongoing protests over the death of a black man.
Transgender identity has become a major issue in the last few years.
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to accept a no vote on EU membership.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Powys.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum, the company's new owner Jim McColl has announced.
It is a quiet place in Port Talbot.
A man who threw a teenage girl to the ground and told her she was a Muslim has been jailed for four years.
Prison conditions in England and Wales are "less safe and less decent" than a year ago, according to a report by the Prison Trust.
A 33-year-old man has been charged following a disturbance in Belfast city centre.
Rescue workers in Indonesia say they have recovered more than 100 people from the rubble of homes hit by an earthquake off the coast of Aceh province.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 2-13 to 0-13 in the Division Two game at Corrigan Park.
More than 100 people have been charged in the French capital Paris over air pollution, according to a lawyer for the victims.
Germany came from behind to beat Denmark in extra time and reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" in favour of equal access to marriage for transgender people.
A US privacy campaigner is taking Facebook to the High Court in Dublin in a bid to force the social network to reveal how it transfers data to US authorities.
Birmingham City captain Joe Robinson has signed a new four-year contract with the Championship club.
The Poole Fire and Rescue Service is warning people not to use insecticides to control pests.
Poland's forest foresters say they have found evidence of the worst forest disaster in the country's history.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its own budget to fund further education staff redundancies.
Forfar Athletic moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable 4-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
The original interview notes of four men accused of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have gone missing.
Councils should be given the power to sponsor failing academies, the Local Government Association has said.
A review of the evidence for the benefits of cholesterol-lowering drug statins has found that the number of people who take it is much smaller than the number who have side effects.
Astronaut Tim Peake has become the first member of the International Space Station's crew to parachute into orbit.
Romania won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with a comfortable victory over China in the men's team epee.
The government is to introduce a tax on diesel cars in England and Wales to tackle air pollution.
Dundee manager Neil McCann says he will be speaking to the club's managing director about the difficulty of identifying new players.
IOC president Thomas Bach says he has no regrets about the decision to ban the Russian team from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions flanker John Faull has died at the age of 83.
A decade of economic growth in India has been heralded as a "golden period" for Indian entrepreneurship.
Tiger Woods says he is "feeling good" about his comeback from a back injury, despite fears he may miss the rest of the season.
A woman has described the moment a man was shot in the leg in west Belfast.
The man suspected of running the Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.
David Fox scored twice as Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield in League Two.
The London Sevens is one of the biggest tournaments in rugby, but for me it is the biggest game of my life.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is confident his side can return to the top flight next season.
A hang glider pilot has died after crashing into a nature reserve in Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Scott Morrison says the club's late goals have been "devastating" for the fans.
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his side's morale is high ahead of Wednesday's World Cup qualifier against Germany.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials ahead of a controversial election for a new constituent assembly.
Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin has said.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp on the outskirts of Paris.
BBC Radio 4 presenter Jon Snow has given his support to a campaign to save a ferry service from closure.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car are raising money to set up a centre of excellence for young people.
A garden dedicated to the late rock star Syd Barrett is to be unveiled later this year.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been criticised for comments he made about a female missionary who was murdered while ministering in prison.
Former Conservative prime minister Sir John Major has been accused of a "absolute dismissal of democracy".
A photograph of the Bristol skyline has won an online photography competition.
The number of enquiries about GCSE and A-level results in England and Wales has risen to a record high, according to official figures.
Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits for the three months to the end of December, as demand for its military and commercial aircraft declines.
Coleraine rowers Paul Cassells and David Scrimgeour have won the European Rowing Championships lightweight pair title.
Australia beat India by seven wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Online university courses could be available to mainstream universities within 10 years, according to the head of the US online education service Coursera.
Double Shuffle won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Cheltenham for the first time in his career.
The number of Irish Travellers living in the Republic of Ireland has been genetically isolated for several centuries, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise a stretch of road in the Highlands which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a man and woman were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won the men's triple triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
A fundraising campaign has been launched to help fund the revamp of the Burrell Museum in Swansea.
A bend in a Somerset valley has been restored after it was damaged by flooding.
Yemenia Airways has been charged with negligence after a plane crashed in the Comoros Strait killing all 162 people on board.
In his latest speech on the Republican Party, Governor Bobby Jindal says the party needs to "change its principles" and stop making "stupid noises".
Orlando City Women have signed Brazil international Marta from FC Rosengard for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour's Andy Murray has won his second seat in Edinburgh.
Catalans Dragons have appointed former Catalans Dragons coach Christophe Frayssinous as their new head coach.
Twin Princesses Gabriella and Jacques have been born to the Prince Albert of Monaco.
A new maternity clinic is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital to help women who have experienced sexual violence during childbirth.
Northern Ireland's Ben Smyth and Alex Reid missed out on automatic qualification for the semi-finals of the 200m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Five people have been arrested in connection with violent disorder on the M20 in Maidstone, Kent.
Banks and accountants should be liable for financial penalties if they help people evade tax, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in crisis.
UKIP's deputy leader has called on Nigel Farage to take a break from the party.
The Wedgwood Museum has signed off on the sale of its art collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Saudi Arabia is one of the wealthiest countries in the Middle East and the world's largest oil exporter.
The number of children being bullied online in England has more than doubled in the past year, according to a new report.
Police have released an E-fit image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have been killed after being run over by a car in County Fermanagh.
Plans to turn a Corn Exchange into a supermarket have been agreed after a £300,000 deal was reached with the owner of the building.
When the prime minister said schools should invest Â£1bn in sport, he was met with a mixture of scepticism and support.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) among young people in England has risen sharply, according to new figures.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead after a crash in the final stage.
A video of a teenage boy being punched in the head by a gang of bullies has sparked outrage in the UK.
More than half of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to a new report.
The number of flights taking off and landing from Prestwick Airport is set to reach its highest level for a summer, according to the air traffic control company.
US technology giant Hewlett-Packard plans to cut 1,000 jobs as part of a restructuring plan aimed at cutting costs.
Partick Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell.
The number of patients waiting to be handed over at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman in Oxford.
The former director of the Academy of Ancient Music, Christopher Hogwood, has died at the age of 87.
A lion cub rescued from a zoo in Saudi Arabia has been nursed back to health by staff.
George Osborne is to meet German finance ministers in Berlin later to discuss the UK's plans for reform of the EU.
An Australian company has been fined for causing the collapse of part of a sacred rock in the state of New South Wales.
Black Friday, the UK's biggest shopping day of the year, is coming to an end on Friday.
An Indian court has ruled that a transgender woman can become a police officer, after she failed a physical test.
GAA director general Michael Duffy has published a discussion paper calling for the abolition of the inter-county minor grade.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in County Down.
A British company has developed a 3D-scan prosthetic arm that could be used to help amputees walk and talk.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig says Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to reach the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the biggest stadiums in the world and it will be a huge place when Manchester City take on Real Madrid in Wednesday's semi-final.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham striker Chris Morrell as their new manager on a two-year contract.
The pound has fallen sharply against the dollar since the UK voted to leave the European Union, but what does this mean for international shoppers?
Civil servants are being asked to help deal with a planned strike at the UK border, union leaders have said.
Olympic 10,000m champion Nana Cheruiyot finished 13th in the Olympic women's 5,000 metres in Rio.
The bodies of two men who were killed in a suspected gas explosion at a quarry in north-west London have been recovered.
The US and UK have called for air drops of humanitarian aid to be carried out in besieged areas of Syria.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says.
Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Brighton midfielder James Ward on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong.
A new partnership has been launched to help people with rare diseases in Northern Ireland.
A judge in Wisconsin has ordered two teenage girls to stand trial accused of stabbing a classmate to death in a haunted mansion.
The US army has given the go-ahead for the construction of the Dakota Access oil pipeline, despite opposition from two tribes.
Hungary's main opposition party, the Fidesz party, has held its final rally in the capital, Budapest, in the run-up to Sunday's parliamentary elections.
Two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a takeaway from a Denbighshire supermarket.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Australia after being caught in a rip current, local media report.
The mayor of London, Boris Johnson, has said that the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three.
When Delhi University student Sanjay Kohli was asked to build a robot, he was told he would have to work in a kung fu classroom.
The US has carried out air strikes on al-Shabab militants in Somalia, the Pentagon has said.
A stained glass window at a Cardiff church is to be repaired after it was damaged in a fire.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a wall in Birmingham.
All primary school pupils in England will be required to know their times tables by the end of the school term.
British Gymnastics is investigating a video posted on social media in which Olympic gold medallist Adam Smith appears to mock a rival.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to save the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Global healthcare provider G4S has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £3.2bn for the three months to the end of June, compared with £2.1bn a year earlier.
Venezuelan police have shot dead a bus driver who had been protesting against the government's economic policies.
Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its A380 passenger jet by more than a third.
The head of one of the UK's biggest fund managers has warned that the UK could go out of business if it leaves the European Union.
Rescue workers are searching for the builders of an illegal high rise in the Indian city of Mumbai after a section of the building collapsed.
US investment fund BlackRock is to cut a further 10,000 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures, according to reports.
When Daniel Dwyer was a teenager, he had no idea what to expect from a professional footballer.
Russia has been urged to "dance on the table" and "sing a song" as part of efforts to reinstate its athletics federation.
Two workers at a crematorium in Somerset have been sacked after their ashes were mistakenly scattered in front of a family.
The BBC is to make a major public statement this week, in what is expected to be one of the most important speeches in the history of the corporation.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has agreed to meet junior doctors in a bid to resolve a dispute over their contracts.
Hamilton Academical eased to victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Premiership.
A £15m fund to boost the north of England has been announced.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while eight months pregnant.
Italian police have arrested 18 people in a series of raids in the north-eastern state of Calabria.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will implement a controversial law aimed at reviving the country's economy.
A new code of conduct for police in Scotland has come into force.
A pensioner has been told she will have to dig up a road to install a telephone line.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most successful politicians.
Christian Hilfiger has said he is "very unhappy" after a story about Gigi Hadid was published.
Casey Kasem's stepmother is suing his family for $250,000 (Â£166,000) in damages, according to reports.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been expelled from France after being arrested at a match in Barcelona.
Jammeh, the former leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo, has been arrested on suspicion of embezzling more than $5bn (Â£3.5bn) from the state coffers.
Theresa May has defended the government's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock despite being sent off for a second time in three games.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with victory over St Johnstone.
South Africa have reached the quarter-finals of the Rugby Sevens World Series in Rio.
Google has introduced a new system that can stop people setting up automated "captcha checks" on websites.
Paralympic sprinter Michael Smyth says he is aiming to improve on his disappointing performance at the European Championships in Germany last month.
A fairytale castle cake and a number of smaller cakes decorated like princesses have been stolen from a golf club.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from MPs at the Welsh Affairs select committee.
Mexican food chain Boojum has been sold to a group of businessmen in the Republic of Ireland.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in London in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border, Russian officials say.
Iraqi government forces have carried out a series of air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Our Duke, ridden by Padraig Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the third year in a row as he finished second in the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed yn ôl ym Môn wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn gyda thîm Cymru.
The number of NHS trusts in England rated as "outstanding" and "poor" has been cut by 40% in a year.
A disabled man has been attacked with a blunt object during a burglary at his home in Inverness.
A man has died after his car left the road and crashed into a tree.
The paylips scandal in Iran has left many people angry and nervous.
Rangers in Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming have said a bison calf was rejected by its mother because it was too close to people.
The rate of house price growth in the UK rose to 7.6% in the year to March, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are to lose their contracts after councillors voted to change the terms of their contracts.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international David O'Shea on a two-year deal.
Former world number one Heather Watson has parted company with coach Cesare Veronelli.
The attack on an aid convoy and hospital in Damascus on Monday has renewed doubts about a deal struck between the US and Russia to end the conflict in Syria.
Two British pupils have admitted stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp during a school visit to Poland.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that "the world needs you very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
"When I first started working in Nairobi, it was a dream come true," says Shona Terry.
A GP accused of killing a 12-year-old boy by changing his genitalia did not take an overall view of what was happening, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new wildlife centre in a Nottinghamshire forest have been criticised.
A letter from a British man who helped film the Cold War summit between the US and Russia is to be auctioned.
A museum in Singapore has returned a bronze sculpture thought to have been stolen from a temple in India.
A vintage train has arrived at a London airport for the first time in more than 100 years.
World number one Luke Donald says he decided not to be a baby when he retired from golf.
In the early 20th Century, on the shores of the Cuban island of Camaguey, a small fishing village was born.
Elections will be held on 7 May in England and Wales.
There will be 40,000 fewer cases of dementia in women in the UK over the next five years, a study suggests.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a High Court decision not to hear a case brought by a father who took his daughter on holiday.
The family of a man who dressed up as Santa Claus to deliver Christmas gifts to underprivileged children in Manchester have paid tribute to him.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through the German city of Duisburg to remember a German woman killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS).
Theresa May has set out her vision for No 10 as she launched her party's manifesto for the general election.
A football referee has died after being punched during a game in the US state of Michigan, police say.
A 22-year-old woman has been shot dead in the US state of Ohio in what police say was a "brutal act of violence".
A man has been found guilty of trying to persuade a teenager to carry out a terror attack in the wake of the Rigby bombing.
An Indian journalist has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a report that banned Muslims from teaching yoga.
Scientists have measured the amplitude of the tides at Loch Ness to help understand how the Earth's crust changes.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash deaths will not be held until 2017, the county council has said.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines in Aberdeenshire and stealing more than £100,000.
Pope Francis has "destroyed our unity" by failing to condemn child sexual abuse, Australia's most senior bishop has said.
Celtic are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of French midfielder Patrice Roberts.
An animatronic robot that can travel at up to 5km/h (1mph) on a tank of diesel has been unveiled.
Smaller firms are more likely to be victims of cyber attacks, according to a survey.
Pope Francis's visit to Africa this month is likely to highlight the issues facing the developing world.
The new head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he is "committed" to fighting tax evasion.
Laura Muir has become the first Scottish woman to win a 1500m race.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Birmingham City came from behind to beat Newcastle United in the FA Cup third round.
Mark Cavendish said he was "proud" of his British team-mates after they won Olympic gold in the men's road race in Copenhagen.
It's been a turbulent decade for British girl band All Saints, who have been nominated for the BBC Radio 1 Personality of the Year award for 2014.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares have been knocked out of the ATP World Tour Finals in the first round.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers are being urged to clean up Manx beaches after recent storms.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
As NFL commissioner Roger Goodell prepares for the start of the new NFL season, what do we know about the league?
A nurse who raped and sexually assaulted patients at a hospital has been jailed for eight years.
The Irish Open is to be held in Ballyliffin, County Donegal, in 2019 and 2020.
Yorkshire's Jack Leaning hit his first first-class half-century of the season as his side dominated Lancashire on day two at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays to dairy farmers for their milk.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised for failing to warn users about the dangers of cloned ink cartridges.
A judge has ruled that Donald Sterling, the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team, has been legally allowed to sell the team.
A primary school has been forced to close because of a "perfect storm of bugs".
More than 70,000 people in Wales have not registered to vote since 2011, the Electoral Commission's Presiding Officer has said.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it is "impossible" for it to justify its continued pursuit of oil in the Arctic.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was murdered just yards from her surgery.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "fierce punitive and deterring response" to stone-throwing in the wake of the death of a Jewish man in Jerusalem on Monday.
The president of the Republic of Ireland is to ask the Supreme Court to consider a controversial abortion bill.
The crew of St Abbs lifeboat station have agreed to take back their pagers in a bid to save the station from closure.
Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century as Surrey made a winning start against Nottinghamshire at Edgbaston.
Chinese investment group Fosun has completed its takeover of Championship club Wolves.
Bumblebees and other bumblebees are fighting each other to find a suitable place to nest, a study suggests.
The Prince of Wales has told Royal Gurkha Rifles cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears" during their commissioning course.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French club Le Havre on a two-year deal.
The US has warned that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) could be the most dangerous jihadist group in the world.
Scotland full-back Jonny Gray hopes his side can build on their best Six Nations campaign in recent years.
A review of the tourism industry in Northern Ireland has called for a shake-up of the business.
"He was really good at football," says Antonio Carlos da Silva, the coach of Brazil's World Cup-winning football team.
A man arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs has been released on bail after the discovery of a new form of the drug.
Sir Mick Jagger has said he "will never forget" his partner L'Wren Scott.
Plans to build 4,020 new homes in York have been unveiled by the city council.
A radio station in Zimbabwe has gone out of business, with the loss of more than one million listeners.
NHS England is being urged to ring-fence extra funding for children's mental health services, amid concerns some services are being cut.
The family of a teenager who will be singing in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest are planning a celebration in his home town.
Huddersfield Giants have re-signed former Leeds Rhinos prop Matt Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
Get Inspired - Get Active!
All images are copyrighted.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country in response to an attack on a US diplomat, the Pentagon has said.
Ben Stokes hit a stunning century as England beat India by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
A police force has been referred to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has a responsibility to investigate and punish those responsible for the killings of people in Northern Ireland, a European human rights body has said.
In our series of letters from disabled people, we look at how artificial intelligence could change the way we interact with computers.
A 16-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences has been released on bail.
Britain's Adam Scott won gold in the men's 470 at the World Championships in Palma, Italy.
The 100th anniversary of the freedom of Yeovil has been marked with a parade.
A man who had his car stolen has said he has been told by police he will not be prosecuted.
Kechara Wong is one of Malaysia's most successful philanthropists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Sola Odunfa looks at the challenges facing Nigeria's education system.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear disaster was a "manmade disaster" that could and should have been prevented, Japan's nuclear accident commission has concluded.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down this summer.
NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned customers that they could be charged interest if the Bank of England cuts interest rates.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals for the first time in their history.
Former Liverpool striker Rhys Coady is determined to help his side reach the FA Cup fourth round at Anfield on Saturday.
A County Londonderry bar has been closed following the death of a man who was served alcohol outside licensing hours.
A man who ate a fish won at a fair has been banned from owning animals.
Albania have been banned from their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia after Uefa fined them 100,000 euros (Â£78,000).
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new deal to sponsor the continent's football competitions.
League Two side Wrexham were beaten 2-0 by National League side Cardiff City in the opening game of the new season.
Pakistan have been cleared to tour India for the World Twenty20 in March and April.
Blackburn Rovers manager Gary Rowett has called on his side to "get that bit between their teeth" after Saturday's defeat by Preston North End.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has vowed to restore "peace and unite" after the Senate voted to suspend his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff.
A "catastrophic outburst flood" in China's Yellow River valley may have been the source of the country's first Bronze Age civilisation, according to new research.
A Florida teenager has been arrested on suspicion of stealing and forging cheques from an elderly woman who sought treatment for stomach pain.
Rafael Nadal has set a new record for the most Grand Slam singles titles.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports season was the busiest in the country in 2014-15, according to new figures.
Two police officers have been jailed for two years after being convicted of conspiring to supply drugs to Birmingham.
Lancashire captain James Giles says his side are "far from safe" after their recent poor run of form.
A man who raped and robbed a woman in Leicester has been jailed for life.
Cornwall head coach Nigel Dawe says he is concerned about the future of the Challenge Cup at Twickenham.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has been helping students get home safely from the University of Texas at Austin.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over state property immediately after they leave office.
Donald Trump has vowed to rebuild the US's inner cities after a report that he used millions of dollars from his charitable foundation to settle lawsuits.
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 74.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a beach in the Highlands.
The Northern Ireland attorney general has failed in his bid to appeal against a ruling that a Belfast bakery discriminated against a gay customer.
Tory supporters are being denied a vote in the general election amid claims they are trying to "invoke a legal challenge", the Labour Party has said.
The daughter of a doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight because he refused to give up his seat has said he is "horrified and shocked".
The killing of an Aberdeen man by the UK military was "extra-judicial", Labour MP Harriet Harman has said.
A boxing association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify for public money, according to an audit report.
Three Edinburgh schools have been closed following safety concerns.
A German woman has launched a lawsuit against pharmaceutical giant Bayer over the safety of its Yasminelle contraceptive pill.
A new escalator at one of London's busiest Tube stations is being installed to reduce queues.
A fund to compensate victims of asbestos-related cancers is to be set up by the government, it has been announced.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been jailed for eight years.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace President Barack Obama's healthcare law.
Australian artist Betty Churcher has died at the age of 84.
Moody's has changed its outlook for the UK's credit rating following the country's vote to leave the European Union.
The second trial of two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime has begun in Khartoum.
Richard Oz, the editor of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey international Jake and Kodi Smith on loan until the end of the season.
There is no threat to EU citizens working in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing after setting off alarm alarms at a pet store has been reunited with his owner after more than two years.
A football fan who punched a hole in the ceiling of an Ipswich Town match has been offered to pay for repairs.
The Home Office has begun the process of deporting more than 100 people from the UK who work in takeaway restaurants.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix as his Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber was disqualified from the race.
Hampshire's new chief constable has been named by the police and crime commissioner.
Belfast boxer Michael Irivine has won the men's lightweight title at the European Championships in Kiev.
David Brewster and Eve Muirhead have booked their places at next month's European Curling Championships in Braehead.
Donegal and Galway will be without injured players for Saturday's Irish Cup qualifier at Croke Park.
There has been a lot of speculation about when the UK's EU referendum will take place.
Tributes have been paid to the late TV producer and broadcaster Pike Perry during a business statement.
Derby County striker Christian Bent says he is confident his side can reach the Championship play-offs despite a poor start to the season.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points as Ross County came from behind to draw.
Dozens of people have been evacuated from the Ukrainian city of Voronezh as shelling continues in the east of the country.
One of the largest Roman mosaics ever found is to be made available to the public.
Holyrood should have full control of income tax rates and some welfare benefits, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner, Dr Emmanuel Adesina, has been awarded the US $250,000 (Â£200,000) prize for his efforts to improve the quality of food for the world's undernourished.
An armed police officer has been suspended after he was caught on CCTV carrying a gun in a railway station.
The El Nino weather event is set to cause the world's worst drought in 30 years, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned.
Scientists in the US say they have made a kidney that can be grown into a rat.
A US university has sued Apple for allegedly infringing a patent.
A steam train has gone on show in Cumbria.
If you want to start your own Couch to 5K challenge just like Anna Wintour, you can do it.
A national marine centre is to be built in Dumfries and Galloway.
Passport exit checks are to be introduced in the UK for the first time, the government has announced.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle says she is "not totally retiring" after winning gold in the women's all-around final at London 2012.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ryan Pearce from Latics for an undisclosed fee.
Comedian Graham McPherson has said he was "really happy" to be involved in the renovation of Hastings Pier.
An Australian court has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of his ex-wife in a cafe siege.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation has "lost the plot" over a £1m pay-off.
Hamilton Academical were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock in the Scottish Premiership.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to beat Northern Ireland 1-0 in Dublin.
Two men have been convicted of the murder of a man who was shot dead in a Liverpool pub.
Gary Ferguson says he is not ready to become the new manager of Rangers.
Italy's Senate speaker has suspended two centre-right senators for a day after they were accused of gesturing at a female colleague during a debate.
Israel has asked Australia to withdraw its ambassador from Canberra over the use of forged passports in the murder of a Dubai businessman.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to seven years in jail for fraud and tax evasion.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea in the past year, police say.
England's women won their first Six Nations title with a comfortable victory over Ireland at Twickenham.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Sunni Muslim clerics in northern Lebanon, officials say.
A new pledge for Girl Guides has been introduced after a public consultation.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested by police in Dover has more than doubled in a year.
"Gibraltarpedia" is about to be launched in Gibraltar, and one of its organisers is trying to get the word out to the public.
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here star David Wright has agreed to join League Two sideillericay Town, according to the club's chairman.
Rochdale's League One play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Bradford.
A firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was seriously injured when he was hit by a forklift truck in Grantham.
The Irish government has failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, according to a new report.
Education needs to be devolved to tackle a skills shortage in England, former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said.
The ancestors of some of Europe's earliest farmers are the closest ancestors of present-day Basques, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released six players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a busy year for us in the world of music.
Labour's UK leader Jeremy Corbyn should be prime minister, the party's Welsh leader has said.
A new sixth form college is to be built in Flintshire, the county council has announced.
Burnley have signed former Stoke City and Republic of Ireland defender Darren Walters for an undisclosed fee.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role as a teacher in a popular children's TV series, has died at the age of 86.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed former Leigh Centurions head coach Mike Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after suffering a psychotic episode could have been saved if she had been restrained by paramedics, a coroner has ruled.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal striker Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" in response to the publication of anti-Islam cartoons by the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
When Magda Tilli and Miguel Tilli decided to start their own company in Lisbon in 2008, they had no idea what they would become.
Sherlock Holmes is back in the big screen at this year's Maze in London.
The head of the Saudi Arabian royal family has called on Apple to help crack down on the encryption used by the San Bernardino gunman.
Florida has declared a state of emergency in the US state of Florida after thousands of gallons of toxic algae were released into a river.
The new head of Doctor Who has confirmed the show will not return for any future series.
Five people who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Disneyland have had their legs amputated.
The Ospreys are to review the future of head coach Steve Johnson following the announcement that he will leave the region at the end of the season.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Bath fly-half Tom Abendanon says he has changed his mind on playing for England because he thought his career was over.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen significantly, according to the latest British Social Attitudes Survey.
It's that time of year again - time to find out who you've been matched with.
France is seeking to weaken Britain and the City of London in the wake of the UK's departure from the European Union, according to the City's special representative to the EU.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill used to hitch-hike with German football fans before taking charge of the team.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara both scored twice as Leeds United beat Burton Albion at Elland Road.
Alex Hales hit a career-best 106 not out as Nottinghamshire beat Durham by seven wickets in the T20 Blast.
A man who raised money for cancer patients in Yemen by selling his paintings has said he is "devastated" by the plight of an orphaned girl.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles says his side are "not that good" after their Twenty20 defeat by Worcestershire.
A lifeboat station on the Channel Island has been temporarily closed after a dispute with its coxswain.
Scientists have discovered the earliest fossils of a dinosaur that lived in an egg that was destroyed by flooding.
Northern Ireland have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals in France.
The death of a baby boy at a hospital in North Yorkshire was the result of a "systematic failure of a great many systems", a report has found.
A campaign manager for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a Washington Post reporter.
Land Rover has long been known for its rugged offroad vehicles.
A mother accused of drowning her two-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud in a Surrey by-election.
A charity has donated furniture from a Dismaland exhibition to a refugee camp in northern France.
Rafael Nadal has been suspended from tennis for three years after a French minister accused him of doping.
The US military has cancelled a port visit to Australia after a North Korean missile test failed to arrive.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a County Londonderry man.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said he is considering replacing some police stations with more accessible facilities.
Serbia's Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over Czech Republic's Lukas Rosol.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have signed defender Eduardo da Silva from Premier League rivals Real Madrid for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is one of the world's biggest running events.
Stoke City manager Mark Collins says the club's interest in Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford is proof of the quality of young players in England's academies.
A former Sri Lankan defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of an arsenal of weapons in the waters off the capital, Colombo.
Australian politician Peter Katter has been criticised for releasing a video in which he appears to shoot dead two people at a gay nightclub.
The NHS in England will be able to charge patients up to £20m a year for new drugs, under a new plan announced by the health service.
Jordan Clark scored the only goal of the game as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford City.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty, according to a Citizens Advice Scotland report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Northampton Town manager Kenny Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over Stourbridge was the club's biggest achievement.
Lyon and Besiktas played out a tense Europa League warm-up match at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais after fans were banned from the stands.
Savers who have more than £75,000 in savings in their accounts may not be able to receive compensation, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
League Two side Norwich City have signed former Bournemouth and Norwich City midfielder David Surman on a one-year contract.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben from Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
Wales Under-20 beat Italy in their final warm-up game before the Rugby World Cup in Italy.
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of a man in the Republic of Ireland more than 20 years ago have begun a search for a site in Dublin.
Arsenal have signed a new deal to play at Boreham Wood for the next two seasons.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has renewed its contract with Under Armour for a further five years.
Formula 1 has reached an agreement with its rivals on the controversial double points rule.
Ed Miliband has said he is "devastated" by the way business leaders have been quoted in a Labour election campaign advert.
Leicester Tigers head coach Danny Murphy says the Anglo-Welsh Cup can help the club's hopes of a top-four finish in the Premiership.
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Three brothers have admitted a number of drugs offences, including possession of cocaine with intent to supply and possession of amphetamine.
Yahoo is considering bringing its popular news briefing app to wearables, a teenager has told the BBC.
Liverpool striker Philippe Coutinho is expected to be fit for Saturday's Premier League game at Southampton.
The Queen has the ability to speak in a Scottish accent, her cousin has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a woman was held hostage at a bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming's performance director Mark Scott has been sacked after a review found he failed to meet Olympic targets.
Michael Phelps missed out on a fourth successive Olympic gold as he was beaten in the 200m individual medley by Olympic champion Lee Kuan Yew in Rio.
A seven-year-old boy from a Daventry school has submitted an application to become England manager.
A Conservative MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act following the death of a toddler.
England's Mark Davis suffered a shock defeat in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been rescued from the sea after sending pictures of themselves to the coastguard.
A dog had to be rescued after getting stuck in a chair with its back legs sticking out.
The owners of five endangered animals found at an animal park in Ceredigion have been fined.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of the so-called Islamic State's most senior propagandists, has been killed in an air strike in Syria, the group says.
A man who killed his ex-partner by punching her in the head at Pokesdown Railway Station has been jailed.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash in County Antrim.
Valtteri Bottas is set to leave Williams to join Ferrari next season, according to reports.
British actor Julian Moore has revealed how he approached the role of Bond villain Sean Connery.
Thousands of older people in Scotland are facing delays in getting care, according to a charity.
The number of wild rabbits and hares in the UK is increasing, according to experts.
Four people have admitted selling more than 750 cockerpoo puppies to prospective buyers for up to £300,000.
Four men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after being arrested in a series of raids in Europe.
Amazon has launched a new service offering on-demand TV channels in the UK.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has allowed online booking websites to offer discounts on hotel rooms, following an investigation by the Competition and Markets Authority.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after disappointing results from mining giant Glencore and financial services group Old Mutual.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's song Shake It Off from its list of the 100 most popular songs of 2014.
Leeds Rhinos chairman Steve Carter says the club have been told they must give six months' notice before they can move to a new stadium.
Prince William has said he takes royal duty "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been cleared to return to action for the start of the 2015 NFL season.
Japanese messaging app Line is planning to list its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
An ambulance driver who squeezed a colleague's breast and squeezed her breast has been struck off.
A council has said it is "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre.
The Russian consul to Greece has been found dead in his Athens home.
Renault has told Red Bull not to use its engine in Formula 1.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a major department store or a department store should be the preferred site for a new BBC headquarters in the city centre.
A man has been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester.
Businesses at a West Midlands industrial estate have said they are "devastated" after a series of burglaries in the past year.
A police officer in the southern Indian state of Kerala has said that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to the show in November.
The UK will remain free to import goods from developing countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has become the first person to complete the Great North Run in a robotic suit.
A suicide attack on the National Directorate of Security (NDS) in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least seven people, officials say.
China is one of the world's most unaffordable markets for young people, according to a report by the BBC.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was found lying face down in the garden of his Nottinghamshire home.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been urged to resign by the Nelson Mandela Foundation.
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors in Wales have been approved by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling's ambition is not to sell the club.
Working until you can no longer afford it is a dream for many people.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
The first European Judo Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes will be held in Wolverhampton in September.
Stafford's troubled County Hospital has been rated as "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Vern Cotter has accepted Gregor Townsend's decision to leave the Scottish Rugby Union.
Germany's data watchdog has ordered Facebook to hand over users' data to its parent company, WhatsApp.
Matthew Perry is to appear in a special of the US sitcom Friends, according to his spokeswoman.
Welsh football fans have been paying tribute to their team after they were knocked out of Euro 2016.
More than 20 mosques across Britain are to open their doors to the public to mark International Visit My Mosque Day.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by speculation about the England job.
G20 leaders have warned that a UK vote to leave the EU would be a "shock to the world economy".
A British soldier who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Iraq says he is struggling to get help for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton wants to "abolish" the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has launched an election campaign targeting the Liberal Democrats over their pledge to scrap tuition fees.
The new commissioner of the UK's Interpol says he is "extremely concerned" about the scale of human trafficking in Nigeria.
Sitting for long periods of time may increase the length of a woman's DNA, a study suggests.
Turkish police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters in Istanbul and Izmir.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose in the third quarter of this year, according to official figures.
Author Stephen Harris has called for the BBC to have a dedicated books programme.
The chief of staff to a Conservative MP has appeared in court charged with rape and sexual assault.
A fire has broken out at a school in West Yorkshire.
Worcester Warriors head coach Stuart Hogg says the club's new 4G surface will help them "find their feet" ahead of the 2016-17 season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, dragged down by banking shares.
A hospital in the US state of California has been hit by a ransomware attack demanding a ransom of $17,000 (£11,000).
British Eventing champion Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" after suffering a brain injury in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Perthshire aid worker who was killed in Syria has said his brother's death was the "worst day of my life".
A Commons committee will look into the future of the Commons Clerk, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said.
An Orkney teenager has been named as the first baby born on an air ambulance flight by Loganair.
Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for comparing the death of Osama bin Laden to the 9/11 attacks.
Award-winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a new film about Kenya's wildlife chief, John Leakey.
Family Guy is back on the BBC.
Wreaths will be laid across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as the new Scottish secretary.
Sir Paul McCartney is the richest person in the UK and Ireland, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
Somerset captain Michael Rogers says his side "have no regrets" after they were beaten by Middlesex in the One-Day Cup.
John Swinney, Scotland's finance secretary, knew the size of the Scottish government's budget last month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has defended the decision to strip Sir Jimmy Savile of his knighthood.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and his Manchester United counterpart Jose Mourinho have been involved in a heated exchange on the pitch.
Paul Goodwin says he is not retiring as Alloa Athletic manager because he is enjoying the pressure of leading his side.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Leicester City manager after just nine months in charge.
A man who died from measles was diagnosed with the disease after a medical examination, Public Health Wales has said.
A teenager accused of planning a bomb attack on the home of murdered MP Jo Cox has said he does not think they should be killed.
MPs have voted in favour of a bill to allow the UK to leave the European Union without triggering Article 50.
The government's decision to cut business rates in England and Wales is "not something to be afraid of", a Labour MP has said.
Dover maintained their National League play-off hopes with a 2-0 victory over Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Firefighters have described the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash as the "most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into alleged currency manipulation.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future".
The number of drivers caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Wales has fallen by more than a third.
A man has been arrested after cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m was found in County Antrim.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved two bills aimed at making Crimea a new "subject" of the Russian Federation.
Education Secretary John Swinney has welcomed a rise in teacher numbers but said there is "much to be proud of" in Scotland.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Glasgow city centre.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition.
China is to open its first unisex public toilet in the country's capital, Beijing, in November, state media report.
The case of two German journalists being investigated for treason is one of the most high-profile in recent years.
The International Space Station (ISS) is the world's most important space laboratory.
Leeds United captain Michael Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for changing his team-mates' set-up.
Hearts have announced plans to upgrade the main stand at Hampden Park.
In Brilon, a small town in north-west Germany, there is a palpable sense of anticipation.
Russia's top adviser to President Vladimir Putin has accused the US of arming pro-Russian protesters in Ukraine.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was hit by a car at a farm in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the Welsh government in a dispute over minimum wage laws.
Liam Payne has thanked fans for sticking with One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed into law a controversial abortion bill which has sparked fierce debate.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for the end of foreign aid.
Championship side Fulham have signed Kristoffer Christensen on a season-long loan.
Former Miami Dolphins quarterback Konrad Konrad has died after getting into difficulty in a swimming pool.
The chief constable of Northern Ireland's police force has said a deal on dealing with the legacy of the past has failed.
The first lunchtime concert by The Beatles at Liverpool's Cavern Club is being held on Saturday, 30 June to mark the club's 50th anniversary.
British number two Heather Watson was beaten in the second round of the Nottingham Open.
Thailand's Supreme Court has filed a criminal case against former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his election pledges, despite criticism of the idea of a pledge stone in Downing Street.
Plans for a new school campus in the Scottish Borders have been submitted.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his roles as Widow Twanky and Little and Large, has died at the age of 91.
League Two strugglers Crawley Town suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Leyton Orient.
A boy with a rare form of communication has been left "more anxious and closed" after his iPad was stolen from his home.
The UK's economic growth is likely to slow in 2017 and 2018, according to a leading think tank.
A group of street vendors have launched a series of guided tours of Edinburgh city centre.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at a prison have lost a judicial review claim against the government.
We want to hear from you about the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal in May 2015.
The Dark Knight Rises has received rave reviews from critics, with one describing it as "a cinematic masterpiece".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Ryan Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The first female acts to be announced for this year's Bestival music festival have been revealed.
(Close): The London market closed lower, with shares in Anglo American leading the way.
More than 11,000 athletes failed to pass drugs tests at the Rio 2016 Olympics, according to a damning report.
A group of US Muslims has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after receiving a suspicious package containing a white powder.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in Surrey.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing, according to his company, Metersbonwe.
The BBC is not a good at keeping secrets.
An electronic drug prescribing system should be brought in in Wales, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a sharp fall in half-year revenues and warned of cost-cutting measures.
A group which runs steam locomotives in the Highlands has said it needs to build a new crossing on the River Dulnain.
The German press is preparing for what it sees as a "catastrophic" Brexit.
A nurse who posted "sexually explicit and degrading" messages on Facebook has been sacked.
A new musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has come under fire for not doing enough to stop music videos being uploaded to the site.
A woman has been targeted by scammers posing as her solicitor to ask for £50,000 from her solicitor.
A man has died after his car crashed into a tree in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's biggest dinosaurs.
Chile has accused Venezuela of "bowing to pressure from the most reactionary sections of the bourgeoisie" who still support General Pinochet.
Dogs should be banned from beaches in Worcestershire, according to a survey.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher after the US economy added more jobs than expected.
The names of Bomber Command veterans who died in World War Two are being sought for a new centre to commemorate them.
Motorists are being warned to take extra care ahead of the Easter bank holiday.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Germany.
Sussex batsman Mark Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
England were beaten by nine wickets by Pakistan in the first Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a woman who was murdered at a school in Wigan.
Nicola Sturgeon has praised Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood for her leadership qualities.
Police have appealed for information after a security guard was racially abused on a train.
A court in India's Gujarat state has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for her role in 2002 communal riots.
Police in Bangladesh have released the names of nine men they say were behind last week's deadly attack on a cafe.
Conor McGregor has been cleared to fight Floyd Mayweather at 154lbs in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Australia's top court has ruled that internet service providers must release customer details of those who downloaded the Dallas Buyers Club movie.
Wigan Warriors prop Luke Flower has been banned for six months for punching an opponent in the head.
Nasa is planning to send humans to Mars, in 2020.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a drop in fourth-quarter profits.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 girls and women abducted by Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Israel's planning committee has postponed a planned vote on building more than 1,000 new homes in the occupied West Bank.
Former Ajax captain Dirk Kluivert Sr scored his first goal for the club as they beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of UK property transactions fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the League One club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice prize for best film at the Toronto Film Festival.
A group of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest ever naan bread.
Edinburgh's three major arts festivals are getting under way as the city marks the centenary of the Queen's 90th birthday.
A 16-year-old boy who raped and sexually assaulted five teenage girls has been jailed for six years.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank has been replaced by a French financier as part of a shake-up of the organisation.
Jeremy Corbyn is the favourite to be Labour's next leader, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have allowed former leader Thaksin Shinawatra to return to the country without having to serve a jail term.
JP Morgan is planning to move its European operations out of London in the event of a UK exit from the EU.
Britain's Greg Rutherford produced a stunning performance to win the T44 men's 100m at the Great City Games in Manchester.
Parents are overfeeding their babies and young children, increasing the risk of them becoming overweight or obese, research suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not stand for re-election in Northern Ireland.
A woman who lost her mother to breast cancer has called the treatment available on the NHS in Scotland "barbaric".
Tranmere boosted their National League survival hopes with a thumping 4-1 victory at Dover.
Blackpool fans have been granted permission to appeal against a High Court ruling that the club should pay a fan who posted abusive comments about the club.
Britain's Chris Froome won the final stage of the Tour de France to move into the leader's yellow jersey after a thrilling finish in Chantilly.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings, designed by architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has been officially opened.
Martin Naysmith has praised Motherwell for letting Dom Thomas join Queens Park Rangers on a season-long loan.
Three men arrested in connection with the murder of Michael McIlhagga have been released on bail.
A survey of the structure of the grounding of the oil rig Ensco has been carried out in Dumfries and Galloway.
Police are appealing for help in tracing a thief who stole a collection of World War Two medals from a man's home.
A ban on fireworks displays in back gardens could lead to job losses and job losses, a Conservative MP has warned.
Republican presidential front-runner Ted Cruz and his rival Marco Rubio are sparring over immigration.
A priest who claims he was sexually abused by five men in his diocese has complained to the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Leicester.
Jockeys are "surprised" by a proposal to stage all-weather races on Good Friday, according to the chief executive of the British Horseracing Authority.
A campaign group has called for more women to be allowed into public life, following a report by the Welsh government.
Arsenal's Mesut Ozil says he is keen to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
One of the Paris attackers has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is a 12-year-old girl who has a lot of anxiety.
Two bottles of whisky found on the Isle of Canna could be added to the list of lost bottles, according to the National Trust for Scotland.
A Mesolithic encampment in Amesbury has been found in the UK, archaeologists have said.
Leaving the European Union would mean a fall in UK income of up to 9.5% per year, according to a report by a think tank.
Wolves moved into the Championship play-off places with a hard-fought win at Leeds United.
Actress Hunger Games star Hunger Games actress Lena Dunham has spoken out about how she ended her contract with Sony Pictures because she wanted to be liked.
A seven-year-old boy is in a stable condition in hospital after his father's high-powered boat overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton.
One of the world's most famous glaciers may be disintegrating and forming large lakes, according to scientists.
The BBC Sport website looks at some of the biggest stories of the year so far.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest who was jailed for leaking confidential documents to the media.
Stars of the new Star Trek film Star Trek Beyond have welcomed the announcement that Hikaru Sulu is gay.
The results of the London mayoral election have been published.
Benefit claimants will be assessed on a regular basis to determine whether they are fit to work, the work and pensions secretary has said.
Eugene has defended its decision to award the 2021 World Championships to Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not resign if the Conservatives go ahead with plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone with victory over struggling Harriers.
A former civil servant in Myanmar has admitted buying a fake PhD degree from a US university.
A former soldier could face a heart attack or death if he fails to give evidence at an inquest into the death of a boy shot by a rubber bullet, a coroner has said.
The BBC is to return to its Wimbledon highlights programme for the first time in more than a decade.
Hundreds of homeowners are facing a bill of several hundred thousand pounds after their flood defence wall collapsed.
A County Armagh lawyer has admitted defrauding a bank out of £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game as Manchester United beat Hull City to go top of the Premier League.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
The former secretary of the Nazi party, Joachim Pomsel, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has condemned Russian air strikes on targets in Syria, after Turkey accused it of violating its airspace on Saturday.
Swansea City captain Leon Britton has been hailed as a "brilliant" player after he helped the club avoid relegation from the Premier League.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after suffering blood poisoning at a Kent hospital was not given the "best chance" of survival, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council member has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office.
Curzon is to be honoured with the Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award at the Bafta Film Awards.
Barrow manager Keith Cowley says his side are "living in cloud cuckoo land" after their 1-0 win over Braintree.
World number one Angelique Kerber eased past Dominika Cibulkova to reach the second round of the WTA Finals in New York.
Councils should sell off their social housing stock in order to build more affordable homes, the government has said.
Guernsey have won their second table tennis gold medal of the 2015 Island Games in Gotland.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with ITV and Carillion leading the way.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
The chairman of The Apprentice, Lord Sugar, has called for a BBC spin-off series to be broadcast.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from a car crash.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a Leeds park.
At least 52 people have been killed and dozens injured in a gas explosion in Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer who was jailed for assaulting his girlfriend has had his sentence suspended for 18 months.
Five churches in Herefordshire and Shropshire have been awarded grants totalling more than £100,000 to complete repairs.
Syrian government forces have dropped chlorine gas on rebel-held areas in the northern city of Aleppo, reports say.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win men's doubles gold at the Rio Olympics.
Meet Arthur, a dog who loves to explore.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada's governor general as they begin their nine-day official tour.
New Babypods are to be fitted to Wales Air Ambulance's helicopter to help improve the care of newborn babies.
A bald eagle has made himself well and truly at home in a nest at a nature reserve in Perthshire.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has been named as the new patron of a rape charity.
The death of two children in a car crash in Germany is one of the worst examples of how the impact of a company's actions can have on its business.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been suspended from full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
Former world number one Luke Donald has been named as the new ambassador for The Grove Golf Club.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says the club are in talks with Watford over the signing of Sweden centre-back Anders Lindegaard.
Imagine you are on your way to one of the world's most prestigious motorsport circuits.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US officials say.
A man accused of murdering a rival drug dealer in Flintshire has told a court he banged its handle on the window of his car in a "stupid idea".
Plans to redevelop a former gay bar into flats have been approved by Tower Hamlets Council.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has reprimanded Irish boxers Michael Conlan and Kevin Donnelly for placing bets on boxing contests at the Rio 2016 Olympics.
The Environment Secretary Michael Gove has announced he will stand against David Cameron in the referendum on Britain's membership of the EU.
My father has died at the age of 91, after suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
A head teacher has offered all his staff a one-day 'duvet day' a year to help recruit and retain staff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to withdraw from the Rio Paralympics.
A Powys school is to take over the running of its library.
A powerful earthquake has struck the north-eastern Japanese city of Kumamoto, killing at least three people and injuring hundreds more.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football star has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £572,000 from a quarry company.
Plans for a new community centre in Llandaff have been given the go-ahead.
A human rights group has called for an independent investigation into the deaths of civilians in Nato air strikes in Libya last year.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been cancelled due to security concerns.
A new vertical pier is to be built in a County Durham seaside town.
Mo Farah has broken the world record for the fastest time in a half marathon at the Lisbon Marathon.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has said he expects indirect peace talks to begin in Geneva on Monday.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a medal at the Badminton World Championships in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been arrested after a knife was thrown at a man in west Belfast.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon over its policy of barring women from serving in the US military.
Pope Benedict XVI's surprise resignation last month came as a shock to many in the Catholic Church.
Mae Cymdeithas Gofal Cartref Prydain wnaeth dweud bod cynghorau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gweithwyr.
A fire engine that failed to respond to a blaze in Suffolk was sent to the scene 15 minutes earlier than expected, it has emerged.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must take "a few risks" when they face New Zealand in the second Test in Auckland on Saturday.
Cole Stockton scored twice as Tranmere ended a run of three straight National League defeats with victory over Dover.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers helped Grimsby to a 2-0 win over Accrington in League Two.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi amid a large number of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have raided the homes of suspected Aum Shinrikyo cultists in St Petersburg, Russian state media report.
Olympic champion Nwankwo Sumgong won her second gold medal of the Rio Games as she edged out compatriot Nana Tufa in the women's 10km.
A Scottish man has been reunited with his father's classic car after it crossed the Atlantic four times.
Britain's Lizzie Pavey produced a stunning performance to win gold in the women's 5,000m at the World Championships in London.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has resigned following a spike in the number of applications for the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
When millionaire Peter Morgan murdered his ex-partner, Georgina Symonds, he had no idea she had Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia international Phillip Hughes.
Mae achos bod Pesticcio wedi euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol i Joshua Deguara trwy yrru'n beryglus a chyhuddiad o fygwth.
Millwall booked their place in the Championship play-off final with a hard-fought win over Bradford.
A fly-tipper who dumped rubbish on his own land has been fined after admitting a string of offences.
Scientists have discovered a new species of gecko that can detach its tails and regenerate their scales without scarring.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay $1.2bn (£1.1bn) to settle a Chinese antitrust case.
Renard has been named as the new coach of Morocco at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Derek McInnes says he would not swap any of Gordon Strachan's options for any left-back in the Scotland squad.
Mark Ronson has announced his new single, Uptown Funk, will be released in December.
The proportion of pupils taking A-level in schools in England is at its lowest level in 27 local authorities, research suggests.
Coronation Street and Doctor Who were among the winners at this year's BBC Television Awards.
Cannabis plants have been found in a former cinema in West Lothian.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has called on the home secretary to stop the deportation of a Welsh student who is due to finish her degree this summer.
A Cardiff vocational training college is being investigated by police after allegations of fraud.
A Canadian man has been arrested in the US on suspicion of trying to smuggle drugs into the country from Canada.
A section of debris from a SpaceX rocket that washed up on an Anglesey island has been identified as that of the first stage of a rocket.
The mother of murdered six-year-old Caylee Anthony has spoken for the first time since she was found guilty of her daughter's murder in 2011.
North Korea has paid wages to workers at its Kaesong industrial complex, South Korea's unification ministry has said.
Manchester City have been fined £1,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were fit for testing.
A man has appeared in court accused of raping a boy at a nursery in Birmingham.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas spending, according to the BBC.
England's hopes of reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia.
A student who lost her hand after a night out has said she is lucky to have it.
Former Valencia boss Pako Ayestaran says he has "the feeling I have at the moment" following Gary Neville's sacking.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow has made a "miracle recovery", a vet has said.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of up to 14 million US government employees, US officials say.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, is proposing to raise the retirement age for state workers to 69.
Bath have signed second-row forward James Devonian on a two-year deal.
Ned's Marianne Vos won the Women's British Cycling Tour in the same time as compatriot Amy Pieters.
The M4 has reopened following a two-vehicle crash on Monday morning.
The nominees for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be announced on Tuesday.
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has defended its decision to appoint a former BBC journalist as its new press secretary.
Firefighters have rescued two youths from a bonfire in Stirling.
The world's top eight tennis players continue to dominate the sport's calendar, with Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Kei Nishikori leading the way.
A search is under way for the remains of a village in Gower.
Scarlets moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues.
Iran has announced a major offensive against the Islamic State (IS) group in Syria.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Paris.
It's easy to forget that the general election campaign has been one of the most closely fought in the history of British politics.
Two Pembrokeshire and Swansea bids to be UK Capital of Culture in 2021 have been revealed.
Lloyds Banking Group (RBS) has been sold off for the first time since the financial crisis.
Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated in China as Typhoon Chan-hom makes its way towards the country.
Scientists have created new DNA- and RNA-like molecules that can communicate with each other.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at Kenya's political crisis.
Police in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more than 100 people in an operation to stop the construction of a controversial oil pipeline.
A Japanese boy who went missing while foraging for vegetables has been found safe and well after a six-day search.
The family of British soldier Ben Parkinson, who carried the Olympic flame with a crutches, have said they are "overwhelmed" by the support and support he has received on Facebook.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is enjoying the challenge of playing in League Two despite missing his family.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
US authorities say they have dismantled a massive drug trafficking network in Arizona.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia has overtaken North America as the world's richest region, according to a new report from the World Bank.
A woman has been found guilty of making a pipe bomb in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken control of Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS), officials say.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun has offered to buy Portuguese healthcare firm ESS.
"Cancer survives through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
Saracens captain James Barritt says the Premiership is the "most competitive domestic league in the world" and the club are eager to repeat last season's success.
A millionaire was unlawfully killed by his wife in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy week for Northern Ireland's newspapers.
The story of William Shakespeare is one of the most famous plays in the world.
A Scottish woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her eyes for the first time in more than a month.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yng Nghymru.
Jockey Michael Moore says he will be fit to ride in all of the major autumn races after recovering from a shoulder injury.
Councillors have rejected a bid to build 24 transit pitches for holidaymakers in Lincolnshire.
Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Mario Rato has gone on trial in Spain accused of stealing millions of euros from pensioners.
A statue of former Champion Hurdle winner John McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
The former leader of the Progressive Unionist Party, William Smith, has died at the age of 72.
Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing drugs tests.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has visited Egypt to reaffirm the US support for the country's democratic transition.
A man has been found dead at the bottom of a canal.
Nato has expressed concern after Russia said it had sent missiles to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad.
Worcester Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions full-back Sam Hopkins for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United came from behind to earn a point against Newport County in the League Two play-off semi-final.
A new online consultation system has been launched to ease the wait for first year students to visit a GP.
A new documentary about the transition from celluloid to digital formats has been released by the BBC.
A "photobomb" has been captured by a camera on a railway line in north Wales.
Leeds United head coach Massimo Cellino says he will buy a bus to ensure his players do not miss games.
A former Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing a pornographic image.
H&M, the Swedish fashion retailer, has announced plans to open five stores in the UK and Ireland.
A competition to find the world's heaviest tomato has been launched in Harrogate.
A children's website has been nominated for a Bafta Children's Awards for the first time.
Paris St-Germain have been crowned champions of France for the first time in their history after a 4-0 win over Nacional in the final round of fixtures.
The Bank of England is to test the resilience of the UK's banks against a new global "turndown".
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of Roma midfielder Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A 41-year-old man has been charged over the collapse of a bridge on the M25 in which a motorcyclist was injured.
A house has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack in North Lanarkshire.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot US President-elect Donald Trump has said she is "frightened" by his sentencing.
Apple has been accused of "dumbing down" the terms of its new news app, Apple News.
Legislation should be introduced to tackle cyber-bullying, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug could not have died had he not taken the drug, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people were forced to leave their homes in West Lothian after a fire broke out in a wheelie bin.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes against militant hideouts in the north-west of the country.
The White House has agreed to release the names of visitors it has hosted at President Donald Trump's New York resort.
All images are copyrighted.
A man who forced his way into a woman's home and sexually assaulted her has been jailed for six years.
Scientists have used tiny cuffs to hack the nerves of the nervous system.
A 10-year-old boy has died after being hit by a motorcyclist in east London.
A man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than a week has been found safe and well.
Labour is no longer the official opposition to the government, the House of Commons Speaker has been told.
The owner of Alliance Trust has said it will not make a formal takeover bid for the asset management firm.
Sean Keatley's late drop-goal gave Munster a bonus-point win over Edinburgh in the Pro12 at Murrayfield.
Shares in Booker fell after the supermarket said it was in talks with the UK's biggest rival over a possible merger.
Gas prices have risen sharply in the wake of the Ukraine crisis, which has caused major disruption across Europe.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says defender Berra is the best defender in the Championship.
Formula 1 teams have been given more time to develop the 'halo' chassis before the 1 July deadline.
Lithium salts have been shown to prolong life in flies, according to a study at the University of California, Los Angeles.
More than 100 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in London are to be moved to a temporary home, the Home Office has said.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum, the country's acting National Electoral Council president, Carlos Isturiz, has said.
Premiership Rugby's proposed 10-month off-season has been criticised by the Rugby Players' Association (RPA).
Forecasters have warned of severe weather in Northern Ireland on Thursday with gusts of up to 70mph expected.
Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate, has said she will never forget the 219 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria in 2014.
Glamorgan made a strong start to their Championship Division Two match against Derbyshire at Edgbaston.
A man who was found dead in a street in west London has been named by police.
A passenger ferry has been withdrawn from service on the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room ventilation fan failed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alison Smith considers the decision by the Metropolitan Police to drop a rape case against Leon Brittan.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it has "turned the page" in its row with Morocco.
England were knocked out of the World Cup as they were comprehensively beaten by France at Twickenham.
Teenage taekwondo player Luke Hall has been selected to represent Great Britain at the European Championships in Austria in June.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a US judge to be given a longer jail term for sexual assault.
The YSP has announced plans for a new visitor centre at the National Trust for Scotland (YSP).
Scotland's newspapers have declared victory for the SNP in the Holyrood election.
A fire at a scrapyard in Monmouthshire is being treated as arson, police have said.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed former Bradford City and Bournemouth striker Ryan McShane on a one-year contract.
A lawyer for the family of former North Wales Police chief John Anglesea has said they will seek leave to appeal against his conviction.
The National Farmers' Union has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, best known for her role in Casablanca, has died at the age of 91.
At a summit in Cyprus, EU leaders have agreed on a plan to deal with the migrant crisis.
The opening date for the new bridge over the Firth of Forth has been pushed back.
A sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre.
A new £50m university campus has opened in Scarborough.
Work is under way to restore a section of the historic Swansea canal which has been abandoned for more than 200 years.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's first upmarket burger chain, has been bought by a South African firm.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has had his disciplinary charge against Morton dismissed.
England beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the World Twenty20 final in Delhi on Saturday night.
It's one of the most anticipated video games of all time.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Sarah Stanning have become the first British athletes to win Olympic gold medals, as the 32nd Regiment Royal Artillery won the men's and women's pairs races.
Great Britain's catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup qualifiers after losing three races in a row.
When the Pro12 was introduced to the media last year, the chief executive of the Scottish Rugby Union, Gregor Browne, spoke of the need for a shake-up of the competition.
Charles Darwin was one of the most famous scientists in British history.
Scarlets suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Leinster at Kingspan Stadium.
The British Council has launched a year-long project to celebrate the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.5bn (£1.1bn) in federal funding to help tackle the Ferguson unrest.
Bombardier has announced that it will build a new CS100 jet at its Belfast base.
Los Angeles police have defended their decision to cancel all school in the city after a bomb threat.
Northern Ireland women reached the second round of the Uefa Under-19 Women's Hockey Championship with a 2-1 win over Spain in Belfast.
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has been accused of "misleading" its figures on the number of new homes and businesses connected to broadband in the first half of 2017.
Rail operator Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are being withdrawn due to corrosion repairs.
David Cameron must make clear that he will abandon his EU migration pledge if he wins the referendum, the head of the Vote Leave campaign has said.
When Roman Bogdanov was found guilty of sexual activity on stage in 1980, he felt like "a juggernaut rolling over" him.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" cheese race in a Vale of Glamorgan town.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has donated $5.1bn (Â£3.2bn) to charity, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
The UKIP candidate in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as leader of the party has said he has "red lines" he cannot support.
When you are heavily pregnant, it can be difficult to adapt your training programme for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
Katarina Meilutyte set a new European record in the women's 100m breaststroke to reach the final of the World Championships.
Bristol City moved three points clear at the top of the Championship with victory over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended for a "clear breach" of the Rugby Union's code of conduct.
Optimism in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have backed plans for a charity match at Upton Park.
People on welfare in Scotland are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements, according to a study.
Two accountants have been banned from working at the Oscars after they mistakenly handed the wrong envelope to the presenters.
Tata Steel's decision to cut 1,000 jobs in its Port Talbot plant has been criticised by a union.
Theresa May has said she wants the question of what will happen to EU citizens living in the UK to be dealt with "as soon as possible".
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people who have been banned from entering the EU, the Russian foreign ministry has said.
Two rival gangs in Honduras say they have agreed to a truce in a bid to end their long-running civil war.
The founder of GoPro has unveiled a drone that can be fitted with a camera mount.
Plans to cut bus subsidies for pupils in Dumfries and Galloway have been dropped.
Tiger Woods' hopes of playing in the 2018 Ryder Cup are now firmly on the horizon after the Spaniard secured his first European Tour victory.
The financial sustainability of local authorities in England has been questioned by MPs on the Public Accounts Committee.
Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez says his side will have to fight "right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker player Lee Jae-yong has admitted defrauding a woman out of £1,600 by sending her a snooker cue.
Charges against a woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham have been dropped.
Android, the operating system used by millions of smartphones, has been given the biggest software update the world has ever seen.
A pregnant woman who admitted poisoning her unborn baby with an unknown substance has been told she faces a life sentence.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Olympic heptathlon champion Laura Sotherton says she is open to the possibility of changing world records.
Three hospitals in Bristol have been placed on a "black alert" over the past two weeks, the NHS has said.
David Cameron has said the UK has not changed its policy towards China and Tibet despite reports of a rift between the two countries.
Craig McAllister's late strike earned Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot.
A number of cars have been vandalised in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
At least four people have been killed in floods and landslides in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW).
The idea of a space suit is a dream come true for many of the people who want to travel to outer space.
Italian police have arrested dozens of people suspected of running an illegal immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of the murder of his estranged wife after posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Ben Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
The number of private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a tax case against telecoms giant Vodafone.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has left Manchester United to become a legend in Norwegian football.
Asian shares have fallen after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate for the second time this year.
A report into the Casement Park stadium project has called for an independent mediator to be used to resolve key issues.
A bike hire scheme in Dumfries has been criticised by councillors.
Tributes have been paid to Worcester man Joel Richards who died in the Tunisian beach attack.
The only North Korean held in Malaysia in connection with the killing of Kim Jong-nam has accused the country of trying to blackmail him.
Two teenagers have been detained after a vicar was robbed at knifepoint in broad daylight.
Scotland scrum-half George Hamilton has retired from international rugby after nine years with the Premiership club.
Great Britain's Chris Lewis won gold in the men's 4x400m relay at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has erased references to Harambe, the gorilla that killed a young boy.
China's economic growth slowed to 6.8% in December from 6.7% in November, according to official figures.
Scientists have developed a battery that can be charged and discharged much faster than a lithium-ion battery.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is "very, very confident" about his future despite speculation linking him with a move away.
The first woman to be elected bishop of the Church of England has been named as Mary Lane.
League Two side Oldham Athletic came from behind to beat Wigan Athletic.
Swindon Town have suspended striker Luke Williams after he left the club's game against Mansfield Town on Saturday.
The brother of a woman who died after being stabbed in Dundee has been charged with her murder.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold in honour of Team GB's success at the London 2012 Olympics.
England's hopes of winning the second Test against Bangladesh suffered a setback on day two in Dhaka.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of strike action in a row over pay and conditions.
A procession and party will be held to mark the 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US will not renege on its commitments to NATO.
Plans to prevent flooding in the UK’s upland areas have been criticised by environmentalists.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's Champions League game against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in the Scottish Borders.
Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday, boosted by strong economic data from China.
Police in the northern Indian state of Gujarat have arrested eight men accused of taking poison to protest against the slaughter of cows.
Former News of the World presenter Paul Gascoigne and ex-footballer Chris Coogan have been awarded £100,000 in settlements over phone hacking.
Scientists have recreated the path of a monarch butterfly, using data from neurons in their antennae and eyes.
The University of Warrington has unveiled a new computer capable of more than 30,000 trillion calculations per second.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it.
A World War Two fighter jet once owned by the RAF has been put up for sale online.
A new leader has been chosen to succeed Sir Albert Bore as the leader of Birmingham City Council.
Surfers have been heading to Portugal for the first time since a powerful storm hit the UK on Tuesday.
Eden Hazard scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final warm-up game before Euro 2016.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their recent success.
Belfast-based software firm Micro Focus is struggling to recruit enough graduates to fill jobs in Northern Ireland.
Work has begun to build a huge protective shield around the damaged Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
The investigation into a crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome was knocked off his bike has been closed.
Northern Ireland's local councils are set to be given more powers over planning matters.
A former textile mill in West Yorkshire has been gutted in a suspected arson attack.
Cambridgeshire County Council has said it has no concerns about the weight of bunting used to decorate the streets of Cambridge for the Tour de France.
India's oldest Buddhist monk has said that allowing women into a Hindu shrine would increase the risk of rape.
A woman accused of child sex abuse in Sheffield has told a court her daughter became "horrible" when she was raped.
A father has spoken of the moment he ran to the aid of his baby daughter after she was found dead in a bus stop.
A curry house run by the new UKIP leader has been cleared of illegal immigration after the Border Agency questioned staff about their immigration status.
An Australian Antarctic research vessel that ran aground in Horseshoe Harbour has been refloated and taken to a research station.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht in the Larne Firth after it became stranded in the sea.
Two of the biggest US banks, Santander and Deutsche Bank, have been told to improve their financial plans after failing annual tests.
A fund set up by the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £10,000 in its first day of fundraising.
Online grocer Ocado has reported a record profit for 2013, helped by a strong performance from its customers.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says he is confident his side can qualify for Euro 2016.
A group of AMs from the Welsh Government and the Irish government have met to discuss the implications of Brexit.
Bomb disposal experts have been called to a beach in County Antrim after an unexploded flare was found.
Scotland's Jade Adderley won the women's title at the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh.
Former Strathclyde City Council leader David Matheson is to stand for re-election in a by-election.
A police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province has been attacked by militants, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers going on to higher education has reached its highest ever level, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race will be at risk of extinction within the next hundred years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Harold Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
A Muslim woman applying for a job in Germany has to submit a photo of herself in a headscarf to be invited for interview, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "not worried" about his start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Thousands of people have marched through Mexico City to show their support for the country's first legalised same-sex marriage.
Police have arrested two teenagers following the Celtic v Rangers game at Hampden.
A man who raped a woman more than 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
The proportion of people aged 25 and over owning their own home has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a new report.
The family of a soldier who was shot dead at a Surrey barracks have begun legal action against the Ministry of Defence.
Singapore's long-running feud over the legacy of the country's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has divided the country.
Three Dundee students have created an "unisex satchel" which plays audio recordings from their credit card recordings.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a boarding school.
Harlequins have agreed a deal to sign Wasps prop Tom Jackson on a free transfer.
Worcestershire and Kent have been unable to play on the first day of their County Championship Division Two match because of a waterlogged outfield.
At least 20 people have been rescued from a fire on a ferry in the Balearic Islands.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have returned to three locations in Belfast.
A Caerphilly food company has been fined £15,000 after being found guilty of breaking food labelling laws.
When Robert Godin first started his own company, he did not want to go back to the financial crisis that hit his family.
A mystery ticket holder has been asked to come forward to claim a £1m lottery prize.
The French honorary consul for Bodrum, Turkey, has denied she is involved in the trade of boats to migrants trying to reach Europe.
Scottish Independence Party leader Jim Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the party, despite the resignation of a senior MEP.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's working with a movement coach to make him the most "sensitive" role he's ever played.
Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock 4-3 defeat by Gary Holt in the first round of the Welsh Open.
Passengers on the London Underground are being encouraged to wear badges to alert fellow passengers to the dangers of standing on the platform.
Two Featherstone Rovers players have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
The Nigerian city of Lagos has banned the use of noise-making equipment, after residents complained about the noise.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Scottish League Two play-off final.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Louise O'Brien looks at why so many people are not getting end of life care in England.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised more than £22m through a share issue.
The Indian state of Kashmir has banned brides and grooms from attending five-day weddings.
Adrian Gill, the editor of the Sunday Times, has died at the age of 72.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City's Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been on a mission to solve Europe's migration crisis.
Archaeologists excavating a fort in Dumfries and Galloway have found new evidence that it was the heartland of a lost Dark Age kingdom.
Russell Knox moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Annan Athletic's hopes of reaching the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals have been boosted by the success of their first-team team.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% next year, a survey suggests.
A patient transport company has said it is "fragile" that its contractors have not been paid in full for services.
Lyon Ladies have signed the United States striker Abby Morgan for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's Katie Cheshire missed out on a medal in the women's slopestyle at the World Championships in Sierra Nevada, Nevada.
WBC flyweight champion Nicola Adams has called for the introduction of three-minute rounds in women's boxing.
La Liga leaders Sevilla were held to a goalless draw by Ukrainian side FC Lviv in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie.
The UK Secretary of State for Europe, General Philip Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military presence in Crimea could have a devastating impact on the Black Sea.
It's that time of year when you dream of winning the Masters.
Ludwig the dog has been given a new lease of life by his owners in Wrexham.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "playing fast and loose" with the political process in Northern Ireland.
South Yorkshire's chief constable is to retire after being criticised over the handling of child abuse allegations in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales has risen at an "alarming rate", according to a charity.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Lukasz Grzelak on a two-year deal after he turned down a new deal with the Polish champions.
The operator of the UK's free-to-use cash machines (ATMs) is to hold talks with banks to try to resolve a dispute over fees.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that Saudi Arabia paid Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak $681m (Â£681m) ahead of the 2013 election.
Paul Eubank Jr says he will not let the death of his father Bobby's IBF world middleweight title defeat by Lee Doran affect his career.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 life jackets in a raid on a workshop in the north-eastern city of Izmir.
A Southend United fan has been given a suspended jail sentence after he entered the pitch at a League One match.
Chris and Gabby Adcock have won the English Open for the third time in four years.
Sheffield United came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move within a point of the League One play-off places.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Poland beat Romania in their opening Group E match at the World Cup.
A school in Adelaide, Australia, has won a prize to design a new national park.
All crew on the Northern Isles freight boats will be paid at least the minimum wage, the government has announced.
Ospreys fly-half George North will be available for Saturday's Pro12 game against Scarlets at Oriel Park.
Jockey David Ackerman has been given a further two months to appeal against his six-month ban for betting on horse races.
Nato has formally launched its new mission in Afghanistan, ending a decade-long conflict with the Taliban.
A German anti-immigrant party member has been seriously injured in a car crash, local media report.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
The first minister has warned the UK government not to listen to Theresa May as it prepares to trigger Article 50.
Former England captain Paul Downton has been appointed as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new chief executive.
The family of a man killed in a car crash in Greater Manchester have called for tougher penalties for drivers who kill.
Two sheep have been rescued from a garden in Londonderry.
Greece has announced a series of reforms aimed at stabilising the country's finances.
The former Gloucester Prison has been put up for sale.
Favourite DJ Fern Britton has announced her retirement from BBC Radio 1, saying she felt like she had died.
Bath fly-half Tom Watson has been charged by the Rugby Football Union over an unsportsmanlike conduct charge.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham Town cruised to a comfortable win over Woking.
Archaeologists in China have discovered a treasure trove of ancient Chinese dice in a tomb.
Defender Dani Alves says he would have joined Rangers if he had not been disappointed by the club's failure to qualify for Euro 2016.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in September, official figures show.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" that defender Jazz Richards has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
A device used by Virgin Galactic to send tourists into space has crashed during a test run.
Iraqi forces have recaptured the last pocket of Mosul, the last major city in the country under their control.
Bumblebees are being poisoned by pesticides, according to new research.
A new £240m research centre is to be set up at Bryden University in Belfast.
Egyptian officials say they have identified several thermal anomalies at the top of one of the pyramids, which they say may have been caused by the sun.
A cordon has been put in place after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found at a quarry.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of kidnapping British photographer Katie Ayling.
Prank TV shows are becoming increasingly popular in the Arab world, with celebrities being tricked into believing they are experiencing a violent earthquake.
General Motors is to invest $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in its plant in the Canadian province of Ontario, the company has announced.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Toronto for the funeral of former mayor Rob Ford.
A fox cub has been rescued from the engine of a car after it got stuck in the engine bay.
The Scots accent is likely to be changing over time, according to new research.
Campaigners hoping to save a cathedral which was closed to the public last year have raised more than £7m in just three months.
In the US, it is not every day that a woman gets paid the same as a man.
(Close): US shares closed little changed on Wednesday, despite a rally in jewellery stocks.
Unpaid internships should be banned in England and Wales, MPs have said.
The Scottish government is to invest more than £2m in the offshore wind industry.
A pregnant woman has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were in her van when she was stopped at a border check-in.
Fidel Castro's revolution brought revolution to Cuba and ushered in a new era of economic and political stability.
England captain Alastair Cook has been hailed as one of the greatest batsmen in the world by former skipper Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot in the leg with an airgun.
A rainbow flag has been flown over the grounds of Stormont House in Northern Ireland in a bid to promote same-sex marriage.
A Labour MEP has been appointed as the European Commission's new chief executive.
Hackers claiming to have stolen Game of Thrones script have posted it online in exchange for favourable coverage of the show.
Police are investigating allegations of misconduct by staff at Kids Company, a children's charity in Birmingham.
Morgan Freeman is to be honoured by the American Film Institute (AFI) with a lifetime achievement award.
A man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been left with a capital buffer of just over 8% in the eurozone's latest financial stress tests.
Passengers and vehicles will no longer be allowed to board or disembark the Isle of Wight's chain ferry at the same time.
Leeds Rhinos have signed Wakefield Trinity Wildcats full-back Ben Simon on a two-year contract.
Family lawyers have criticised a new form that asks people to name the person they believe their spouse committed adultery with.
All images are copyrighted.
Do you worry about being online too much?
The Russian ambassador to the US has said Jews in New York have been telling her to "talk to the Jews" during the election campaign.
London Underground has apologised after a fire at Oxford Circus station left four people with smoke inhalation.
Sexual violence against protesters in Egypt is so widespread that it has been described as a state-sponsored crime, according to the Human Rights Watch.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "firing up again" for next season's Premiership title defence, and is targeting a sixth crown.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the depths of the financial crisis, official figures show.
A TV show by Derren Brown in which the illusionist asphyxiated himself has been banned from television.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 100m breaststroke to win his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics.
A paedophile site that featured graphic images of child abuse has been uncovered by police in the UK.
A Chinese man has been living in a space capsule for more than a decade.
A man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed James Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of two Libyan journalists have been found in the eastern city of Derna, officials say.
Paralympic gold medallist Laura Lucas won her second gold medal of the Rio Games with victory in the World Para-cycling Championships in the Bahamas.
The cost of scrapping tuition fees and interest rates on loans would rise by 2.5p to £50,000 if Labour wins the election, says Education Secretary Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to an Indian naval officer convicted of spying for Pakistan.
At least 24 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint at a house in Londonderry.
More than 1,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting in the past five years, the RSPCA has said.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar charged with inciting violence against students.
A Muslim boys' school has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for allowing its female governor to sit in the main meeting room.
A man who raped and sexually abused a girl in Denbighshire has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge United suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possession of a firearm.
Cardiff City striker Rhys Jones is expected to be fit for Sunday's Championship game against Preston North End.
Teaching unions in England and Wales have called on the government to fund a 1% pay rise for new trainees.
Drilling for shale gas in Lancashire has been halted after an earthquake in April.
An exhibition of works by Michelangelo Caravaggio has opened at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has announced that it is updating its two-factor authentication system for iPhone and iPad owners.
The family of the BBC journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed by Syrian government artillery, are suing President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
A four-month-old baby boy died after being attacked by a family dog while being held in his mother's arms, an inquest has heard.
Scottish sport governing bodies are facing a £1.5m budget cut by the Scottish Government by the end of next year.
Pregnant women who eat a high fat diet during their pregnancy are more likely to develop heart disease and diabetes, a study suggests.
Ancient weapons found on the Isle of Coll have been handed over to a museum.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was punched on a train between Glasgow Central and Neilston.
A teacher from Manchester has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of downloading and sharing sexually explicit files involving minors.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the highest-paid artists of all time.
Brazilian football legend Pele has sold his winning medal from the 1962 World Cup in Brazil for more than £100,000.
Indonesia's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has called on Australia to apologise for its alleged eavesdropping on his phone calls.
Activists in Syria say they have seen a video that appears to show rebels killing dozens of government soldiers.
Organic farming boosts the biodiversity of wild plants, according to a new study.
Thousands of concert managers have signed a letter calling for a review of secondary ticketing websites in an effort to curb "industrial-scale abuse".
The UK government has raised the Bank of England's interest rate by 0.06% for the first time since the financial crisis.
A sell-off in US and European bonds has continued, with investors worried that President Donald Trump's economic policies may not be a good thing.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, helped by the launch of its new fresh food brands.
A driver was stopped by police for trying to find Sam Smith's song on You tube.
Actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed that she is unable to read or write because of a degenerative eye condition.
A farmer has described how his tractor was stuck in a muck heap after being told to take a right.
All images are copyrighted.
Proposals for universal basic income in Wales are "far too expensive", a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher has said.
Two north Wales hospitals have been rated "inadequate" by the health board following a series of failings in food hygiene.
Welsh voters have been given a huge boost after the coalition government collapsed.
Trawsfynydd could be the site for a new nuclear reactor, the Unite union has said.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed Paul Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
Cannabis is legal in the UK, but the government has no plans to legalise the drug, according to a group of MPs.
Tunisians have voted in presidential elections, with a candidate claiming to be the first post-independence leader in the country.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign Dundee United midfielder Ryan Erskine for an undisclosed fee.
Tax experts from the Big Four accountancy firms have defended their use of tax havens.
The HPV vaccine has reduced the number of cervical cancer cases in Scotland, according to new research.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he spoke to several clubs about the vacant manager's job at Aston Villa in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a German man who claims he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
Scotland is lagging behind the rest of the UK in the number of small businesses doing more online, according to a new report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected data on the US services sector.
A 22-year-old man has been jailed for five years for raping a 16-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg could face team orders if they fail to follow new rules on contact and collisions.
Porn websites banned in Russia have been removed from the internet, the government agency has said.
The birthplace of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named in a list of the top 10 historic buildings in England.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new prime minister.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen is to quit her post as president of the country's main opposition party, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Jamie Francis says he is relieved to be retained in Wales' Six Nations squad despite their loss to England.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted by a group of men in Flintshire.
The future of a vulnerable rail line in Devon could be at risk by 2040, according to a new study by academics.
Network Rail has said it will compensate passengers affected by flooding on the Dover to London rail line.
Thousands of people have gathered in Glastonbury to watch the music festival get under way.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has written to the presiding officer of the Welsh Assembly to warn of the dangers of "aggressive" debate on Brexit.
Last year, I became the first person to write a blog about business reporting for the BBC.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
When Victoria Barker was told she had Down's syndrome, she was devastated.
A "zombified" father has raised more than £150,000 by selling his "green monster" pushchair on eBay.
A former Rabobank trader has pleaded guilty to rigging key interest rates in the US.
Hull FC winger Joe Arundel has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England have been criticised by a leading NHS charity.
Helen Jenkins has a "strong case" to be included in Britain's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics, says former world champion Laura Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Northern Ireland assets to the Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency.
US aerospace tycoon Woody Allen has launched a private space venture.
A legal challenge has been launched against the Scottish government's approval of three offshore wind farms.
A man who admitted raping two girls in Fife has been told he is fit to be discharged from hospital.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
South Sudan's civil war is threatening to engulf the country.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can end Rangers' six-game unbeaten run and reach the Scottish Cup final.
The mascot of a Derbyshire regiment has been promoted to the rank of lance corporal.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a raid on a shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, killing at least seven people, officials say.
The word "binge-watch" has been named as the word of the year by the Collins Dictionary of English.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned after the team were knocked out of the World Cup.
The NHS in England is being squeezed by high prices for generic cancer drugs, according to researchers at the Cancer Drugs Fund conference.
Kenya's Mwai Kibaki has failed to win the $5m (??3.2m; Â£3.8m) Nobel Peace Prize, launched by the billionaire businessman Ibrahim.
A yellow "be aware" warning for gale force winds has been issued for parts of the Western Isles for the rest of the week.
Michelle Terry is to become the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe.
A man who went missing with his two-year-old daughter has been found safe and well.
It's not every day you get a chance to work with one of the world's most famous musicians.
A Banksy mural that went missing from a Poundland store is to go on display for the first time.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese resort city of Macau have fallen sharply in the three months to September, according to official figures.
Indian writers have returned their awards to the Sahitya Akademi, the country's literary council.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of one of Oxfordshire's oldest universities.
A man arrested in connection with the disappearance of Swansea businessman Mark Warburton has been released on bail pending further inquiries.
Britain's Adam Yates won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine to move into the overall lead.
England midfielder James Milner has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal were held to a goalless draw by Hull City in the FA Cup second round.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung, accusing it of infringing some of its technology.
The death of Col Muammar Gaddafi's brother Saif al-Arab is a significant moment in the Libyan conflict.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a five-year-old girl was hit by a car.
The Scottish government has warned MSPs that a deal on devolving new tax powers to Holyrood could be delayed until further notice.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has warned of a "serious concern" over the militarisation of the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has said David Cameron is "not master of all he surveys in the House of Commons" after he pulled out of a vote on the Hunting Act.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking her to set out a timetable for an inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire.
Ospreys have signed Wales prop Brian Mujati on a two-year deal.
A British man who went missing on a mountain in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his girlfriend has said.
A memorial service has been held for Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson, who died at the age of 91.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that its giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant.
The blackbird has been chosen as the nation's official bird, according to a campaign by a leading bird enthusiast.
Austrian police have arrested a man they say is a Nazi lookalike who has been photographed outside the birthplace of Adolf Hitler.
A man has died after being stabbed in South Yorkshire.
Two railway lines in central London have been temporarily closed due to the Grenfell Tower fire.
Joe Root has the "fire in his belly" to become England's new Test captain, says fast bowler James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that it would allow internet access for millions of people in May, the internet was in turmoil.
Jordy Gray's second-half penalty earned Burnley a narrow win over Blackburn to move them up to second in the Championship.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create up to 11,000 jobs at its Solihull plant in the UK.
Corey Whitely's first-half strike earned Dagenham a 1-0 victory at Eastleigh.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool.
A man who was stabbed to death at a bar in south London has been named by police.
A list of the oldest trees in the UK has been revealed as part of a competition to find the UK's best tree.
A man and two teenage girls have died after being rescued from the sea in Conwy county.
About 100 jobs are to go at a Kerry Foods factory in Londonderry.
Jellyfish stings on Anglesey have prompted a warning to swimmers to avoid the water.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by her boyfriend and his girlfriend in a "sadistic" killing, a court has heard.
The Duke of Edinburgh has given birth to his first child.
Wales have called up Ospreys wing Joe Thornton for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa.
A planning inspector has refused to reopen an examination of the county council's plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs.
The UK Border Agency must do more to deal with the "over-stayers" who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the inspector general has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as the world's most influential woman.
DNA evidence has been used to convict a Pembrokeshire farmer of stealing more than 100 sheep.
An exhibition celebrating the work of the artist William Blake has opened in London.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump is less of a threat to global security than a new Cold War, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has confirmed that it is in talks with Deutsche Boerse to merge its London and Frankfurt offices.
Imagine sitting in a hot tub, with oak bunches sticking out of your back.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service.
Australian Airlines chief executive Alan Joyce has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for a vote on same-sex marriage.
Striker Marko Jakupovic made a string of fine saves as Hull City held Manchester United to a draw at Old Trafford.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's all-time pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and Shannon's home in Stepping Hill, Greater Manchester, is filled with memories of their son, Kayden.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party over a "hate campaign" against her.
St Johnstone extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with a draw against Rangers.
When it comes to losing, it's easy to say that losing is a bad thing.
A man who was shot dead by police has been named by the police watchdog.
John Terry says he has "too much to give" as he considers his future at Chelsea.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale beat Premiership leaders Wasps to go top of the table.
Lewis Hamilton is the fastest driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races.
Sri Lankan authorities are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide that swept away a village on Tuesday.
Justin Gatlin set a new world record in the 200m to qualify for the Rio Olympics in August.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cut-backs in the use of customised "rest chambers" on his European flights after a newspaper reported the cost.
India's security forces have violated a law that allows them to shoot and arrest suspected militants in Indian-administered Kashmir, Amnesty International says.
The sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his former lover will be streamed live on Twitter.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to a Muslim family in the US after falsely claiming they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the toymaker refused to sell its products to him.
Miranda Miranda has opened her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in the hit musical Annie.
Homeless people in Northampton are refusing to leave the streets, according to a report.
Mikheil Saakashvili is one of the most powerful men in the world, but he is also the most controversial.
A charity has warned of a "shocking" rise in the number of people seeking help for work problems in Scotland.
West Ham came from behind to beat Juventus 4-2 on aggregate in their first Premier League game at Upton Park.
At least 11 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in northern Nigeria, officials say.
Sixteen-time Paralympic medallists have been named in the Great Britain squad for the World Cup rowing event in Florida.
Wales internationals Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate and Hallam Amos have signed new dual contracts with their clubs.
Aston Villa have signed former England captain Chris Coleman on a two-year contract.
It's been a year since Theresa May said the UK would not be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union.
Bees from the Africanised honey bee could be used to help scientists identify which plants help them produce more honey.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Oldham.
The cost of the botched West Coast rail franchise could be as much as £8.9m, MPs have warned.
The Nobel Prize in physics is one of the most prestigious scientific awards in the world, but few women have been recognised for their achievements.
Former world champion Jim Hendry has been beaten 4-0 by former world champion Gary Lines in the first round of the Scunthorpe Classic.
The Scottish independence referendum has been a referendum on the future of the BBC.
Taxpayers should be given the right to contribute to the NHS and social care if they choose, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Clyde City manager Alex Ferguson admits he is struggling to keep his side in contention for the Scottish League Two play-offs.
The EU referendum is a referendum on whether or not the country should remain in the European Union.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been found during a dig in County Monaghan.
Parents have claimed they are being "punished" by a council for cutting free bus transport for their children.
A mass has been held in Glasgow to mark the first anniversary of the earthquake in Italy.
It's been a year since Australia's prime minister was mauled by a dog.
Lewis Hamilton edged Mercedes team-mate Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged in connection with a fraud at the T in the Park music festival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time since the city was handed back to the mainland in 1997.
A protest has been held in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu over the appointment of a rapper as the party's new chief minister.
Police in China have arrested 11 people in connection with a landslide at a landfill in Shenzhen.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, according to a leading environmental group.
A US judge has acquitted a police officer of manslaughter over the deaths of two black women in Cleveland.
Russia has condemned a series of bomb attacks in Syria that left at least 120 people dead.
Promotion to the Premiership will be scrapped from next season, with Championship clubs eligible for a first-past-the-post system.
The cost of recycling household waste has dropped by more than 45% in the past year, figures have shown.
The World Economic Forum is taking place in Davos, Switzerland, this week.
A knife has been found in the grounds of a Dumfries and Galloway school, police have said.
The first round of the UK Championship takes place in York on Thursday.
Red Bull's performance in the Australian Grand Prix was disappointing, with the team finishing third in the championship.
The Scottish independence referendum is taking place on 8 June.
A campaign has been launched to promote Perth's reputation as a "beautiful city" after years of "city-centre decay".
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the chance to play for England again.
The funeral of Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer Kieran Kerr is being held in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's Solicitor General.
A ferry has crashed into a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Ruth Black has been named the UK's Young Politician of the Year by NME magazine.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the law on assisted dying in England and Wales.
Porto reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Bayern Munich.
Tottenham Hotspur have settled a legal case brought by the family of a 15-year-old boy who died after a heart attack.
Actress Keira Knightley is to star in a Broadway adaptation of Tolstoy's classic play.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
A 10-year-old boy from Toronto has apologised after a page of a comic book was ripped out of his bed.
Welshman Jason Waites says he will return to competitive action after recovering from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship for the first time.
Wakefield Trinity Dragons prop Ben Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Ladies have signed Germany international Laura Linden from German club Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been told to respond to an MP's call for him to appear before the House of Commons select committee.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has dismissed claims that his players have been drinking alcohol during the World Cup.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move up to second in the Scottish Premiership.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after they were knocked out of the Champions League.
The families of three people who died in a raft accident at Dreamworld theme park in Australia have been paying tribute to them.
A Dundee man has admitted possessing drugs with a street value of more than £300,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A gang member has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in north-east London.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for Asia.
Two men have been jailed for sexually exploiting a teenage girl in Hertfordshire.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
Police investigating the murder of a man at a house in Cambridgeshire have named a man they want to speak to.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said she wants his organs to be used for transplant.
Bath fly-half George North has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build a circuit in Monmouthshire has been told it is "difficult to conclude" whether the land is of equal value.
Garry Thompson scored his first goal for Morecambe as they came from behind to beat Cheltenham.
The number of suicides under the care of crisis teams in mental health is at a record high, according to a new report.
Ulster won the All-Ireland Club Football Championship for the first time with a 4-13 to 1-13 victory over Connacht at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs have been asked to improve the quality of the coffee they serve in Holyrood's House of Commons.
Hospitals in Wales may have to postpone some operations until after Christmas, according to the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons.
Ethiopia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, with a population of more than 39.5 million people.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat drifted off the coast of Lough Swilly.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says he will defend his Criterium du Dauphine against Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people who tried to sell a rare snake on the black market.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has left the country after being impeached by the Senate for manipulating the budget.
Derry City were held to a goalless draw by Wexford in the Irish Premiership.
A mountain rescue charity has called for "serious consideration" over how it is managed after a rise in callouts to Crib Goch.
Paris St-Germain have completed the £198m signing of Neymar from Barcelona for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic's January transfer window was dominated by the signing of Fulham's 18-year-old Turkish winger Omer Turk and the arrival of Manchester City's Midtjylland on loan.
Torrent-sharing site The Pirate Bay has suffered a major cyber attack.
A £2,000 prize has been awarded to a UK-based roboticist who has revolutionised the way prosthetics are made.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon has come a long way since he took office in 2015.
A hospital in Shropshire could lose its A&E department under plans being considered by the NHS.
Scott Brown is a "big part of my career", according to Scotland coach Gordon Strachan.
EDF has formally signed a contract with China to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
The number of calls to an Army support helpline has risen, according to the Salvation Army (SSAFA).
A former Met Police detective has been jailed for five years for making and possessing indecent images of children.
Should there be a coup to be staged in the Labour Party?
World number one Mark Selby's hopes of reaching the World Championship semi-finals were dealt a blow as he was beaten 6-2 by Fu Junhui.
Scotland midfielder Charlotte Evans says reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation".
The family of a teacher stabbed to death at a school have called for an independent inquiry into the case.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he would be a "huge disappointment" if his players did not agree to a new contract at the club.
Nepal's government has said it will restrict the number of people who can climb Mount Everest, the world's highest mountain.
The family of a man killed in a head-on crash on the M1 have called for a change in the law to make it easier for older people to drive.
A US man who was sentenced to six years in jail for sexually assaulting a woman in the US state of Ohio has been released.
Plans to protect the railway line between Devon and Cornwall have been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has unveiled a porcelain urinal that has been likened to a "fountain".
The centenary of one of the world's most influential artists is to be celebrated at the Scottish National College (SMO).
The rollout of superfast broadband in parts of Scotland has been criticised by BT.
Education Secretary Carwyn Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be the worst performing nation in the UK by 2021.
Police in India have arrested three people in connection with the TalkTalk data breach.
A man has been arrested in the US state of Iowa on suspicion of killing two police officers.
The Scottish government has increased the number of student teacher places in Scotland by more than £50m.
Mark Lawrie says he is "back to his best" as Europe prepare for the Ryder Cup in the United States next month.
The Unison union has backed Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour Party leadership contest, saying it is confident he will win the backing of its members.
England's Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Arizona.
Jamie Heaslip has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Wales on Saturday because of a back injury.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council has been suspended following allegations of failings in safeguarding procedures.
Netflix has become the first video streaming service to expand beyond the US.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have announced the departure of manager John Hughes.
There is a sense of relief in Greece that the new bailout deal has finally been agreed.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not be charged with involvement in the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
Golfers can live longer than non-golfers, according to a new report.
Catalans Dragons have re-signed former New South Wales international Tom Mason on a one-year deal after he was ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
(Close): Shares in fashion house Burberry rose after a number of broker upgrades.
Muslim Match, a dating website for married Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's Vice-President, accusing him of being in the pay of a convicted drug lord.
A man has been stabbed in the leg in west Belfast.
A novel by a British author set in the Cold War has gone on sale in the US.
Tanzania's President Joseph Kikwete has sacked a government minister after she accepted a $1m (Â£1.5m) donation to a school.
She had come prepared to apologise.
JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (£11bn) fine to the US government over its role in the mortgage-backed securities scandal, reports say.
Welsh cyclist Becky James will be fit to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio despite injury, says her coach Mark Sutton.
South Korea's SK Telecom has won the inaugural League of Legends (LoL) title.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored his first goal for Sheffield United as they beat Bury.
A 19-year-old man has been discharged from hospital after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
All pictures are copyrighted.
A man has been charged in connection with the Paris attacks, French prosecutors say.
Great Britain's Katie Tutton and Hannah Guy won gold medals at the European Swimming Championships in Budapest.
Minster Mary McLeod has said the government is willing to consider offering loans to crofters who find it hard to get a mortgage.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to leave the club.
The pound has fallen against other currencies after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level since August.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of how carbon came to Earth more than 100 million years ago.
Asian shares were mostly higher on Friday, following gains in the US and Europe.
The FBI is seeking access to an iPhone belonging to San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Ayr United's new badge has been unveiled after a vote of more than 1,000 people.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff.
A West Yorkshire teenager who travelled to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group has been killed, police have confirmed.
Five Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the Super League club.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being forced into his bedroom told his mother he was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest has heard.
A man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been granted a variation in his bail conditions.
A new £2.5m centre to improve the way people are treated and treated wounds has been launched in Cardiff.
On Thursday night President Donald Trump appeared to change his mind on foreign policy.
Mark Foderingham says he is "disappointed and disappointed" by the behaviour of Rangers captain Scott Sinclair.
Prince's son called police after the singer's doctor failed to see him the day before he died, his lawyer has said.
Edinburgh's Twelve Closes are to be transformed into a tourist attraction as part of a £1.5m project.
Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted to ban the wearing of full face veils in public places.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car.
Former Ireland captain Paul O'Connell has been appointed as Munster's new director of rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Lib Dems as an adviser to Jeremy Corbyn.
The amount of cocaine being grown in Colombia has increased by more than 50% in the past year, according to a new report.
You might think of a 19-year-old from Fife as the stereotypical Scottish winger.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic taekwondo champion Emmanuel Cisse says he has become a national symbol after winning gold in Rio.
Southern rail has said it will hold talks with union leaders over a dispute over guards' jobs and safety.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the Portuguese city of Porto, officials say.
Cristian is growing his own cannabis plants in a park in Uruguay's capital, Montevideo.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte has been auctioned for charity.
A major oil platform in the North Sea has been shut down after a leak of hydrocarbons.
Two British tourists have gone on trial in Abu Dhabi accused of spying on planes.
Hearts have completed the signing of Norway international Christian Johnsen from Danish side Den Haag on a two-year deal.
Two young people have been given the chance to become monks of old in Monmouthshire.
It is almost time for Louis van Gaal to get back to the top of the Premier League.
When you think of military crises, think of terrorism.
Wales' men's hockey team were beaten 3-1 by Scotland in the final of the EuroHockey Championships.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the "top drawer" qualities of back-row forward Sam Woodburn.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola has been drawn to face Manchester City in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he was "surprised" by the government's decision to remove the highest denomination currency notes from circulation.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Paul Casey is three shots off the lead after the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended its own litter enforcement officers after a BBC Panorama programme revealed they had been fined for tipping coffee down a drain.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after a closely watched survey showed a rise in UK services activity.
A second night of rioting has broken out in London, with police officers injured and shops looted.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has increased by more than 5% in the past five years, figures show.
England's Euro 2016 quarter-final against Russia on Saturday will be one of the most important games of the tournament so far.
The public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales will not be forced to reveal details of its operations, a preliminary ruling has ruled.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to review video footage of a match between Keighley Cougars and Fryston Warriors in which a player was bitten on the ear.
US actress Shirley Temple Black has died at the age of 95.
League Two side MK Dons have signed Millwall defender Abdou for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A Porto player has been banned for four years for an attack on a referee.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is celebrating his 70th birthday at the Albert Hall.
A woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin has been named as Rachel Winning.
A police force has been criticised for under-recording crimes, including child sexual exploitation, in Rotherham.
Gillingham manager Paul Brown has appealed against the red card shown to him in the 2-2 draw with Southend.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has launched her first official visit to a primary school in the Scottish Borders.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede at a Hindu festival in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Emmanuel Assou-Ekotto has signed a new one-year contract with St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major reshuffle of his government.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrades to his Nkandla residence.
The body of a third man has been recovered from the site of the collapsed Rotherham Power Station.
A Gwynedd teacher who sent sexually inappropriate messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
A chick has hatched at the Loch of the Lowes National Wildlife Reserve in Perthshire.
A fire at a house in County Tyrone is being treated as suspicious.
A care home in Cornwall has been rated inadequate by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Donald Trump has made a number of controversial statements during his first 100 days in office.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary in Dorset are searching a river in a bid to recover the weapon.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London.
Welsh Premiership side Exiles have been taken over by a US-based group after the club went into administration.
A former care worker has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a Sussex boarding school.
Head teachers are to be given seminars to help them deal with the dangers of radicalisation in schools.
Theresa May has called North Korea's recent missile test "outrageous" and "provocative".
Actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Star Wars film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United are close to completing a move for any of their top players in the January transfer window.
A medieval bridge which was part of the tram network for centuries has been uncovered.
The UK has recorded its hottest day since records began, with temperatures reaching 38.7C (98F) in London.
The death of the Germanwings pilot, Andreas Lubitz, is the latest in a series of high-profile suicides in recent years.
John Andrew scored two tries as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons in the Pro12.
Scientists say they have found a "jackpot" piece of asteroid material in the crater where the dinosaurs crashed into Earth.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a " rotten deal" from the European Union.
Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both hit centuries in Glamorgan's opening County Championship game of the season against Gloucestershire.
Police investigating the death of a man in west Belfast have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to play a musical instrument?
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke is one of the most talented pop singers in the world.
A school rated inadequate by the education watchdog is to be investigated over whether it should close.
Three UK intelligence agencies have increased their recruitment targets for women by more than 50% in the past year.
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire has been awarded a knighthood by the Mayor of Doncaster.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Motherwell defender Ryan Jules on loan until the end of the season.
The European Commission has blocked Hutchison Hutchison's planned takeover of O2.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
League One leaders Oldham extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 2-0 win over struggling Peterborough.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Scientists are working to better understand the effects of solar flares on the Earth.
Bath have signed Leicester Tigers centre Geoff Parling and Leicester Tigers prop Olly Woodburn on season-long loan deals.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 lower, with Antofagasta leading the way.
A charity auction for a lunch with Apple founder Tim Cook has raised more than $100,000 (Â£65,000).
Victor Traore has withdrawn from Guinea's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Swaziland.
Cape Verde's hopes of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia.
An Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire has opened its doors to the public.
Rail staff could be trained to stop people taking their own lives, the Samaritans has said.
Susie Wolff will drive for Williams for the first time in 2015, the team have confirmed.
Nottingham Forest have signed Bristol Rovers defender Ryan Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden in memory of their mother to mark the anniversary of her death.
Police in Spain say they have foiled a van attack in Barcelona, which left 130 people dead.
Work to install traffic lights on a roundabout in Chester has been delayed until the end of the year.
Phil Taylor will meet Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld in the quarter-finals of the World Championship after beating Kim Huybrechts in the second round.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are being invited to take part in a project to unlock the secrets of their DNA.
Chris Crofts says he has been given the "best opportunity" to earn a Wales call-up.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England recovered from a first-innings collapse to beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in their first warm-up match in Johannesburg.
A helicopter has been recovered from the Snowdonia peak after it was forced to make a "precautionary landing" on the mountain.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has told MSPs the Scottish government's funding deal with local authorities does not merit an 18% increase in council tax.
All images are copyrighted.
On Monday morning, thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to watch the launch of the UK's most advanced science experiment.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician.
A campaigner has called on the UK government to intervene in a dispute over the right of way to a war memorial in France.
The mayor of London, David Cameron, has been hailed as the "man of the moment" in European media, with commentators calling him a "hero" and a "threat" to the Conservative Party.
Ulster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A woman has said she is "furious" after being told she could not get a job because she was a "home educated oddball".
The return of actor Jim Broadbent to the London stage of Dickens' Scrooge has been met with mixed reviews.
There has been a surge in the number of free period tracking apps on the market.
The sister of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has said her brother will carry with him for the rest of his life.
Salford Red Devils have released Josh Chase and Ben Paterson and are set to sign Josh Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be "very difficult" to qualify for the Europa League this season.
Dame Judi Dench is to help raise funds for a school in Surrey.
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Patients at hundreds of GP surgeries in England are facing "painful" waiting times, the Conservatives have said.
American Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" after winning the PGA Championship for the first time in his career.
Five men who blew up cash machines outside a Liverpool restaurant were justified in firing shots at them, a police watchdog has said.
The number of motorcyclists killed in London has more than doubled in the past five years, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Northern Ireland defender Ryan McNair has been selected to represent Manchester United in the Milk Cup for the first time.
A Wrexham hospital has been told to improve its A&E department and ward processes after inspectors found staff were under pressure.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The man accused of shooting dead five people at a Florida airport has appeared in court in the US state of Florida.
A man accused of planning to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not believe the intended victim existed.
New Zealand and the US have agreed to designate the Ross Sea as an Important Marine Protected Area (MPA).
A record number of people have taken part in Leicester's Hindu festival of lights.
Jackie Collins, the author of Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men, has died aged 84, her family has said.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of poisoning her four husbands with cyanide, reports say.
A sturgeon that escaped from a flood-hit fish centre has been found in a car wash.
Former West Indies all-rounder Ben Simmons has been sacked as head coach for Wednesday's one-day international against Sri Lanka.
A drug dealer who went on the run after posting pictures of himself on social media has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing presenter Steve Evans has spoken out about the "bullying" he has received from his partner Ola Jordan.
A comedy film about the struggles of people with mental health problems is to be shot in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will have to rely on youth players to fill a "scary" hole in his squad.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has confirmed that the rocket that exploded in Florida last week was not working.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two men who were wrongly arrested and falsely imprisoned by the Metropolitan Police have been awarded more than £100,000 in damages.
The First Lady of Zimbabwe, Grace Mugabe, has been granted immunity from prosecution in South Africa, the government has said.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage dancers to jail after they performed a dance reminiscent of World War Two victory celebrations.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Portsmouth defender Ryan Webster for an undisclosed fee and brought in Portsmouth midfielder Jordan Clarke for an initial fee.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald says he does not believe Polish coaches are trying to downgrade the standard of Scottish football.
Welsh 800m champion Katie Peake is targeting a personal best of 4.50m to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
The attack on a school in Peshawar on Wednesday was the latest in a series of attacks on Pakistani schools in recent years.
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off its four main business units as part of a "bold new course to unlock value".
League Two side Morecambe have signed former Preston North End midfielder Tom Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal.
China's environmental ministry has issued a series of "severe pollution" alerts for 10 of the country's major cities.
"Morality police" forces patrol the streets of Iran, enforcing the country's strict Islamic dress code.
Wakefield Trinity beat Huddersfield Giants to reach the Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history.
A car has ended up on top of a Volkswagen Golf in the middle of a road in Dumfries and Galloway.
The latest X-Men film, The Imitation Game, has been named best film at the Empire Awards.
The oil industry is changing rapidly, but not in the way that BP and Exxon Mobil have predicted, according to the American oil company's chief scientist, Mark Barak.
An Asda store in Greater Manchester is to turn off screens and music in a bid to help autistic people feel more comfortable.
Ten years ago, in the midst of the war in Syria, David Barrett was helping to find new homes for thousands of abandoned dogs and cats.
An artificial intelligence system has beaten a professional video game tester.
Aston Villa have appointed Chinese businessman Dr Xiaochuan as their new chief executive.
The head of Brazil's security services has denied that the country's intelligence agency warned French authorities of a possible attack on the Rio Olympics.
Lee Swanson has signed a new two-year contract with St Johnstone, with the option of a further year.
The EU is trying to find a solution to the migrant crisis, which has gripped Europe since the start of 2015.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled the world's first commercial petrol engine that uses the advantages of its internal combustion engine.
A Crystal Palace fan has been found guilty of throwing a baton at police during the FA Cup third-round tie at Selhurst Park.
A medical examiner in Guatemala has ordered the retrial of former military chief General Rios Montt.
A Stoke-on-Trent hospital has warned people not to enter its accident and emergency department to play Pokemon Go.
Newcastle Falcons have signed fly-half Toby Flood from Leicester Tigers.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of British hip-hop.
Danny Mayor scored a stoppage-time winner as Bury came from behind to beat Millwall.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after a three-month mission to the International Space Station.
The founder of a charity which helped save Cardigan Castle has resigned.
A police officer has been shot dead during an attempted arrest in Germany, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he wants his players to be "physical, fair and brutal" in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Johnston Press, the owner of The Scotsman, has reported a rise in profits and revenues for the first three months of the year.
A Birmingham free school praised by Prime Minister David Cameron has been rated "outstanding" by Ofsted.
A campaign set up by families of British soldiers killed in the Iraq war has raised more than £100,000.
China's Ma Ying-jeou won gold in the men's singles at the Rio Olympics with a 4-1 victory over compatriot Zhang Shuai.
An Australian woman who was forced to retire from triathlon after being badly burned in a bushfire has returned to the sport.
In the past few years, it's been easy to forget that the world's biggest pharmaceuticals company, AstraZeneca, is one of the biggest companies in the world.
The James Webb Space Telescope is ready to go into orbit.
Morocco has agreed to rejoin the African Union (AU) after rejecting a request from Algeria to accept independence of Western Sahara.
US actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country, says former international striker Segun Odegbami.
Police have said there were no incidents during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a public consultation on Scottish independence once it has concluded.
More than 200,000 people have donated blood to help save the life of a five-year-old girl who was given the all-clear for chemotherapy.
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the use of "crime porn".
A shopping centre in east London has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
A controversial law aimed at curbing the use of social media to criticise the government has been scrapped.
Hungary is one of the poorest countries in Central Europe and has suffered from the effects of the collapse of communism.
A woman was set on fire by a group of men who set fire to her hair during an attack at a McDonald's, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has said he will veto a controversial bill that would ban gay sex.
Award-winning actress Ava DuVernay has criticised the studio behind the upcoming Gods of Egypt film for failing to "live up to our own standards of sensitivity and diversity".
Wales will begin their Euro 2016 campaign with a game against Belgium on Wednesday in Cardiff.
A teenager has been charged in connection with the death of a pregnant woman in east London.
Oscar-winning actor Kevin Kline is to star in the new Beauty and the Beast film.
Warrenpoint Town will host Dungannon Swifts in the Irish Premiership at Mourneview Park on Monday.
Superfast broadband is not an optional nice thing to have in Wales, a leading technology executive has said.
An MP has called for a meeting with the Italian government to discuss the case of a woman who was found stabbed to death in Italy.
Output from the UK's industrial and construction sectors fell in February, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are being urged to get into work.
Swansea City have extended the loan spell of Southampton striker Jordan Grimes until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle banned items into a prison.
Gusts of up to 55mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Indian author Shailesh Ghosh has been taking to Twitter to share his views of the President's official residence in Delhi.
A town is "better prepared for flooding" than it was when a flood bridge collapsed, a report has found.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Alex Moore and ex-MK Dons defender David Spence on loan.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a six-wicket win at Glamorgan.
Iceland beat the Netherlands 2-0 to go top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared, have been formally identified, the BBC has learned.
Olympic swimming champion Laura Adlington has opened a £1.5m swimming pool at the Great Yarmouth Sports Centre.
Plans for a housing development at Stoke-on-Trent's former stadium have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen after the department store chain reported a sharp fall in sales.
The UK's National Radio Agency (Nats) has developed a system that can bounce radio waves off wind turbines.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating 56 cases of alleged police failures in relation to child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed former Ajax and Feyenoord striker Yohan Cabaye on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists say they have identified a gene which may be causing men to have an unexplained inability to produce sperm.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been forced to cancel a visit to Northern Ireland because of illness.
A church has been left with a "musty smell" after a colony of bats caused it to become infested with urine and faeces.
French police have arrested five people on suspicion of murder over the death of a teenager in a clash in Paris.
Tony Bellew says he will not fight world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua next.
Maesteg Harlequins prop Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping after testing positive for two banned substances.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the first time with a straight-set win over Italy's Elena Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property is likely to rise by more than a third in the next five years, according to a survey.
West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton defender Danny Duffy believes a Morton win against Rangers would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged with rape after a woman was allegedly sexually assaulted in Sunderland.
Plans to store electricity in quarries in Snowdonia have been approved by the Welsh government.
Match report to follow.
Wales secured their place in the last 16 of the 1986 World Cup with a 3-1 victory over England at Cheltenham.
Prof Stephen Hawking has called for a rethink of science education in the UK.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a car was set on fire in East Lothian.
A man with a chronic illness has called for all Welsh councils to be ordered to provide a set number of toilets per population area.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to strike in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the bomber who carried out last week's suicide bombing in the capital, Ankara.
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been rejected by the natural resources authority.
A pensioner has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenage netball player by dangerous driving.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than any other ban on smoking in the UK, the party's deputy leader has said.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in Timperley, Lancashire, to mark the 70th anniversary of his death.
Firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A man has told a court he was left with numbness in his fingers and ringing in his ears after a car crash in which his electric guitar was damaged.
It's been another busy week for me at Wimbledon.
A tiny pad of paper has been appraised for the first time in a BBC documentary.
Airbus and one of the world's biggest companies, OneWeb, have launched a multi-billion-dollar constellation of satellites.
A mother and her two-year-old child have been found safe and well in Pembrokeshire.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has failed in his bid to have his murder conviction reduced to manslaughter.
A court in Japan has ordered the reopening of two nuclear reactors that were closed after the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first comedy festival has been launched.
Ex-Crewe Alexandra and England footballer Chris Woodward has said he is "still waiting" for police to visit him over allegations of historical child abuse.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in revenge porn laws.
The chief executive of India's Dera Sacha Sauda sect has resigned after a controversial film was cleared for release.
Is it time for a new hairstyle?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of BBC Radio 2's Strictly Come Dancing.
More than half of rail passengers are overpaying for their tickets, according to new research by the Office of Rail and Road.
Hundreds of university staff have taken part in a strike in a dispute over pay.
How do you get your Christmas ad into a prime time spot?
Glasgow-based agribusiness firm Aggreko has agreed to buy dry cleaning specialist Dryco for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has welcomed Donald Trump's US election victory, saying he shares similarities with the man who defeated Hillary Clinton.
Three men have been cautioned after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed that the band are planning a world tour.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Belinda Bencic in the first round of the US Open.
Preston's hopes of making the Championship play-offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw at Barnsley.
A South Korean basketball player has been arrested on suspicion of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she had a South Korean grandmother.
Families with two or more children will be eligible for government-supported childcare vouchers, the government has announced.
Plans to host the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion have been approved by the county council.
Leigh Centurions head coach Gary Rowley has resigned after the club's poor start to the season.
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 Finnish people taking part in a trial of a basic income.
Mount Etna in Iceland has erupted again, this time spewing ash into the air.
Scotland scrum-half George Pyrgos says he is relishing the prospect of being named World Cup captain.
Iraqi forces have retaken the last town in the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the first time since cancelling a planned meeting.
It's not every day you see a lookalike of Taylor Swift.
(Close): The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed higher on Monday, boosted by gains in oil and gas companies.
Football is one of the most exciting sports in the world.
A third foot has been found in a park in Bristol, police have said.
Plans to demolish five historic hotels and apartments have been approved by Bournemouth councillors.
A Pakistani judge has recused himself from hearing an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy.
The wait for mental health treatment in Wales is to be cut from six to four weeks, the Welsh government has announced.
Former Australian rugby league star Josh Hunt has been charged with cocaine trafficking in South East Queensland.
Former England batsman Chris Lewis hopes his return from prison will help young players avoid the pitfalls of a professional career.
Ross County moved up to second in the Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved to within three points of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at Thomond Park.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Thokozile Mosimane says his side must fight for their place in the second round of the African Champions League after their 2-0 home defeat by KCCA.
A Cornish tin mine which was featured in the TV series Poldark is to be restored.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his rival Ted Cruz of "losing the Iowa caucus".
Olympic silver medallist Caitlin Carlin says she has been helped by a sports psychologist after winning two gold medals at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been named as the new manager of England.
In the wake of the death of George Galloway, the BBC's Dead Ringers cast a pall of gloom over the nation's impressionists.
An unpublished letter written by Lewis by his wife Anne has sold at auction for £1,500.
Loganair has completed the first of its fleet of aircraft to undergo a major refurbishment.
A five-year-old girl who went missing from a hospital in south-west London has been found safe and well, police have said.
Volkswagen says it will delay its second-quarter results as it continues to cope with the fallout from its emissions scandal.
Thousands of people have been protesting in the Darjeeling hills in the Indian state of West Bengal after a strike by a pro- Gorkha movement.
Norwich City striker Andre Tettey says he is "happy" after scoring his first goal of the season against Southampton.
Great Britain beat New Zealand 4-3 to secure their place in the final of the Women's Hockey World League.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has confirmed that its secretary general, Mohammed El Amrani, has resigned.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing from Cardiff hospital.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new Test captain after Michael Clarke announced his retirement from international cricket.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Firhill.
A man who was more than twice the drink-drive limit has been banned from driving for six years after he was found unconscious in his car.
Championship side Fulham have signed Birmingham City defender James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, Labour MP David Blunkett has suggested.
Gateshead maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a 1-1 draw at home to Guiseley.
League One side Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Alex Robinson and Ipswich midfielder Ryan Pringle on one-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has defended its decision to allow the Orange Order to take part in a parade in the city, amid claims of anti-Semitism.
Scientists in the UK are to carry out gene editing in human embryos.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Manuka to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
It's been a tough few weeks for the NHS in England.
Father John D'Arcy has said he would have to resign if he was in charge of the Irish Catholic Church.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a two-vehicle crash.
A suspicious vehicle has been found on a road in Glasgow.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 50,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year.
Kurdish forces have accused Islamic State (IS) of using chemical weapons against them in northern Iraq.
A man has been rescued from a sinking car in a reservoir after a police pursuit.
A new website allowing people to check on care in England has been launched.
An artificial intelligence (AI) program is to be used to make investment decisions for a pharmaceutical firm.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered to pay $10m (£7m) in damages to a woman who died after using its talcum powder.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia to take the overall lead.
Morecambe's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as Adebayo Akinfenwa's second-half goal earned them a 1-1 draw with Wycombe.
An 86-year-old woman was robbed at knifepoint while shopping at a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
All images are copyrighted.
A mother and her two-year-old son have denied murdering their six-month-old daughter.
A Danish container ship has been seized in Iranian waters, the Danish shipping company Maersk has said.
Chelsea's Pedro is expected to be fit to face Bayern Munich on Tuesday after suffering a head injury in their Champions League win over China.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has gained the Cardiff South and Penarth seat from the Conservatives.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in Lincoln to protest against plans for two wind farms.
The signing of the Paris climate agreement has taken place, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife and their two children.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy has increased the number of people seeking genetic testing, research suggests.
The number of people waiting up to a year for their first cardiology appointment at the Ulster Hospital has risen by more than 50% in the past year.
A man has been injured after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a shop in north Belfast.
Natalie Stevens has been living in the Spanish city of Benavista since the summer of 2014.
More than 100 bottles of detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach.
Women's Super League One club Yeovil Town Ladies have extended the contract of striker Katie Heatherson until the end of the season.
A man from County Antrim has been released on bail after being arrested on suspicion of racially aggravated assault.
A council mayor has resigned after being accused of "misled" councillors over contracts awarded to a fitness company.
Shares in Premier Oil have risen after the company agreed to sell its North Sea assets to E.On.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the Irish Premiership as they came from behind to beat Bohs 2-1.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she shot at the tyres of a car.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough thrashed Bristol Rovers in League One.
A Pembrokeshire coach hire company is being put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Dundee United have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jose Etxabeguren on a one-year deal.
Smog has blanketed parts of the eastern Indian city of Chennai.
Fernando Fernandez was born in Miami, Florida, to a Cuban father and mother.
Islamic State (IS) militants have clashed with tribal leaders in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada flight from Canada to the US has made an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport.
Three brothers from Rotherham have been jailed for life for raping and sexually abusing young women in the 1970s and 1980s.
The UK's fishing industry is at risk of being "marginalised" if it leaves the European Union, a House of Lords review has warned.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
There is growing concern about the safety of London's streets following the terror attack in Paris.
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw defender Krystian Bielik on a season-long loan deal.
Rescue workers in Colombia are digging through mud to try to find survivors after a landslide killed more than 150 people.
A second man has been arrested as part of an investigation into the London Bridge terror attack on 8 June.
Uefa has suspended Spanish football federation president Alejandro Villar after he was arrested on suspicion of corruption.
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could lead to a "massive" economic impact on Scotland's zoos, a leading circus expert has warned.
A man who stabbed a public servant to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for eight years.
A German court has sentenced a man to death for his role in the killing of Syrian government workers.
Ross Wallace scored his first goal for Sheffield Wednesday as they beat Huddersfield at Hillsborough.
A French company has denied claims that a fuel additive was found in a faulty breast implant.
Labour should "shut up shop" if it loses the assembly election, the party's Welsh leader has said.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history.
Five councillors have admitted they fell asleep during a Commons Select Committee debate.
Italy's Francesco Molinari won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory over Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne at the BMW Championship.
Record numbers of black-tailed godwits have been spotted on Tiree in the Highlands, according to birdwatchers.
Chinese state media have reacted angrily to the US nominee for secretary of state, accusing him of naivety and unrealistic political fantasies.
French police say they have found a "large cat" in the countryside near a Paris theme park.
Four people have been arrested in the UK in connection with a growing practice of spying on webcams.
The chairman of Fifa's reform taskforce has denied he has applied for the post.
A children's book written by James Solomons has won the Waterstones Children's Prize for the first time.
Hundreds of children will have to travel to Hastings to be cared for under plans being considered by the NHS.
Guinea is to become the first country in the world to be declared free of Ebola after the virus was declared dead last month.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A £1m fundraising campaign to save a 17th Century painting has raised more than £3m.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 72.
A pilot and his tanker driver have been injured after their light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Mark McCall has criticised the "overzealous" behaviour of Millwall fans during Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final.
Talks on the Scottish government's fiscal framework have been postponed until next month.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former army general, Ibrahim Dasuki, has been arrested on suspicion of fraud in connection with an arms deal, officials say.
Georgia head coach David Haig says the country has outgrown the European Nations Championship.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the Hausa film industry after she appeared in a viral video.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has died at the age of 83.
A work of art is to be created to mark the 200th anniversary of the death of a Scottish poet.
In the centre of Timbuktu, a group of young men and women are enjoying the freedom of the city.
A Gwynedd police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man who was attacked in the street.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after an 11-year-old girl was injured in a "purdah" attack.
If you look at the pictures of Chile, you might be hard pressed to find a place which looks like a desert.
Police Scotland has said it does not know the full extent of the problem of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors of historical memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" in Muslim areas of the UK, a former police chief has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics after failing to qualify for the finals.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Toyota have fallen more than 5% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data.
Britain's renewed engagement with Libya has been hailed as a major step forward in the fight against the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Hollywood star George Clooney is considering installing CCTV cameras at his Oxfordshire home.
The general election is coming up on 8 June, and we're taking a look at what the parties say they'll do for young voters.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "slow, complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the Super Eagles.
England were comprehensively beaten by South Africa in their final one-day international before the World Twenty20 in March.
Stade Pierre-Mauroy have extended the contract of Ivory Coast forward Yannick Bissouma until the end of the season.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has suspended Bloemfontein's laboratory from carrying out anti-doping activities.
A lifeboat crew member has resigned after complaints of bullying.
As the International Cricket Council (ICC) prepares for Sunday's Champions Trophy final between India and Pakistan, one of its most important players is undoubtedly Virat Kohli.
A vicar has been cleared of sexually abusing a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes by the Wood Group and the RMT unions have ended without agreement.
Essex's bowlers struggled on day two against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
A man who posed as a gym instructor to rob a bank has been found guilty of assault and robbery.
A Labour peer has been appointed to the House of Lords by the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn.
The first time we met the man behind the virtual currency Bitcoin, I was a little nervous.
A man has been charged with perverting the course of justice after a man died after being hit by a car in Manchester.
Plans to cut maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital have been put on hold.
North Korea is believed to have been behind a major cyber-attack on the UK and the NHS in May 2017, according to a British intelligence assessment.
A new team of anti-abuse agents is to be set up in Powys, following the decision to disband the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
A couple who won Olympic gold in the men's singles have been described as "the most decorated British Olympians of all time".
Human Rights Watch says it has identified 28,707 of the bodies of more than 6,000 Syrian detainees who died in detention or after being transferred to military hospitals.
A Sinn Féin MP has called on the Northern Ireland Secretary to clarify why he did not take his seat at the McKenna Cup final.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a Sudanese club after a player was hit on the head by a referee.
On the outskirts of Columbus, Ohio, there is a giant sign.
Science reporter Gaia Vince has won the prestigious Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Bangkok in a bid to force the government to step down.
A man has been charged after a woman was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run.
Scottish airports have welcomed the UK government's decision not to grant Northern Ireland the power to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD).
Robin McBryde has been named as Wales' new head coach for the summer tour of New Zealand.
US-backed Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of a medieval monastery in Iraq.
Veterans who serve in the armed forces are at no greater risk of suicide than the general public, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million older people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
James Anderson has defended England one-day captain Eoin Morgan after Geoffrey Boycott accused him of being "destructive".
It has been a journey as long as Neverland.
Mae gogledd Cymru wedi cael ei chynnwys yn denu pobl sy'n chwilio am fwyd da, yn ôl Ysgrifennydd yr Economi.
Health care in the home is not "joined-up" with the NHS, the candidates for the Newcastle-under-Lyme constituency have said.
Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined more than £40m by the UK's competition watchdog.
The founder of one of the most successful football clubs in the world is to be honoured in Nottingham.
A second case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
A man armed with a rifle has been shot dead by US Secret Service agents during a visit to the White House, reports say.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn golygu na fydd faniau yn gallu dod a chydrannau ceir i'w garej Bryn Eira ar gyrion y pentref.
Burmese President Thein Sein has sacked the speaker of parliament in a bid to boost his party's chances of winning elections.
A campaign group has called for tougher prosecutions for people caught on camera hunting dogs.
Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner has been the subject of a lot of jokes over the years.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley comes at a time when the tech industry is at its peak.
Sports Direct has reported a fall in half-year profits, partly due to a "significant deterioration in exchange rates".
Canadian officials have detained two members of a Cirque de Soleil show in Beijing, China.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has backed Libya's unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
The treasurer of Spain's ruling Popular Party (PP) has arrived in Barcelona to face an anti-corruption inquiry.
Bangladesh's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that "substantial progress" has been made between his country and India after talks in Delhi.
A former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a man in Rochdale more than 40 years ago.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists have been jailed in Malaysia for urinating on a popular tourist spot, in the wake of last month's earthquake.
Finding Dory has topped the UK box office for the second week in a row.
The number of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in any other EU country, a study suggests.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended pending an investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's national taekwondo team have been announced as part of a bid to host the World Para-Grand Prix series in 2017.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new two-year contract with the Spanish club.
Mae'r ffrwd Gymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu wedi colli diddordeb dros y blynyddoedd diwethaf yng Nghymru.
Former world number one Mark Williams will miss out on a place in the first round of the World Championship.
Three people have been charged after a protest at London's Heathrow Airport turned violent.
Anthony Scaramucci has been fired as White House communications director.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have offered new contracts to striker Miralem Ghoochannejhad and defender Nasser Motta.
A Gloucestershire police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing women he met while on duty.
Fleetwood Mac have been announced as the headline act for the 2015 Isle of Wight Festival.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is "not planning to leave" Russia, his lawyer has said, as he continues to leave the country's airport.
Norwich City manager Gary Money has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has warned Israel that it will not be deterred by its military presence in Syria.
A kayaker has gone missing after his father's boat capsized in a river in Surrey.
A fountain in memory of seven soldiers who took part in a Nazi raid during World War Two is in urgent need of restoration.
More than £30m has been raised for a year-long programme of cultural events in Hull, it has been announced.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria has said it will limit the number of migrants seeking asylum in the country, following Serbia's decision to cut the number.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts in eastern Ukraine that could help them establish the cause of the MH17 air disaster.
A paedophile who was allowed to sit on his lap and drive his Land Rover was not suitable to be a foster carer, a report has found.
A six-year-old girl with leukaemia who was given a stem cell transplant in the US has been told her cancer has gone.
Fossils of the earliest pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
A councillor has accused East Sussex County Council of "scaremongering" over plans for a £22m beach recharge.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is taking charge of the Premier League title-chasing champions for the first time in their history.
Great Britain's Luke Burnell claimed his first Olympic gold medal with victory in the 200m freestyle at London 2012.
The Alliance Party has been elected as the new speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, with Martin McGuinness saying it was a "big and bold move" to bring a "better and a more normal democracy".
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson on loan and Barnsley defender Conor Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's Premier League game.
Three women have been arrested in connection with the death of a pupil who fell into a swimming pool.
Emma Croker will make her first start for England in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Ireland.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday night.
Woody debris from a floodplain wood in Loch Ness could be the cause of recent sightings of the Loch Ness Monster, a conservation group has said.
The UK economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed due to safety concerns.
Police in Mauritius have seized heroin worth an estimated $2m (£1.5m) from the country's top goalkeeper, Mohamed Leopold.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Art collector Damien Hirst is to publish an autobiography under the title of Morrissey's autobiography.
Aberdeen chief executive Martin Mile has said the club is in a "fair position" despite a "challenging period" for the club.
Two dogs who were rescued after a fatal crash in Snowdonia have been moved to a new home.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a four-year-old girl died in a crash.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Former Arsenal and Liverpool midfielder N'Golo Kante has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A gym which was forced to close last year because of a lack of space is to reopen.
Italian composer Ennio Morricone says he was "very, very flattered" to work with Quentin Tarantino.
Chilean Dasaolu secured his place in the 100m at the Rio Olympics with a comfortable victory in the final race of the British Championships.
One in five children in Australia is living below the official poverty line, according to a new report.
Accord Healthcare is to create 100 new jobs at its Newcastle plant.
Leicestershire Speedway have appointed promoter John Bates as their new chief executive.
A man has died following an incident at a recycling plant in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with murdering a three-year-old girl is to remain at Belfast Children's Hospital, a court has been told.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man have renewed their appeal for information a year after his death.
The use of racist language by security escorts on flights to deport people from the UK has become "too cosy", MPs have said.
A South African scientist has described the role that proteins play in the development of breast cancer.
People with HIV should start treatment sooner rather than later to reduce the risk of developing Aids, a study has suggested.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player Sean McAllister on a two-year deal.
Farmers in Oxfordshire are to be allowed to carry out minor drainage works for up to 1.5km from April, under government plans.
A British man has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man for the second time in three years.
Holidaymakers are being scammed out of tens of millions of pounds by online travel scams, according to Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have found that some Muslim and Christian schools in England are failing to show proper respect for women.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
West Ham Ladies have agreed a deal with the Football Association to allow the club to continue to improve women's football.
A lack of diversity in the arts is contributing to a "diversity crisis", a Labour inquiry has said.
Southampton reached the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crystal Palace.
League One club Al Ahli have settled a wrongful dismissal claim against manager Michael O'Leary.
Former News of the World editor Karen Brooks and her husband, Charlie Coulson, have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept phone calls.
A total of 26 athletes have been charged with doping offences by Italian anti-doping authorities.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her car on fire has been jailed for four years.
A Mexican footballer who was kidnapped while on holiday in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas has been freed by police.
Bournemouth claimed their first away win of the season as they beat Premier League leaders Leicester City.
The French Football Federation has lodged an appeal against the suspension of Michel Platini from Fifa.
The UK's biggest airline, Monarch, has said it is "operating as normal" and expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings this year.
Plans to merge police forces in the Cotswolds could "signal the end" of Gloucestershire, a police and crime commissioner has warned.
Plans to cut 1,400 jobs and increase council tax have been rejected by a council.
Goldman Sachs is changing the way it hires its top executives, as part of a shake-up of its hiring process.
Liverpool moved up to second in the Premier League with a comfortable win over Leicester at Anfield.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle.
A couple from New Zealand have become the first in the world to marry in the Pastafarian church.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged seven people with hacking into Yahoo's accounts in connection with the massive data breach.
The Football Supporters Federation (FSF) has called for clubs to manage the resale of football tickets.
The release of a massive data dump of emails belonging to the chief executive of the Ashley Madison social networking website has been criticised by security experts.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2034, according to official projections.
Conor Thomas' late goal gave Swindon a 1-0 win over Millwall in League One.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man have launched a national appeal for information.
All images are copyrighted.
An artificial intelligence system has been trained to spot skin cancer in images taken from a smartphone, a study suggests.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's Premier League match against Tottenham.
Former Premier League footballer Carlisle has been banned from driving for four years after failing to give a breath sample.
A flooded road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week.
A dog that became ill after being rescued from the River Llandovery in Somerset has been released back into the wild.
US actress Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she suffered a heart attack last week.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark VJ Day.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a man who died after being knocked out in a boxing match.
Hundreds of people have attended funerals in the Italian town of Salgar, where more than 100 people were killed in a landslide on Monday.
Venezuela and Cuba are at a crossroads.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be turned off for four years, the government has announced.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side's 2-2 draw with Real Madrid was not the best result of the season.
A fox hunter has told a court he was present when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hounds at a hunt in the Borders.
A conman who stole more than £100,000 from a Cardiff car parts company has been ordered to pay back £115,000 to his ex-employers.
Russia's government has said it will not impose a ban on the importation of wine, beer and wine from the European Union.
A British man arrested in India on suspicion of weapons offences has had his case heard by the country's Supreme Court.
There are too few nurses in Scotland, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched him in the stomach and poked his friend in the face by the stairs, a court has heard.
The captain of HMS Coventry has said he was "conscious" that he was diving on a war grave when the ship sank.
Tidal wave demonstration zones off Anglesey and Pembrokeshire have been approved by the Welsh government.
Jockey AP McCoy has been crowned champion jockey at the Cheltenham Festival.
A judge in Liverpool has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who suffer delays of more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called on the US to investigate allegations that it bugged her mobile phone in order to spy on Western allies.
Swansea City's Under-20s won the FA Youth Cup for the second time in three years on Sunday, beating Reading in the final.
Plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge are "not an improvement worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Labour leadership hopeful Andy Burnham has said the party has "an outside but realistic chance of winning" the contest.
The chancellor has refused to rule out raising the top rate of income tax for people earning over £150,000.
The Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the most persecuted minorities in the world.
The inheritance tax (ITT) - or inheritance tax - is one of the most important tax issues in the UK.
Dundee-based savings provider Alliance Trust Savings is being sold to Brewin Dolphin Investments.
The BBC is to launch 40 new languages as part of a £289m expansion of its World Service.
A bus driver has been found guilty of running a £1m insurance fraud.
A Canadian man says he was struck by lightning during his wedding ceremony - but it didn't stop him telling his new son-in-law he was a lucky guy.
Children who play with touchscreens in the hours before bedtime are less likely to sleep, a study suggests.
Harlequins have signed fly-half Laurence Pope, centre James May and wing Conor Moyle on two-year contracts.
Two teenagers have died in a crash involving two vehicles in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are being urged to make broadcasting of public meetings a requirement.
Wasps moved into the top four of the Premiership with a comfortable victory over Bath at Kingspan Stadium.
Nikki is one of the UK's most popular social media stars.
Footballer Gary Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with driving while a baby was in the arms of a passenger.
Somalia's government has released a video purportedly showing a suicide bomber on a Turkish Airlines flight to Djibouti.
Mauricio Macri's victory in Sunday night's presidential election in Argentina has been hailed as a historic moment for the country's political establishment.
The mother of a man who was stabbed 39 times in a "ferocious" attack has told a court she feared for her son's life.
More than £300,000 has been raised for the restoration of a Grade II listed pier in Northamptonshire.
Microsoft has admitted it searched the accounts of a blogger who posted screenshots of the unreleased Windows operating system to his blog.
Arriva Trains Wales has told Network Rail it will take 28 years to get the Welsh network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man has died following a crash in County Antrim.
A South African university has voted to remove a statue of Cecil Rhodes from its campus.
Newport County chief executive Gareth Davies says he is not sure why Exiles boss Graham Westley wants to talk about the club's poor pitch at Rodney Parade.
Wales has missed out on the top A* to A grades in the GCSE exams for the second year running.
East Midlands Airport is one of the busiest airports in the UK.
British fugitives are being hunted by police in Spain as part of a major operation to recapture them.
Former world number one Andy Murray has apologised to Andy Murray after the Scot was caught on camera swearing at him at the Australian Open.
The States of Jersey has warned people not to disturb coral reefs in the Channel Islands.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been put on hold.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
A body has been found in a river in Cumbria, police have said.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being attacked by his family's dog in Newcastle.
A man accused of stealing cash and a pellet gun after his dog chewed at his ankle tag has had his bail refused.
Sir Vince Cable has welcomed the government's offer to buy Tata Steel.
A horse-riding man has said he will be "going nowhere" after being refused McDonald's drive-thru service.
Gary Neville's first game in charge of Valencia ended in a goalless draw as Jony Sanabria's first-half penalty gave them victory over Valencia.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon.
A low-fat, low-carb diet can help people lose weight, a small study suggests.
Safety concerns have been raised at a prison criticised for its high levels of violence.
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the British Athletics team for the European Indoor Championships.
Ed Miliband has been accused of putting the future of the NHS at risk by Labour.
Some health boards in Scotland spend more than £3.20 a day on meals and snacks, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in revenues for the three months to 26 December.
A court in London has begun hearing evidence in the trial of London-based trader Daniel Sarao, accused of causing a stock market "flash crash".
Great Britain's men have reached the semi-finals of the men's singles at Wimbledon for the first time.
Australia's foreign ministry has asked Sydney International Airport to investigate allegations that a security check was carried out on US Secretary of State Julie Bishop.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum exploded at an industrial estate in Londonderry.
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in hundreds of cases has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Rilee van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
Firefighters in California are battling a major wildfire that has forced the evacuation of more than 1,000 people, officials say.
Edinburgh-based gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has secured a £1.5m funding boost.
Bank of Scotland is to introduce a new version of its £5 note in October.
Middlesbrough extended their unbeaten run in the Championship to eight games as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich.
Chand Chand's meteoric rise to international fame came at a time when she was already one of the most exciting young athletes in the world.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized cannabis with an estimated street value of about £1m.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of trying to create "political conditions" for Israel.
A petition calling for Cardiff Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales has been submitted to the assembly.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman found dead in a field in Hampshire.
Brian Cookson says he accepts responsibility for the culture of British Cycling, but says UK Sport was "closely involved" in how it was run.
The BBC Scotland election debate will be held on Sunday, 7 May at 10:00 BST on BBC One.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has called for a "revolution" in the UK, in a speech to a group of business leaders.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by more than a third.
The bodies of two soldiers who died in World War One have been laid to rest in a ceremony in Belgium.
Mae feddygon teulu yn amau sydd â chanser ond ddim yn dangos unrhyw arwyddion neu symptomau brys.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau wrth adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
The Ministry of Defence has announced that 13 military sites in England will be sold off for affordable housing.
Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Wycombe Wanderers.
Middlesex batsman Dawid Malan hit a career-best 46 on his T20 Blast debut as England beat South Africa by six wickets in Southampton.
A chameleon found abandoned in a Ceredigion park had to be put down because its owners were unable to provide the care it needed.
The organisers of this year's T in the Park festival have said they have made improvements to the campsite layout and management.
China's Haixan 01 submarine has detected a second acoustic signal in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
If you're suffering from depression or anxiety, you may have played a lot of video games.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the week.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson.
Birmingham City have signed Cardiff City striker Michael Vaughan for an undisclosed fee.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
It's not just football fans who get excited about the prospect of making a film about their local club.
When the first football World Cup was held in the Indian capital, Delhi, in 1958, it was the first major tournament to be held outside the country.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed "good character" to come back from 1-0 down to beat Aston Villa.
Mick Fanning has become the first player to win the WSL Pipeline Masters title after his brother Peter died in a shark attack.
Germany's Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire on Saturday.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in the world.
A man has been arrested after a gun was found in a block of flats in north London.
Fifa's congress in Zurich this week is expected to be dominated by the issue of corruption at the top of the world football governing body.
Plans to redevelop Euston station into a V-shaped section of the HS2 rail line have been rejected by an MP.
Plans for more than 700 student accommodation in Belfast have been submitted to the city council.
The UK spent an all-time high on film production in 2014, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms is to mark the 30th anniversary of its Ten Pieces project with a series of concerts.
Britain's Adam Mitchell-Blake has become the first man to run under 20 seconds at an American athletics championships.
Guinea's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup were dealt a blow as they were beaten 2-0 by Argentina in the last 16.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of "nasty" robberies in Birmingham have been jailed.
Dundee United's owner has confirmed that the club is planning to buy land near the city's ice rink.
Serena Williams beat her sister Venus in straight sets to become the first American woman to win a Grand Slam title in 18 years.
EastEnders has been named best TV drama at the Tric Awards.
Plans for major infrastructure projects in Glasgow are being discussed by councillors as part of a £1bn funding package.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for Wales, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
Plans to improve the view of a Blaby park have been unveiled by the owners of the property.
Scotland captain Graeme Coetzer says his side's historic eight-wicket win over Afghanistan in the first of two one-day internationals in Edinburgh on Monday is crucial.
A house once owned by The Beatles singer George Harrison has sold at auction for £150,000.
A World War One medal found in a field in Pembrokeshire has been presented to its rightful owner.
The family of a man who was murdered 23 years ago have been told they will not be able to contact them because of a police force's handling of body parts.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann says he is "devastated" after Kieran McCann broke his leg in training.
Mainland Chinese shares fell on Wednesday after a string of disappointing economic data.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its offer to sign Scarlets centre Scott Williams.
A crane has been installed at a prison to stop drugs being thrown over the roof.
The families of two motorcyclists killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-prisoners in England and Wales have found a new way to help them find work.
Forensic experts in Mexico have begun exhuming the remains of more than 30,000 people who have gone missing in the north-eastern state of Morelos.
Plants and animals are at greater risk of extinction because of climate change, a study suggests.
Plans to build a new motorway through the Gwent Levels have been rejected by the environment regulator.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and raised interest rates.
The chairman of the Grenfell Tower inquiry has written to the prime minister asking him to set out the scope of the inquiry.
A US citizen has been arrested in Berlin on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's production of Matilda has been cancelled after the actress was unable to sing the rest of the songs.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) has called on the Scottish government to "clean up" private parking after an increase in complaints.
Labour has retained all of its seats in Cardiff North and Pontypridd in the assembly election.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a landslide victory in the country's parliamentary elections.
Is the decision by Opec, the oil producers' group, to cut production in response to low oil prices taking its toll on the global economy?
Argentina striker Mehmedi says he is not worried about Lionel Messi ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Switzerland.
I've been talking to David Cameron about his visit to Wales.
No charges will be brought against a man accused of sexually assaulting a woman at an Aberdeen military base.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season and Shropshire defender Luke McAllister on a season-long loan.
A documentary about caste in the meat industry has been refused permission to be shown at the Tata Indian Film Festival in Mumbai.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found some of the most ancient flooring in the world.
British salmon exports rose by more than a third in the first half of the year, according to industry figures.
Oxford United will host Scunthorpe in the first round of the FA Youth Cup.
A Londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young people are more likely to fall victim to identity theft than older people, a survey suggests.
The death of a 31-year-old man in Edinburgh is being treated as murder following a post-mortem examination.
The number of people arrested as part of an investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland has risen to more than 1,000.
A teenager has admitted hacking the website Mumsnet, causing the site to be taken offline.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were found dead in Oxfordshire has taken place.
Welsh voters go to the polls on 8 June to choose their preferred candidate to represent their constituencies.
US rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Alamo to the city of San Antonio.
Wakefield Trinity moved up to sixth in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Castleford.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United have given themselves a chance of avoiding relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A "huge" iguana has been living up a tree in Suffolk for three months.
It's one of the biggest music awards in the world, and it's taking place in London tonight.
The European space agency has released the first image of its new space telescope.
A woman who claims she was sexually harassed at work at Uber has come forward.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David de Gea to Real Madrid on time.
A ban on laptops and tablets in the cabin of all flights from the UK to the US is coming.
Details of Belgium's Prime Minister Charles Michel and his official residence have been found in the same street where the Brussels airport attacks took place, Dutch media report.
A Chinese fruit-seller has died after being beaten to death by the police's chengguan force, state media report.
Ajax Ladies have signed Netherlands international forward Sophie Middag on a two-year deal.
Robin van Persie says he is "all good" after being treated in hospital for an eye injury suffered in Fenerbahce's opening game of the season.
Danny Hylton scored the only goal of the game as Luton Town drew 1-1 with Exeter City.
US rap star Kendrick Lamar has released a new album, titled Untitled Unmastered, on the same day as his hit To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Edinburgh for the city's biggest ice sculpture festival.
Manchester City Council has announced a series of pay rises for its senior staff.
Canadian MPs have voted to change the lyrics of O Canada, the country's national anthem.
A US sports doctor accused of sexually abusing female gymnasts has been ordered to stand trial on charges of child pornography.
A woman jailed for her part in a plot to murder the prime minister is to be honoured with a blue plaque in Derby.
Three people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized in the Canadian province of Tofino have been named.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major after winning the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale.
Tottenham midfielder Asamoah Bentaleb has joined Bundesliga side Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death in front of their two young children has been jailed for life.
Tony Andreu was denied a penalty as Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by 10-man Raith Rovers.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of June, as it continues to overhaul its business.
The owner of Argos has reported a sharp fall in sales as it continues to battle for control of the Argos chain.
The Arab Spring is a tragic footnote in the history of the Arab Spring.
Bethany Hill is one of the most successful back-up singers in rock history.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a cycling festival in Bristol.
A woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has been shot dead and her husband injured in an attack at her office.
A man has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a police officer by dangerous driving.
A man has died after being rescued from the sea off the Isle of Man.
A woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend said she feared he was stalking her, a court has heard.
A collection of prams and toys from a Nottinghamshire family business has sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has been investigated by police for sexting.
A man who bombarded Bristol Airport with threats has been jailed for six months.
England set up a possible four-day finish against Australia in Cardiff to secure a record-equalling 404-run win.
Super League side Catalans Dragons have extended the contract of back-rower George Ta'ai until the end of the 2018 season.
Lenovo and Acer have announced bigger battery packs for their latest smartphones.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says processed meat can cause cancer.
Southern rail conductors are to stage two days of strike action in a row over pay and conditions.
A dissident republican group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer John Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's EU citizens' rights offer to the UK is a "good start" as negotiations get under way on Brexit.
Kim So-yeon shot a five-under-par 66 to win the Women's British Open by one shot from fellow American Charley Hull.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against a gay rights group after posting a photo of her with a US teenager on a leaflet in her school.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won her second World Cup gold medal of the season with victory in China.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest dairy food company, has agreed to sell its dairies business to a German firm.
Retailer Visa has warned that consumers are "skinting" as they struggle to keep pace with rising inflation.
A wheelchair user has said he was left "horrified and frightening" after being stuck in a train door.
A water fountain in a Denbighshire town is to be used to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to make history on Tuesday when he takes to the International Space Station.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found shot in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso held off a spirited challenge from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel to win the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The death toll from torrential rain in Japan has risen to 23, officials say.
If you're at work and you're not looking at the clock, then you might want to think again.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage players Ben Davies and Callum Waddington.
More than 1,000 seals have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve in the past four months, the BBC has learned.
The number of Hainan gibbons in China has fallen dramatically, according to new research.
MPs have rejected a bid by the SNP and Plaid Cymru to delay a rise in the VAT on food and drink.
The threat to the Welsh economy is "far deeper than steel", Plaid Cymru has said.
The Abu Dhabi United Group has unveiled plans to build 1,000 new homes on the eastern edge of Manchester city centre.
Liverpool's Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid on Tuesday will be a huge test for the Reds.
Laura Waters won the British Squash Championship for the second time in three years with victory over Bethanie Mathews in Nottingham.
Jeremy Corbyn is a man who has been accused of tolerating anti-Semitism.
Disney has announced it will release a sequel to its hit film Frozen in the US this year.
Wembley Stadium has been confirmed as the venue for the Women's FA Cup final.
The UN Security Council has condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Championship strugglers Bolton.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit a career-best 63 as his side took control against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Britain's Greg Rutherford won the 400m at the Great North City Games in Newcastle to finish second in the Diamond League.
The family of a woman who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Dog poo has been on the rise on UK beaches for the last few years.
Chelsea captain John Terry will miss the rest of the season after being sent off in Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Manchester United.
Four members of an international organised crime gang have been convicted of stealing artefacts worth up to £79m in a series of raids.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what's going on in Kenya and Tanzania.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most important organisations.
An Everton fan has raised more than £50,000 for a hospice after swimming the English Channel.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side's "losing mentality" contributed to their FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend admitted his side were not good enough in the second half to beat Edinburgh in the 1872 Cup final.
The Clyde Shipyard is one of the world's oldest and most important shipyards.
A woman was stabbed in the face in a revenge porn revenge attack, a court has heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane has a "weakness" in his game and should be selected for England's Euro 2016 squad, says former Gunners striker Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray fought back to beat Canada's Vasek Pospisil 6-3 6-4 and reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
The designer of the Etch A Sketch toy has died at the age of 87.
The government is to sell off its stake in the UK's biggest green investment bank.
A solar-powered phone box has been launched in central London.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its recall of its Galaxy Note 7 phones, saying it is "working with relevant regulatory bodies" to find out what caused the devices to overheate.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a string of sex offences against boys.
The US space agency, Nasa, has released the final picture of its Curiosity rover on Mars.
A Labour MP has criticised a health board for failing to provide evidence to back up her claims about the death of a man in hospital.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
Children are being taught in "unhygienic and filthy accommodation" as part of an investigation into illegal schools in the Midlands.
Aberdeen councillors have voted against a Granite Web design competition.
A plaque is to be unveiled at the home of one of Scotland's most decorated submariners.
Lionel Messi has rejected a request by prosecutors to drop tax fraud charges against the footballer.
Celtic will face Rangers in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals at Ibrox on 5 March.
A GP surgery group is considering suspending all non-essential hospital services in a bid to save money.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under Donald Trump if asked by the US president-elect.
In a dimly lit room in the centre of Taipei, Tzu Hsiao is doing her best to raise money for charity.
A garden has opened at a children's hospital in Cardiff which is the first in Wales to have a dedicated outdoor space.
More than half of new mothers in Wales are planning to breastfeed their newborns, according to a new survey.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to helping her husband travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State.
The European Union is to set up a single list of tax havens in response to the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic have rejected a bid from Blackburn Rovers for Nigeria defender Emmanuel Ambrose.
Arctic terns have been attacked by walkers with sticks and stones in the Isle of Man.
(Close): US stocks rose on Monday, boosted by a rise in bank shares.
Sir Philip Green has said he is in talks with the pensions regulator to find a solution to the BHS pension crisis.
Scotland second row Leone Nakawara will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season to join Edinburgh.
Batsman Priti Patel has signed a new two-year contract with Northants.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland has risen by more than a third, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders has written to the prime minister urging him to reopen the review into the evacuation of British nationals from Libya.
Scientists in the US say they have found a new way to get to the bottom of the ocean.
Researchers have found that people are more likely to give themselves a mild electric shock out of boredom.
A 13-year-old girl has been shot in the leg by a police dog in Kent.
A man has been stabbed to death in a suspected hit-and-run in south-east London.
Scientists have discovered that spiders that use silk to control their jumping manoeuvres use the same technique as spiders that do not use silk.
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of two of their players, Tom Horstmann and Dan Salvi, until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says the club's new ownership structure is "better than they are at the moment".
It's been a busy summer for the Premier League, with plenty of new signings making their debuts.
The fallout from the so-called "bedroom tax" makes the front page of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's biggest pizza delivery chain, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for 2015, helped by a surge in online orders.
National League side Leyton Orient have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder James Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, officials say.
Irish Labour leader Jim Murphy has said the party will not be able to govern in Northern Ireland.
When President Barack Obama walked into the African Union's headquarters in Nairobi on Wednesday, he was greeted by a loud cheer.
Former Northern Ireland road racer David Farquhar has been discharged from hospital following a crash at the North West 200 in County Tyrone.
The number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales has risen, according to new figures.
Tiger Woods says he is taking medication to help him deal with back pain and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities has been agreed in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the US and Russia say.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will be drawn against each other in the last 32 of the Champions League.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house and causing cladding to catch light.
French President Francois Hollande has come under fire for proposing to strip terrorists convicted of terrorism of their French nationality.
The Green Party has announced plans to abolish a VAT on sanitary products in England and Wales.
A cash machine has been blown up during a robbery in Cumbernauld.
The Co-op Insurance has been ordered to provide two separate quotations for no claims bonus insurance, after it missed a deadline to do so.
A South African judge has granted prosecutors permission to appeal against the acquittal of athlete Oscar Pistorius of murder.
Russia's foreign minister has said the US is "not able or not willing" to separate the Syrian opposition from the Islamic State group.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry to raise money for charity.
A controversial Chinese documentary about air pollution has been removed from popular video sites after it was praised by the government.
A man has been taken to hospital after being threatened with a knife during a burglary at his home in west Belfast.
Dagenham & Redbridge's Jake Sheppard rescued a 2-1 win over Bromley to keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
The number of children being sexually exploited in England and Wales is "far greater" than previously thought, a report says.
Scottish distiller Edrington has appointed Crawford Gillies as its new chairman.
(Close): The pound strengthened against the dollar on Tuesday, extending the previous session's gains.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio message of their new leader, in which a crying baby is heard.
Worcestershire opened their County Championship Division Two campaign with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan at Edgbaston.
A lollipop lady who was hit by a car while on duty in Luton has told a court he is "truly sorry" for what he did to her.
Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
A man who went missing while competing in a triathlon has been found dead.
Barcelona have confirmed they have paid 13.5m euros (£11.3m) in tax for the signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's leading investor in clean energy, according to new data.
A temporary footbridge is to be installed in a North Yorkshire town to help reunite it with its residents after a long-running dispute.
A football club has returned to its home town of Scarborough after a four-year absence.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 friction lock batons from China disguised as torches.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has resigned after more than two years in the post.
A man is in a stable condition in hospital after being found lying on the ground in West Lothian.
A reality TV star has been mocked for his "bonkers" tanning technique on a TV show.
Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson has been embroiled in a bitter dispute with the media over allegations that he tried to stab a relative as a child.
Nigeria's former Fifa president, Yakubu Adamu, is being investigated by the country's ethics committee.
African art is one of the fastest growing industries in the world, according to a new report.
Scientists have made some of the most detailed maps yet of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has approved a bill that would criminalise the use of social media to spread false stories.
Chelsea boss Sean Dyke has criticised the Football Association for its handling of the case against ex-Chelsea player Eva Carneiro.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of the leader of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
Meet George the dog, he's a big fan of all things pet.
A group of migrants have drowned after an attack on a dinghy off the coast of Libya, a German charity has said.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said.
The SNP spent more than £9m on its general election campaign than any other party, the Electoral Commission has said.
Haven Haven have appointed former St Helens and Saints prop Tom Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
US President-elect Donald Trump is facing calls to cut foreign aid and humanitarian aid in his first major speech since taking office.
Is it really snowing in Delhi?
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder after a pensioner was stabbed to death in Cardiff.
The reverse of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be unveiled at the World Para Athletics Championships in London.
More than 100 shops in London have been shut down since a ban on so-called legal highs came into force.
All images subject to copyright.
The Nasdaq stock exchange has been hit by a glitch.
A man who admitted taking indecent images of women at two Edinburgh railway stations has been jailed for 18 months.
A deal is expected to be reached in Rwanda on Thursday to phase out harmful greenhouse gases.
Mobile phone giant EE has developed a network of balloons that can be used to provide internet coverage to rural areas.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England is "one of the toughest Test matches I've been involved in".
David Cameron has apologised to a London mayoral candidate for suggesting he supports so-called Islamic State.
Plans for a wind farm in Skye have been approved by councillors.
The government has said it is confident it can pass its Brexit bill despite opposition from the Scottish and Welsh governments.
Ride-sharing firm Uber has said it is losing $1bn (Â£770m) a year in China, according to reports.
Parents of children at a children's day camp will be able to claim refunds after it was closed because of a child pornography scandal.
Canelo Alvarez says he will not fight Gennady Golovkin in the ring after beating Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man has died after a light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airfield in County Antrim.
Former England and Preston North End striker Sir Tom Finney has died at the age of 83.
Championship side Liverpool have signed Netherlands striker Kris Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the intelligence agency, the ISI.
A newborn baby died after his mother was turned away from a Huddersfield Birthing Centre due to a lack of beds, an inquest has heard.
The UK's banking watchdog has called on the government to "electrify" the ring-fence of its proposed banking reforms.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A British tourist has died while scuba diving on a reef in Australia.
A venomous spider has been used to treat stroke for the first time, according to researchers in Australia.
The Northern Ireland Executive has approved a new plan for fire and rescue training, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a mountain in Denbighshire.
A group of blind cricketers gather on the grass in Berbice, in the north-west of the country, to practise their skills.
The story of Jack Johnson is one of the most gripping stories in the BBC's Tales of the 10 series.
A Dumfries woman who was jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a county sheriff is to appeal against her conviction.
American swimmer Ryan Lochte has pulled out of a sponsorship deal with the Speedo brand after a row over his "immature, intoxicated behaviour".
Hampshire sealed their place in the One-Day Cup semi-finals with a seven-wicket win over Durham at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to strengthen their squad ahead of the new season.
Belfast Harbour has unveiled plans for one of the largest office developments in Northern Ireland.
Four-year-old Claire is hoping to become the first person in the world to walk the London Marathon unaided.
California's jail system has been criticized by the US justice department for failing to address a rise in suicides and suicide attempts.
A man from South Yorkshire has been able to grow a banana tree in his garden.
Dennis Nalbandian is one of the top tennis players in the world.
Chris Froome's team-mate Luke Rowe has won the Tour de France for the second year in a row.
Scientists have discovered a 2,000-year-old berry in Argentina.
Terry Canning believes Pedro Caixinha can learn from his Rangers experience when he takes charge of the club on Saturday.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston.
Europe has successfully flown its first spacecraft, the European Space Agency (Esa), in a test flight.
Plans to redevelop a high school in the French Alps have been delayed by a month, the French government has said.
Former Greek Finance Minister Ioannis Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a list of HSBC bank account holders.
A hospital has been criticised for selling a "gold plated" blackout blind to a customer for £22.95.
Russian anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man who raped a woman in her home in south London has been jailed for eight years.
A fertility charity has called for a change in the number of IVF treatments available on the NHS in Scotland.
Hospitals in England are failing to meet the four-hour waiting time target, according to a report.
Trams have been tested in Manchester for the first time as part of a £1bn expansion of the city centre.
US allergy drugmaker Mylan has announced a generic version of its EpiPen, in response to rising prices.
Kell Brook will be out for up to six months after fracturing his eye socket in his WBC world middleweight title defeat by Gennady Golovkin.
The Great Yorkshire Run is to go ahead as planned, despite the decision to pull out.
Crystal Palace striker Moussa Dembele has signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Michael Gove has said the UK will not receive preferential access to UK fisheries after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has been placed on a ventilator.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Saturday's League One match between Peterborough United and Latics has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested after a petrol bomb exploded at a Tesco store.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in West Lothian have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
The chief constable of Humberside Police has written to head teachers asking them to consider taking children on holiday.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has urged voters not to "gamble" with the SNP in the run-up to the general election.
American football has become one of the most popular sports in the world, with more than 1.5 million players participating in the game.
A man has been jailed for murdering his five-year-old daughter and giving her nightmares.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat 10-man Taunton in the FA Cup second round.
Glamorgan have signed South African batsman Colin Ingram for the 2019 Big Bash competition.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said it will oppose any move of jobs from Newport to London.
A group of Yazidi women were sitting in a refugee camp in the Iraqi city of Sinjar, on the edge of the city of Mosul, as the Iraqi army began its battle against Islamic State (IS) militants.
Michael Clarke hit a century on the opening day of the first Test against England to pay tribute to Hughes, who died in December.
Bristol's Great Western Railway station has been temporarily closed to the public for 24 hours to improve access to the platform.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been hit by a second cyber attack in less than 24 hours.
Actor John McCowen, best known for playing James Bond in the 1960s film Thunderball, has died at the age of 87.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the UK's withdrawal from the European Union will have little impact on its members' day-to-day business.
A double-decker bus has caught fire in Bishopsgate in south London.
Morrisons is raising the price of Marmite in a row over the impact of the falling pound on production costs.
A new student accommodation building has opened at Glasgow School of Art.
Labour MEP Owen Smith has called on the UK to "cool heads and warm hearts" after Scotland voted to leave the European Union.
Kumar Sangakkara became Sri Lanka's all-time leading Test run-scorer with a century on day four of the second Test against India.
High winds have hit parts of Scotland, causing major disruption and disruption.
The European Commission has announced a package of measures aimed at stabilising Northern Ireland's dairy industry.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was disappointed with his side's second-half display as they were held to a goalless draw by Hearts.
The first otter to be reintroduced to Scotland is due to arrive in Edinburgh later.
When I arrived in Bangkok, I had no idea what to expect.
UKIP has apologised for a tweet about the cost of treating HIV patients.
Barcelona striker Dani Alves has left the club by mutual consent.
US rocket company SpaceX has begun a routine test of its Falcon rocket.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, as far as possible.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra hit a century as his side were held to a draw by Hampshire at Edgbaston.
People living outside Wales should not be allowed to stand as assembly candidates unless they are "living in Wales", a group of former ministers has said.
There are plenty of questions about the Tories' plans for social care, immigration and welfare.
Mercedes are set to appoint former Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe as their new boss.
A knife has gone missing from a prison, a union has said.
A 91-year-old man who died in a crash while attempting to set a new national speed record has been named.
The brother of a British man who went missing in Thailand has said his mother has been left devastated by his disappearance.
Arsenal Ladies have announced they will change their name to 'Women' from 'Men'.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in woodland in Surrey.
A British teacher who died after suffering a carbon monoxide leak in China died from a gas leak, an inquest has heard.
The Conservatives have won the backing of all Labour MPs in the House of Commons over plans to create an absolute budget surplus.
The world's oldest carnival is to return to Leeds for the first time in more than 50 years.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says he is "feeling like a football player again" after making his return from injury.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with conspiring to kill Americans and carry out attacks against the US military.
Brighton and Hove Albion moved up to second in the Championship table with victory over Ipswich Town.
A cash machine and a JCB have been stolen during a raid on a shop in Kent.
A woman whose body was found in the sea off Devon has been described as a "beautiful, kind, loving woman".
CairnGorm Mountain has said it is "hopeful" that the Scottish Highlands is heading for a "great season" after a bumper winter.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has told him he is "ready for the backlash".
Have you ever wondered what it might be like to live in a museum?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
Northern Ireland's Health Minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who was trying to groom other underage girls, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors prop Lewis Tierney has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side.
A parade has taken place in Donegal to mark the Twelfth of July celebrations.
All the party manifestos for the assembly election have been published.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the club are "short" of new signings.
Blackpool were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester in League Two.
China is "committing to do something about it", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a police officer who died after a short illness.
Wales has the highest level of broadband availability in the UK, according to a report from communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being invited to give their views on plans for a travellers' site in Powys.
Repairs to a church spire damaged by woodpeckers have been completed.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has called a number on his phone in a bid to boost his poll numbers.
US President Barack Obama has announced the opening of health insurance exchanges, a day after his signature healthcare law was signed into law.
A security alert in west Belfast has ended.
The US safety regulator has unveiled new guidelines on the use of devices that are not built into the car.
A delegation from Northern Ireland and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has arrived in Colombia for the first time to discuss the Colombian peace process.
A man has been rescued after getting stuck on a fence in Coventry.
Surrey's Aneurin Lyth hit a career-best century to help his side take control against Yorkshire at The Oval.
A man has been fined Â£1,000 after pleading guilty to causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving in Crawley.
Channel 5 boss Ken Morley is facing fresh complaints about his behaviour on the ITV soap.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix to a burst water main will be completed in two weeks.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint at a shop in Londonderry.
Former Derry Mayor Jim Eastwood is to challenge SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A Borders town has won the Carbuncle award for the best town centre in Scotland.
Cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m has been seized during the TT race in County Antrim.
Welsh Labour only gets to be the natural party of Wales if it consistently re-invigorate itself, a former minister has said.
Former world number one Annika Sorenstam says she is "charmed" by the potential of Hull as she prepares to captain Europe for the first time.
An investment in a company that helps people find lost personal items has been cancelled after the BBC's Money Advice show went wrong.
Bangladesh has restored electricity to most of the country after a major power cut left the country without electricity for several hours.
The culture minister, Carál Ní Chuilín, has ordered an investigation into the leadership of Sport NI.
NHS England is to introduce a "fast-track" system for deciding which cancer drugs should be used on the NHS.
A pub publican who stabbed a man in the neck with a steak knife has been jailed for four years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who fled to Syria are "distraught" that they will not be reunited with them, a lawyer has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged by the Football Association after he refused to move from the stands during Sunday's FA Cup defeat by Burnley.
Two antique cups and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a stately home.
The owners of a private hospital where staff abused patients were paid Â£3,500 a year to keep them safe, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has announced his retirement from first-class cricket.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of US student Amanda Kercher, has had his murder conviction overturned.
Former world number one Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "damaged for a while" after the American missed the cut at the Masters.
A South African sprinter has accused athletics' governing body of "a waste of money and training" after he was excluded from the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak.
Danny Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Bournemouth to record their first Premier League win of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Lord Bannside reflects on his political hero, Sir Edward Carson.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City striker Ryan McShane on loan until the end of the season.
Belgian police have arrested five people in connection with a series of raids on suspected Islamist militants.
Theresa May has met victims of the Grenfell Tower fire at St Clement's church in central London, where she pledged £5m of support.
Leigh Centurions have signed Salford Red Devils half-back Michael Chase on a two-year contract, subject to a medical.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted has been extended for a further two years.
Mining giant Anglo American has announced plans to cut up to 50,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
The team of French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie has said he is "heartbroken" after he was killed in a crash in the Tour de France on Sunday.
Ireland fly-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new contract with Ulster.
The US space agency has sent a spacecraft to the asteroid Bennu.
A Cambridge University professor has been ordered to return her two-year-old son to his estranged father in Japan.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled on to rocks.
Police in Kenya say they have found the bodies of three people in a mass grave near the border with Somalia.
A powerful cyclone has hit the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
The number of Syrian refugees arriving in the UK is "much the same" as it has been over the last few months, the government's refugee minister Danny Harrington has said.
A "grave misgivings" have been raised about the cost of charging defendants to plead guilty in criminal courts, MPs have said.
Asda has admitted to a security flaw in its website that could have exposed customers' details to hackers.
A drug-smuggling pilot who set light to a 15th century building in Exeter has been jailed for attempted murder.
Mexico beat Brazil 2-1 in extra-time to win the Olympic football gold medal in Rio.
A 12-sided version of the £1 coin is to be introduced in the UK later this month.
John Lendl says he is considering returning to coaching Andy Murray.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh.
Sunderland have appointed former Newcastle boss Sam Allardyce as their new manager.
David Llewellin is one of Wales' most successful sportsmen - but he's also one of the country's most successful.
Human rights lawyer George Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the genocide committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
An academy chain has announced plans to merge two of its schools, one of which has been in special measures since 2012.
Six people have been charged in connection with an attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said it is not possible for him to force his own ministers to back him in the EU referendum.
A US appeals court has upheld the conviction of Wisconsin man Brendan Dassey, the star of the documentary Making a Murderer.
Cyber-security researchers have abandoned a plan to sell vulnerabilities to a group known as the Shadow Brokers.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for a fee believed to be in the region of £10m.
Academy chains are among the most and least successful in improving pupil performance, according to a new analysis.
Twelve missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, the BBC has announced.
Aberdeen-based logistics group Menzies has cut its full-year profit outlook after service levels at London Gatwick were restored.
Boris Johnson's visit to Moscow has been called off after the UK cancelled talks with Russia over the Syria crisis.
A police force's poster warning children not to be afraid of officers has gone viral on social media.
Police investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse against former Conservative peer Lord Janner are investigating a new allegation.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to merge their women's team with the men's team.
Northern Ireland's flag protests are damaging the image of Northern Ireland around the world, Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Rihanna has said she will not get married until the law on same-sex marriage in Australia has been passed.
England wrapped up their Women's Six Nations title with a comfortable victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
A drug that reverses the failure of joint replacements has been shown to reduce the number of failures, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for the murders of six babies.
A head teacher has warned that the so-called Trojan Horse scandal is the "tip of the iceberg" in tackling extremism in schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons came from behind to beat Bristol Rovers in League One.
A field trial of a genetically modified rice has been vandalised in the Philippines.
Fabian Delph's decision to turn down a move to Manchester City was one of the biggest twists of the week for Aston Villa.
A hospital's A&E department has been rated "inadequate" after inspectors found staff were unable to assess and treat patients at night.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give a statement on Tuesday after a review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne found he was murdered.
When Paul Ryan was caught with thousands of pounds worth of drugs in New Zealand in 2000, he was not only trying to help other drug addicts, but also to help others to quit.
The University of Reading has launched a new degree course in Urdu, which it hopes will encourage more people to learn the language.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in the illegal oil trade, Russia's defence ministry has said.
Thousands of Download fans have been posing for selfies with armed police at the festival.
The European Council president has said there will be "no serious negotiations" between the UK and the rest of the EU over Brexit.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to December.
Chinese police say they have seized more than 1,000 bottles of alcohol and a powder used to make Viagra, as part of a crackdown on illegal drugs.
Banes in Bath and North East Somerset have been cleared of waste after a pay dispute was resolved.
TalkTalk has confirmed that more than 15,000 personal details have been stolen in a cyber-attack on the company's website.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after the third round of the US PGA Championship.
A prototype petrol-powered car has broken the world speed record for the first time.
A British soldier has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac says he would be "devastated" if James Davies were to have been hit in the face by James Skelton.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos says he's found one of the lost F-1 engines from the Apollo space program.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on Hong Kong this weekend for the city's biggest ice skating festival.
The Busy Twist duo from Ghana have captured the essence of the country's dance music scene in a new video.
Leicester City fans have described the "shambles" at the club's stadium as "a shambles".
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after disappointing economic data from the US added fewer jobs than expected.
Kevin Pietersen's saga with England has been one of the most turbulent in the sport's history.
Scientists have identified 93 sets of genetic code that could lead to new treatments for breast cancer.
Scientists have identified a link between chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Staff at London Metropolitan University are to vote on whether to strike in a row over job losses.
Dundee United moved six points clear at the top of the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over Raith Rovers.
Glamorgan were bowled out for 162 by Kent in their opening County Championship match of the season.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two girls who were hit by a car pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who drowned in a boating accident have launched a safety code.
Aston Villa have activated the departure clause on striker Kenneth Gueye, subject to a £7m release clause.
Nigeria's women's and youth football stars are among the nominees for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Player of the Year award.
A man has died after being hit by a bus in Bath.
Irish marathon runner David Pollock has won his second race of the season in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has urged the government to engage with the opposition.
The US state of Virginia has closed two schools after complaints that pupils were being taught a lesson in the Arabic language.
Jordi Jordi has paid tribute to Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over American qualifier Anett Kontaveit.
A new flag has been flown in Belfast city centre alongside the Union and Ulster flags.
Michael Meeke secured his second World Rally Championship victory of the season with a dramatic late crash in Sweden.
A Baidu executive has been arrested in China for allegedly driving a self-driving car without his hands off the steering wheel.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Brian Matthew has died at the age of 91.
Joe Charnley is relishing the challenge of switching to rugby union.
Israel has appointed an Arab police officer as its new police commissioner.
"Margaret Thatcher," says one of the three young men sitting in a cafe in Consett.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias is expected to be out of action for "several weeks" after breaking his hand during a concert.
A former police officer has called for the decriminalisation of cannabis.
Johnny Sexton has been named in the British and Irish Lions squad for the first Test against Maori on Saturday.
Deaf people are being discriminated against because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a shopping centre in Liverpool.
The United Nations has appointed Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has been told it has no basis for a finding of negligence in the case of a Royal Marine who was seriously injured diving off the coast of Spain.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump, after meeting the president-elect.
It has been an eventful start to the European Championship in France.
A transgender woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting a fellow inmate is appealing against her sentence.
A man has been rescued from his car after it became stuck in a lake in Hertfordshire.
The BBC Micro Computer was one of the most popular computers in the world back in 1981.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Ryan Pigott on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer David Thorne is to write the first episode of a TV adaptation of the Harry Potter books.
A girl has been shot dead by her father in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A radio presenter who said "every day is hell" has been reunited with his wife after a phone-in show went viral.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at an Oxford hospital have been criticised by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered beneath a cliff.
Indian wrestler Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh says he is being targeted by a "clear case of conspiracy against him".
More than half of primary and secondary pupils in England are using tablet computers, according to a study.
A group of students from Queen's University in Belfast have begun a campaign to stop the university from investing in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Victor Camara has joined French side Guingamp on a season-long loan.
Olly Murs has won the prestigious Mercury Prize for innovative music.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found stabbed to death in South Africa's Western Cape.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk should face a State Tribunal over the 2010 plane crash that killed 96 people, the government has said.
Cardiff City have been declared "highly insolvent" by the Bank of England.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Brighton.
A Sheffield woman has said she is "heartbroken" that she has not been recognised as part of a memorial to World War Two veterans.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
All images are copyrighted.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Mahony were forced off as Ireland fought back to beat France and reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy in Cardiff.
Mauritius's former Prime Minister Thakur Jugnauth has announced he is stepping down.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden.
Nigeria international Victor Oshaniwa has signed for Hearts from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod on a three-year deal.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of a family matter.
Tributes have been paid to a former Middlesbrough footballer who was found dead in his home town.
A group of bus riders have been performing a series of speed bumps on a bus in London.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to move out of the relegation zone.
WhatsApp is an instant messaging app that allows people to send news directly to their mobile phones.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK.
Cambridge United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Manchester United.
France has condemned Turkey's bombardment of a Kurdish militia in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital following a fire at a house in west Belfast.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a "hangover" after Tuesday's League One defeat by Barnsley.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) will not reopen shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed high levels of E.coli, the agency has said.
The European Union has expressed concern over Russia's move to create a new border between Georgia and South Ossetia.
A minute's silence has been observed in Paris for the victims of the attacks on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Ghana's mission to fight the Ebola outbreak in West Africa has moved to the capital, Accra.
Rescue workers in Nepal have rescued two people from the rubble of a building hit by Saturday's earthquake in the capital, Kathmandu.
(Close): Healthcare shares rose after the US Supreme Court ruled in favour of the US in its latest ruling on the Greek debt crisis.
BBC Sport will bring you live coverage of the FA Cup third round tie between Bridlington Town and South Shields.
When I walked onto the pitch at Euro 2016 in June, I was greeted with a mixture of pride and embarrassment.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has accepted a request by three of its lawmakers to step aside and allow the opposition to challenge the government.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found on a motorway.
Having a university-educated parent has a greater effect on children's ability to read and write, a study suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Lee Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association.
For centuries the Church of England has been dominated by men.
The founder of the Greggs bakery chain was a "veneer of respectability" who sexually abused boys, a court has heard.
Northern Ireland's largest building materials group, Northstone, has reported a fall in annual turnover.
The deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, on Friday has prompted a rethink of the country's security services.
The US has begun training Syrian rebels to fight against the Islamic State group, the Pentagon has said.
French voters go to the polls on 8 May to choose their next president.
The funeral of a Dizzee Rascal DJ who was found dead in his flat has taken place.
Family members of Adam Lanza, the 17-year-old who was killed by a gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut, have described him as a "bright boy".
Ireland women's hockey team reached the semi-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a 4-0 win over Wales in Belfast.
A health trust has admitted failing to prevent a patient from falling from a roof at a Hampshire hospital.
Two men have been arrested during a police operation in Bedford.
There has been a lot of talk about the impact of the vote to leave the European Union on the UK economy.
Immigration is a "scarymongering" issue, the Welsh Liberal Democrats have said.
Roger Federer has congratulated Milos Raonic on a "great start" to his Australian Open campaign.
Morecambe were beaten 3-1 at home by Mansfield in League Two.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious" attack by two masked men outside his Kilmarnock home.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson believes Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in his side's 2-1 win over Celtic.
Newport County board chairman John Foxall says the club's decision to sack manager Graham Westley was based on "the overwhelming view of the players".
The parents of a Scottish woman murdered in Mauritius have written an open letter to her family saying they are "humbled" by the outpouring of support they have received.
People in the East of England are unable to name any of their local councillors, according to new research.
The BBC's decision not to renew the contract of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been greeted with a range of reactions on social media.
A former head teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of encouraging "religious influence" on pupils.
League Two side Notts County have signed former Wales international defender Chris Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular exercise in the 60s may help prevent memory loss in later life, a study suggests.
The Department of Health and Social Care has admitted a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a County Londonderry man who hanged himself.
The mother of a British student who was stranded in Nepal after the earthquake there has said she is concerned about her daughter's safety.
Britain's Andy Murray will begin his defence of his Wimbledon title against Naomi Broady on Centre Court on Monday.
European politicians have reacted angrily to the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Three men have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK from Albania in a lorry.
The Haka, a traditional dance performed by the Maori people, is being performed by Prince Harry in New Zealand.
Retailers are being urged to change the way they promote healthy food in Scotland.
Partick Thistle have said they are investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse against a former employee.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex have said they have been threatened with a "Dale Farm II" if a council does not prosecute them.
The owner of O2, Li-Ka Shing, has agreed to buy the UK's mobile phone network for £2.5bn.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can control a car remotely.
Two men have been jailed for posing as emergency services cold callers to defraud businesses out of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help refugees resettled in Aberdeen.
It's that time of year again when many of the world's leading business leaders are looking forward to the new year.
Cornish Pirates prop Alex Cheesman and prop Morgs Morgan have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in Stafford to call for the closure of Stafford Hospital.
A Cardiff man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag on his Facebook page in a bid to raise awareness of the condition.
US President Donald Trump has said that Confederate General Robert E Lee will not be erecting a monument to George Washington next week.
A tram line from Derby to Derby would cost about £200m, it has been revealed.
Newport Gwent Dragons have been granted permission to take over the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) for £3.75m.
The Beltane Fire Festival has taken place in County Antrim.
The first homes to be built on the site of a former German army base have been officially opened to the public.
Tesla's Autopilot feature was not designed to prevent a fatal crash, a US regulator has said.
Uganda's government website has been hacked by hackers, the BBC has learned.
A man who was caught with a baton and pepper spray is one of the stories featured in a number of Northern Ireland newspapers.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a new one-year contract with the county.
A man has died after being hit by a car in south London.
Saudi Arabia has accused the US of violating its sovereign immunity over the 9/11 attacks.
A drilling rig which ran aground on the Isle of Lewis in August is to be put on a ship to be scrapped.
Police in Pakistan have arrested two men on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple accused of blasphemy.
The UN envoy to Libya has announced that a proposed unity government will be based in the capital, Tripoli, after months of talks.
It's that time of year again when you think about what to do with your children's toys.
A former American football player has been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of killing his former cellmate.
The number of police pursuit-related deaths in England and Wales has risen to its highest level in a year, according to the police watchdog.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has terminated its sponsorship of the sport's world governing body Adidas.
Ireland secured a draw against the Netherlands in a rain-affected Intercontinental Cup match in Dublin.
Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto has been shot dead by a man armed with a machete at his farm, police say.
A team of scientists have been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A judge in the US state of Minnesota has ruled that six people who claim to be relatives of Prince should be tested.
A Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham owner Daniel Sullivan has confirmed he is in talks with Coca-Cola over a possible takeover of the club.
Google has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by a jump in advertising revenue.
The new owners of a construction firm which went into administration have said they hope to secure new work in the next two years.
A woman accused of defrauding an 86-year-old woman out of £1.5m has told a court she was "taking advantage of the fact she was no longer here".
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county.
Google has launched its new smart home assistant, Google Home, in the UK.
The deportation of a Nigerian woman and her two daughters from the UK has been delayed.
A senior member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UKIP) has been expelled from the party.
An Irish man has been shot dead in the Spanish city of Majorca.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that its only female panda, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been given a two-game ban for punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the head during the Super League defeat at Old Trafford.
Hungary has offered buses to thousands of migrants who have escaped from a railway station in the capital, Budapest.
Chelsea manager Mark Hughes says Victor Moses could play a part in the club's plans to sign a new contract this summer.
Coventry City boosted their play-off hopes with victory over 10-man Millwall.
The Scottish Conservatives have accused the Scottish government of trying to exploit the impact of austerity in England.
A Dundee man jailed for possessing indecent images of children has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Events have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers and the Denver Nuggets will play in the first regular-season game to be staged in the UK this season.
Jimmy Hennessy, who was a father-of-two from Liverpool, travelled by car with his sister and brother, all of whom survived.
Grimsby moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Mansfield, who had manager Lee Evans sent off.
Somalia's new President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo has vowed to pardon the country's Islamist militant group al-Shabab.
JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), according to a Sky report.
More than 1,000 domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest against the government's crackdown on immigration.
Eoin Morgan hit a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Walsall missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new manager.
US President Donald Trump has banned people from entering the country, barring them from travelling to the United States.
The police response to the 2011 riots in London was flawed and could have been avoided, MPs have said.
The world of social media marketing is booming, with more than 1,000 companies taking advantage of the technology to reach new audiences.
Voters in the UK will decide whether or not the country should remain a member of the European Union.
A man who hid more than £200,000 in cash in his wife's car boot has been jailed.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most vexing pests in the UK.
Rent on beach huts in Poole is to rise by more than 10% in a bid to meet rising demand, a council has said.
A barge that ran aground in the North Sea on Tuesday has failed to reach BP's oil platform in Norway, the company has said.
Easter eggs are one of the most popular Easter treats in the UK, with sales up by more than a quarter on 2015.
A late-night levy on pubs in Liverpool has been rejected by councillors.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the head of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for its bombing of a hospital in Afghanistan last month.
Britain's Rachel Shuker won her first British Open mixed doubles title with victory in London on Sunday.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's long-running conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and move into the Super League play-off places.
Hibernian returned to the top of the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Celtic and Manchester City midfielder Ryan Wilson on a one-year contract.
"When I came to India, I was forced to live in a refugee camp," says Rangoon Sarlan.
More than two-thirds of couples in the UK are in "distressed" relationships, according to new research.
The Scottish government has been criticised for its "damaging" decision to scrap a competition to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology in the UK.
The European Space Agency (GSA) has launched its Galileo satellite navigation system.
The sister of a girl who was found dead in a canal 20 years ago has appealed for help to find her killer.
The PSNI has removed a Facebook post in which the name of a man who was shot in west Belfast on Tuesday night was linked to a list of people on social media.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says the majority of the club's fans want him to leave the club.
Gareth Bale says Wales' place at Euro 2016 would be an "amazing thing" if they beat Israel on Sunday.
Prime Minister David Cameron has told BBC News that students in the UK are learning the Chinese language.
There is a "huge scope" for getting it wrong with sepsis, a leading medical expert has warned.
A wildlife charity has launched a judicial review into the decision to stop work on a cycle track in Derby.
A new £30m hospital in Somerset has been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
A group of Commonwealth leaders have written to David Cameron urging him to reconsider his EU renegotiation demands.
Labour could split if Jeremy Corbyn wins the party's leadership, Yvette Cooper has said.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced.
Spectacular images of lenticular clouds and a rainbow have been shared on social media.
A statue of former Watford manager Paul Taylor is to be unveiled in his memory, the Premier League club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them a place in the Challenge Cup final against Exeter.
Omar Bogle scored twice as Grimsby came from behind to beat 10-man Barnet in League Two.
Sunderland have agreed a deal to sign Argentina international defender Juan Scocco from Newell's Athletic.
It's been a turbulent week for the EU.
Chennai has become the first Indian city to have a metro network, with the first train being driven by a woman.
An investigation has been launched after fuel pods were dumped in south Armagh.
England have named six uncapped players in their squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan, including all-rounder Ben Stokes.
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan in the first Twenty20 international in India on Thursday.
A US spacewalk has been delayed because of a water leak in the suit of a man who's spent 215 days in space.
A red kite has been shot in the head in North Yorkshire.
Two men who used the dark web to supply illegal drugs have been jailed.
Johnny Sexton has been recalled to the Ireland team for Sunday's Six Nations match against New Zealand.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, with the FTSE 100 leading the way after a Greek debt deal was agreed.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the most successful and influential women in British history.
The US has condemned Russia's decision to send missiles to Syria, saying it is "ill-timed and very unfortunate".
Banksy has denied claims he is trolling visitors to his new theme park in Somerset.
Ed Miliband has said he will never give up on fighting for the Britain that he believes in after Labour's election defeat.
A third cat has died in a week after being poisoned with antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs boss Rob Baxter has raised concerns about the impact of the Willis Willis case on professional rugby.
Singapore's environment council has asked retailers to stop using wood, paper and pulp from companies accused of contributing to the haze caused by forest fires.
Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has said he is "fighting with his spirit" after the death of President Hugo Chavez.
The US Supreme Court has begun hearing arguments in a case that could lead to the legalisation of same-sex marriage in the US.
England's players are in "confident spirits" ahead of Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Italy, according to a new study.
Green Party candidate Zac Goldsmith has won the race to become London mayor.
A woman has spoken of her shock after jewellery worth £20,000 was stolen from her husband's home.
Rule The World, ridden by David Mullins, won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking children on term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton has criticised Formula 1's controversial 'halo' tyre system after the father of a Formula 1 driver was killed by a tyre.
A new project to assess the impact of climate change on Welsh islands has been launched.
We want to hear what you have to say about BBC Newcastle.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England international Paul Dunn as their new manager on a two-year contract.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
Pernod Ricard, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the year.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year.
China's newspapers are taking to the front pages to express their anger at the UN tribunal's decision to overturn a landmark ruling on the South China Sea.
A baby who died after being removed from a ventilator at a hospital should have been given more early medical care, a coroner has said.
A cancer charity has raised more than £75,000 in its first week of fundraising.
A man who conned two people out of more than £600,000 after travelling to the World Cup has been ordered to pay back the money.
A murder investigation has been launched after a boy was found dead at a house in south London.
James Gilmour was seen hanging from a flag on the Cenotaph during his rampage through central London, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete in a supermarket has been jailed for life.
At least 26 people have been killed in a series of attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria has announced that it will impose daily quotas on the number of refugees it accepts, in a bid to cope with the influx of migrants.
David Beckham's Miami Beckham United team has submitted a bid to build a Major League Soccer (MLS) stadium in the city.
Hollywood actress Helen Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock in the 1960s.
Doctors in Abu Dhabi say they are treating a severely obese woman who has been flown back to the United Arab Emirates.
A video of the Queen making a Nazi salute has been released by Buckingham Palace.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to overtake Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the most extreme on record, according to a new appraisal.
Labour is facing a serious challenge from the Conservatives in the first local elections since the Mayflower Compact.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Stan Wawrinka in five sets to win his fourth French Open title.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 162 by Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Sunderland.
The final report from the Advisory Committee on Drugs and Crime (ACMD) on the controversial new psychoactive substances bill has been published.
At least 31 people have been arrested in Morocco after clashes between rival fans at a Premier League match.
In the centre of Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, a group of men and women sit together in the sunshine.
Rangers have signed Accrington Stanley striker Callum Windass on loan until the end of the season.
A New Zealand rocket company has successfully launched its first vehicle.
The amount of overtime paid to NHS consultants in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the past three years, the BBC has learned.
Rugby can be a dangerous sport, but it can also be a fun sport.
At least 11 people have been killed by Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano, which erupted in 2014, officials say.
A year after the UK voted to leave the European Union, Paul Austin says he is still unsure what will happen next.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of a doping offence by Uefa.
The general election campaign is under way in Wales.
Every child in Scotland should have the basic rights to food, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland.
A schoolgirl who took her own life was "failed" by mental health services, an inquest has heard.
Drivers who are caught travelling at more than the speed limit should not be penalised, a drivers' group has said.
US military police are investigating a pillow fight at West Point, New York, in which some cadets were injured.
The controversy surrounding the president of Brazil's Human Rights and Minority Commission has sparked outrage.
The Batmobile, the car used by Batman in the 1960s TV series, has been sold at auction for $1.5m (Â£1m).
The Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled plans to make it harder for migrants to stay in the UK.
In a packed auditorium in the centre of the French capital, Paris, a young woman called Jean-Marie Le Pen delivered a passionate speech.
World number one Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over Kevin O'Brien.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former Barnsley goalkeeper who died in December.
One of the UK's biggest energy suppliers has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who were left unable to submit meter readings or check their bill.
Nico Rosberg took pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton's title hopes suffered a blow.
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found in a canal in Carlisle.
Mario Balotelli says he is "proud" to have joined Manchester City after signing a new contract with AC Milan.
Shares in Volkswagen have fallen after the German carmaker was ordered to recall millions of cars in the US over emissions cheating.
Scotland Under-21 goalkeeper Alex Samson has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
World number one Andy Murray is expecting his first child with his girlfriend Kim Kardashian-West, BBC Scotland understands.
Paris St-Germain have asked the French Premiership to switch to the Super Rugby competition next season.
A time capsule dating back more than 100 years has been uncovered during work to replace a bridge.
Virtual reality has been showing off at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A Chinese woman who claimed she was "divorced because of her fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has warned US President-elect Donald Trump against moving the Vatican's embassy to Jerusalem.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in Dalkeith.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction has been announced.
Hundreds of thousands of South Africans have marched through the capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Cabinet minister Chris Huhne should have been given a free pass to the Houses of Parliament, an MP has said.
A worker at Devonport Royal Dockyard was exposed to a radioactive dose of radiation, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of a string of sex offences against boys in Nottinghamshire.
Microsoft is launching a new version of its classroom-based game Minecraft.
Republic of Ireland manager Michael O'Neill says he is "happy to stay on" as manager of the country.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says he is willing to listen to offers for players in the January transfer window.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said the bank is "better off out in the short to medium term" than it was before the EU referendum.
The European Council president has said he will not start parallel talks with the UK on the divorce bill.
Four teenagers have been charged in connection with a serious assault on three teenagers in Dumbarton.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a former pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Universities are concerned about the number of websites offering students bespoke academic essays in return for payment.
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK sent a "dirty look" image of a police officer to friends, a court has heard.
Plans for a wind farm near Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort have been approved.
Is the Iraqi city of Mosul being overrun by so-called Islamic State (IS)?
Mame Biram Diouf scored the only goal as Stoke came from behind to beat Premier League leaders Chelsea.
A man has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent at a Dorset park.
The first acts have been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in North Lanarkshire.
More than 100 branches are to close in Scotland in the last year, according to new research.
New rules to prevent the collapse of the UK's "too big to fail" banks have been unveiled.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter, helped by a pick-up in industrial output, official figures show.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry has been named by police.
Chinese shares traded higher on Monday, recovering some of Friday's losses after disappointing trade data from the world's second largest economy.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation within 50 days.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was sexually assaulted in Bournemouth.
David Haye has clashed with Tony Bellew ahead of their heavyweight title fight on Saturday.
Two climbers who went missing while climbing one of Europe's highest peaks have been found safe and well.
Parents could soon be able to tell their children to slow down if they're driving too fast.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in northern Spain.
Kent have appointed former Durham director of cricket David Kennedy as their new manager.
An MP from India's ruling Shiv Sena party has been banned from all flights operated by airlines after he attacked an airline employee.
A number of people have been killed in a gun attack in Paris, France.
Boris Johnson's relationship with US President-elect Donald Trump has had its ups and downs.
Obese teenagers are three times more likely to develop a bowel tumour than those who are overweight, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said the party is in danger of failing to ask the right questions.
One of the "best outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory.
Hassan Rouhani has been Iran's President since the 1979 revolution and has been a key player in the country's political life since the revolution.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has paid tribute to his father, who died at the age of 96.
Urgent care units at three hospitals have been closed overnight to deal with a "very high demand" in day-time admissions.
When I was a student of Russian politics at the University of Oxford, I wrote a series of articles about the country's foreign policy.
The average commute to and from work in London has fallen for the first time in five years, according to a study by the TUC.
All pets found on the roads in Wales should have their microchips scanned, animal welfare campaigners have said.
The digital revolution is changing the way we think about technology.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is close to agreeing a new contract with the Premier League champions.
One of the UK's largest retailers, Brantano, has gone into administration.
A man has admitted killing his parents in County Londonderry.
Borussia Dortmund were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final in Berlin.
A council has been told it cannot publish a report into the death of a girl who took her own life.
Google has released the first draft of its next generation of its Android operating system, which will be released in March.
The Berlin Philharmonic has failed to find a new chief conductor, after a meeting of the orchestra's board failed to reach a deal.
St Peter's of Londonderry will face St Mary's of St Patrick's in the MacRory Cup final after a 2-17 to 1-11 semi-final win on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Barnet boss Paul Waddock as their new manager.
The big six energy suppliers have announced that they will introduce a cap on the amount they can charge customers.
The 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro will be one of the biggest sporting events in the world.
A man has been placed in an induced coma in hospital after being stabbed in the groin.
Argentine voters have voted in a run-off election for the presidency, with the incumbent taking a narrow lead.
UKIP is on course to make "a breakthrough" in Wales and Scotland, the party's leader Nigel Farage has said.
A campaign group has criticised plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal.
League Two side Rochdale have signed Charlton Athletic striker Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Plans for a 20,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol have been given the go-ahead.
Police in the Colombian capital, Bogota, are searching for a gang leader who has been hiding in a pair of huts.
A hole in the ground at one of Scotland's most picturesque golf courses has been repaired.
Tesco has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profits after taking a charge related to its accounting scandal.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Ryan Oliver on a season-long loan deal.
A Polish journalist who was threatened with expulsion from Russia has said he will take his cat with him to Poland.
The United Nations has accused the Venezuelan government of using "excessive force" against protesters during the country's recent anti-government protests.
New pictures have been released of three of the world's most powerful Earth observation satellites.
A World War Two veteran who was taken ill after being shot in the shoulder has been presented with his medal by the French embassy.
League Two side Mansfield Town have agreed to sign former MK Dons striker Ben Davies on a season-long loan.
A top-down reorganisation of Welsh local government is not an option, the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
Exeter fly-half Joe Launchbury has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to a charge of violent conduct.
Iran has banned the use of encrypted messaging app Telegram.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie says he wants to be part of a winning America's Cup team in the future.
Image-based passwords are likely to be as strong as most passwords chosen by users, say researchers.
A man has died after being stabbed outside a pub in Grimsby.
China has condemned Japan's controversial new defence laws, saying they violate the country's pacifist constitution.
Rafael Benitez's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in a goalless draw as he was held to a draw by Southampton at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young will miss Ireland's two one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan because of a hamstring injury.
A new species of dinosaur found in a Dorset museum has been named after a British fossil hunter.
Katie Archibald won gold in the women's individual pursuit at the European Track Cycling Championships in London.
The number of Scottish League Two matches attended by more than four million people in the last financial year has reached a record high.
The restoration of Alexandra Palace theatre in north London is to be completed by the end of the year, the BBC has announced.
A sinkhole has opened up on the golf course at Royal Birkdale in South Africa.
The number of people claiming to have voted twice in the general election has risen to its highest level since 1997, a watchdog has said.
Manchester Flyers have clinched the Women's British Basketball League Play-offs after beating Force to move into the top eight.
Josh Matavesi's late penalty earned Ospreys a draw against Racing 92 to keep their European Champions Cup qualification hopes alive.
More than 11,000 Christmas cards have been sent to a terminally ill six-year-old boy in the United States.
Fifa has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December.
(Close): Shares in Barclays fell after the bank filed a lawsuit against the US government.
A Dundee woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock for the first time.
Chelsea have appointed Ventura as their new manager until the end of the 2018 World Cup.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she will never let her son go.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient and Portsmouth midfielder Nicolas Atangana on a one-year contract.
Middlesex batsman Tom Compton says he is not "far off cementing his place in the England side".
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oregon charged with the murder of an Australian student.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to become a writer?
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Six Nations because of a knee injury.
The World Cup was the most searched search term on Google in 2014, with "Who is Banksy" the most popular question.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Cattle says his side's second-half performance in their 16-0 win over Exeter Chiefs was "disjointed".
A woman who has been unable to walk for more than a year has met her fiance.
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a "re-evaluation" of all contacts with the United Nations following a UN vote on the issue.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that former Lithuanian President Paksas violated the constitution by disqualifying him from running for election.
Arsenal maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a convincing win over Watford.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of Wales on Monday.
The number of miscarriages in the UK is estimated to be one in every 10,000.
Cerberus, the US investment fund, has told a parliamentary committee that it was "as good as their word" in getting access to Northern Ireland's Nama loan portfolio.
Ayr United moved up to second in the Scottish Championship with a hard-fought win over Dunfermline Athletic.
Scotland's former first minister Jack McConnell has admitted he fell down a drain during a visit to Malawi in 2005.
The death of an inmate at Elmley Prison is being investigated by the Independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman.
A fraudster who posed as a court clerk to get staff to give him Â£1m has been jailed for four years.
Two senior police officers have been paid more than £51,000 in pension payments, according to a report by the auditor general.
A driver caught speeding at 51mph on a motorway has been banned from driving.
The UK government has said that it will make concessions to EU nationals living in the UK after the country voted to leave the EU.
Former EastEnders star Helen Mirren has died.
Virtual reality (VR) is a form of virtual reality that can be used to explore the world around you.
University students in Wales are more satisfied with their university experience than ever before, according to a survey.
Thousands of people are expected to attend Cologne's annual carnival, in the wake of sexual assaults on women in the city on New Year's Eve.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly have been invited to attend a meeting of the assembly's finance committee.
A black woman has claimed she was refused entry to a Nottingham nightclub because of her skin colour.
Young people in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find stability, according to a new study.
Three "musketeers" who tackled a burglar and arrested him have been given bravery awards by police.
EU nationals living in London should be eligible for a visa to stay in the UK after Brexit, according to a report by the London Chamber of Commerce.
Derby County captain Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pay.
Translink has said that a refurbished train on the Belfast to Dublin route will return to service this afternoon.
Indonesia's Islamic clerics have issued a fatwa urging the government to ban child marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the country's national team to boycott the 2018 World Series.
Boris Johnson has ruled out paying the EU to get access to the single market after Brexit.
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in southern Germany say they have withdrawn its licence.
India's parliament has passed a bill to toughen the punishment for juvenile offenders who commit serious crimes, including murders and rapes.
Three men have appeared in court charged with the murder of Bristol teenager Becky Watts.
The mother of a teenager who was pulled off an EasyJet flight because he was not allocated a seat has called for an overhaul of the airline's booking system.
The founder of the polio vaccination campaign has been praised for her "exceptional work" during the worst time of her life.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
A former coal spoil tip in Gedling National Park has been given the go-ahead to build a solar farm.
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to stop loyalist flag protests in 2012.
Labour leader Ed Balls has defended his party's spending plans in the Autumn Statement.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
Probation service staff should be allowed to review serious further offences following re-release, a report has said.
Somerset's County Championship match against Lancashire was abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than half of England's secondary schools are under-performing, according to the latest GCSE results.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes is taking legal action against the council.
The US Department of Defence has said it will recall nearly all of its civilian staff as part of a partial government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be sold off for meat if there is a sustainable market for them, an animal charity has said.
Latam airlines have suspended all flights to Venezuela, citing the country's currency controls.
Five men have been charged with causing the deaths of four people in a crash in Wakefield.
Spanish police have arrested a member of the Pink Panther jewellery gang, who they say carried out a series of armed robberies in Barcelona.
Rochdale came from behind to beat Scunthorpe in League One.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on whether to renegotiate a contract to repair the council's roads.
Radhika Menon is the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy.
England's final-day defeat in the first Test in Chennai was one of the most devastating defeats in the history of cricket.
Kids in the UK have voted on whether it's better to help bullies or punish them.
Surrey captain Mark Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Germany reached the last four of the Confederations Cup with a comfortable win over Cameroon.
The UK's new aircraft carriers will be protected in Portsmouth as part of a £1bn defence investment, the defence secretary has said.
Siemens Mobility has been awarded a contract to manufacture trains for the HS2 high-speed rail line in the UK.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be completed by the end of the year, the BBC understands.
Harriet Harman, the women's rights commissioner for the European Union, has told the BBC that the EU guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave.
A woman has admitted setting her pet dog on a woman in Aberdeen.
A 16-year-old boy arrested over the deaths of two teenagers in Caerphilly county has been released without charge.
Sixteen players have been named in the England squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The last woolly mammoths lived in the Arctic Ocean about 4,000 years ago, according to new research.
Actor John Johnson, who was best known for playing James Bond in Deadlier Than the Male, has died at the age of 83.
A woman has been raped in west Belfast.
The names of World War One soldiers who left their mark on Salisbury Plain during the trenches have been uncovered.
A mosaic of bulbs has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing campaign.
Restaurants in a Kent town are to be banned from opening near schools in a bid to tackle obesity.
Lego has ended its promotional relationship with the Daily Mail, following a campaign by a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate.
A drug that can reverse the effects of HIV has been developed by scientists at the University of California, Davis.
A man with Asperger's syndrome tried to buy ricin from the black market on the dark net, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the general election, promising a "fairer, more prosperous and wealthier Wales".
Harlow, one of the UK's first post-war towns, has celebrated its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says he is in talks with four or five international players to join the club next season.
Greece captain Andreas Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup.
Jack Baird's last-minute strike gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A'mad scientist' has pulled off one of the world's most famous stunts.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Dumfries and Galloway calling for the future of the two Tata Steel plants.
Vloggers are calling for clearer warnings about sponsored content on YouTube.
The family of a 12-year-old boy who was removed from mainstream schooling because of a lack of place for him at a special school have said they are worried about his future.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at restoring the country's democracy.
Australia is in the midst of a political crisis.
An investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has uncovered evidence of a "systemic, serious sexual and physical abuse", police have said.
Police are investigating the death of a man who was found dead at a hotel in Edinburgh.
The British and Irish Lions have been without fly-half Robbie Henshaw and wing George North for the rest of the tour.
Championship side Lech Poznan have signed Reading defender Tomas Rakels on loan until the end of the season.
Lana Del Rey isn't the type of person to shy away from the spotlight.
Violence between police and black communities has been on the rise in recent years.
More needs to be done to tackle unregistered schools in England, Ofsted says.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way in England on Saturday, with Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City all making their first signings.
Slovenian Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play for Great Britain at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Spanish cyclist Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the season.
A County Londonderry woman who was made redundant because of her disability has been awarded £10,000 in damages.
It's a new, if temporary, reality.
Guy Martin has been named as the final entry for the 2016 Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
Leeds United chief executive Martin Raynor says fans will not protest if the club loses at the end of the season.
In the early hours of the morning, Victoria Black was doing her morning workout in Hyde Park.
WBA world featherweight champion Charles Dickens will defend his title against Jorge Rigondeaux at London's O2 Arena on 26 March.
The Department of Foreign Affairs has said it will not be issuing any more certificates of Irish heritage after 24 August.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire.
Tony Parker retained his WBO light-heavyweight title with a unanimous points victory over Razvan Cojanu.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of policy changes in his first day in office.
Jockey Michael McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second time in three years with a thrilling victory in the Gold Cup at Aintree.
Rugby union player Liam Williams has been banned from the sport after appearing on a show dressed as a football player.
A Vietnamese man whose Facebook account was shut down because of a complaint about his name has said he is "very grateful" to those who have been supportive.
Tesco has agreed to buy a 49% stake in the Giraffe restaurant chain.
A taxi driver who took hundreds of pictures of people in his cab has said he was "really pleased" with the result.
At least 12 migrants have drowned after their boats sank in the Aegean Sea, Turkish coastguards say.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal blamed "Murphy" after his side's 2-0 defeat by Arsenal.
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", according to a leading trade body.
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud at a charity in Cardiff.
Michael Eisner is interested in becoming Portsmouth's new manager, according to reports.
The deaths of two migrants in Greece are "unacceptable", the International Rescue Committee has said.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of a Stegosaur dinosaur and reconstructed its muscles in a 3D model.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to cover up emissions cheating in diesel cars.
More than 1.5m cases of cancer worldwide are caused by infection, according to a new report.
David Cameron has said he has had "productive discussions" with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan about how to stop British jihadists travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake says he'd like to eat pizza again when he returns to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 has announced a new set of presenters for its 50th birthday.
Eight whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
The Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen says it has achieved its objectives, but what is it really about?
BBC Radio 4's Valentine's Day programme Reaction Time is one of the most anticipated programmes of the year.
The maker of Irn Bru has announced plans to cut the sugar content of its soft drinks by more than a third in the UK by the middle of this year.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep one of its most prominent shareholders on the board of the news website Gawker.
The Museum of London is trying to rebuild Eric, one of the world's most famous robots.
In April, El Salvador's government issued an alert to the Mexican drug cartels that they were planning to expand their operations in the country.
Great Britain's Winter Olympics are to receive more funding from UK Sport, following the success of the 2014 Sochi Games.
Manchester Storm moved to within two points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 2-1 win over the Storm on Saturday night.
A former MP has called for a change in the law to allow prosecutors to decide who is liable for a cyclist's death.
A woman arrested on suspicion of obstructing justice over the death of one of the victims of paedophile Richard Brady will not face charges.
Portsmouth were held to a draw by 10-man Carlisle in League Two.
Scientists have measured the shape of the electron.
The media should be allowed to report anything said in Parliament in breach of court orders, the justice secretary has said.
A man who fell from a roof and fractured his skull has been awarded £1.5m in damages after a judge ruled he should have been compensated.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish suffered a crash.
A parking company is facing disciplinary action after a woman was issued with a parking charge notice while still in bed.
Plans for £1.13bn improvements to a major road in Glasgow have been unveiled.
A South African singer has released a song in protest at the recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a turbulent week for the Welsh government.
The BBC Trust has defended its decision to publish a column criticising grouse hunting, saying it was not a breach of impartiality guidelines.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 6-3 to win the best-of-seven World Series and move into the best part of the best half of the season.
Fans of former Coronation Street actress Zoe Bracknell have raised more than £100,000 for her treatment for terminal lung cancer.
Leonardo Ulloa's late goal gave Leicester a vital point against West Ham at the King Power Stadium.
China is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of its biggest producers.
A street party to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday will be held at Buckingham Palace later this year.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A robot that can take a tumble has been developed by a US university.
The idea of a national identity card scheme for foreign nationals has long been in the headlines.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club's captain to discuss his future.
The US and Swiss authorities have launched an investigation into alleged corruption at world football's governing body Fifa, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland should leave the role at the end of the season to take up the role of New Zealand head coach, says former Lions fly-half Michael Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has accused former FBI director James Comey of being a "leaker".
Liberal Democrat candidate George Galloway has been accused of "wasting police time" after he tweeted his party's exit poll before the general election.
A road which was closed for more than two years after a landslide has been reopened to traffic.
A video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Las Vegas.
A man who used social media to raise money for a cancer charity has been jailed for eight months.
Australia has appointed Joe Hockey as its new ambassador to the United States.
The Department for the Economy has submitted a plan to reduce the tariffs paid to people who got into the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 say they have closed off a number of theories about his death.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell is three shots off the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic, which starts on Sunday.
Locks have been removed from a bridge over the River Haven to prevent them rusting.
Lewis Hamilton says he is capable of beating Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to the world title this year.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from the River Clyde after it became stuck in the water.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria are investigating reports that people dressed as "killer clowns" are parading in public in a "copycat" of incidents in the US.
Durham Jets' hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast were dashed as they were beaten by Leicestershire by six wickets in Hove.
South Africa's bowlers took four wickets in the final over of the first Test against India to put the hosts in a strong position.
The number of energy customers switching to a different tariff has reached a record high, according to new data.
Girls are among the least physically active groups in the UK, a study suggests.
A drug used to treat osteoporosis may increase the risk of fractures, according to a new study.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester have been left without power after recent flooding.
Transport for London (TfL) has said it will stop paying for bus journeys with cash when it switches to a cashless system.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside for the first time in more than a decade.
Glasgow-based fashion retailer Primark is to expand its operations in Scotland, with the aim of creating 16 new stores.
If you're planning to do a lot of things over the next few weeks, you probably need a fitness tracker.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has apologised for the way the force responded to the Hillsborough disaster.
The M4 hard shoulder has reopened following a three-vehicle crash on the M4.
An autonomous underwater vehicle has failed to find any wreckage in the search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
Annan Athletic and Clyde both made it two wins from two in Scottish League Two on Saturday.
People in Scotland have been saying that Scotland should get independence from the rest of the UK.
A former head of strings at a Manchester music school raped a student, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports surged in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied claims he "pulled the wool over the eyes" of AMs over a £39m timber deal.
Councils in England face a £200bn shortfall over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
It has been a week of intense debate in Japan about what is acceptable and what is bad parenting.
It has been a rollercoaster ride for me as I prepare to take over as Surrey director of cricket.
Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has told Newsround he will not become a better athlete if he has one bad race.
The new leader of the UK Independence Party, Raheem Kassam, has said he wants to sack the party's former boss, Nigel Farage.
A hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland will not be possible in the foreseeable future, Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Bertie Ahern has said.
A memorial to those who died fighting in the Spanish Civil War has been unveiled in Liverpool.
A woman has been shot dead by a group of men on pedal cycles.
The Channel Tunnel has become one of the most controversial parts of the Channel Tunnel.
The leader of Pakistan's Balochistan separatist movement has said the Pakistani military has already suffered a "moral defeat".
David Cameron's team of Eurosceptic ministers have decided to relent on their plan to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has announced he will not be allowed to use social media.
Girls in Wales should be vaccinated against a sexually transmitted disease, campaigners have said.
A company that found a replacement for a sippy cup for a boy who has been unable to drink has been contacted by his father.
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham came from behind to beat Brentford at Griffin Park.
French Socialist Francois Ayrault has been named defence minister by President Francois Hollande.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sleepwalking after being found unconscious outside his Manchester hotel.
The 2017 Winter Olympics start in Pyeongchang, South Korea on Friday.
Wycombe Wanderers' Olufemi Akinfenwa has been suspended for two games after being sent off against Le Havre.
A former Philadelphia congressman, Chaka Fattah, has been found guilty of fraud and money laundering related to his son's student debt.
UK Sport has set a target of winning at least eight medals at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has proposed a new fiscal framework for the Scottish economy.
Dayle Southwell scored twice as Wycombe Wanderers beat Stevenage to record their first win of the season.
A teenager who stabbed a 16-year-old boy to death at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Great Britain have qualified for the semi-finals of their respective boat classes at the European Rowing Championships in Budapest.
Venus Williams is being investigated by police in Florida over the death of a man who was hit by her car.
Chess boxing is one of the most popular sports in the world, but the sport's popularity in India is growing rapidly.
A fund set up to save one of the world's largest radio telescopes has raised more than $200,000 (£100,000) in its first week of operation.
Two Scottish Conservative MSPs have said they are in favour of the UK remaining in the EU.
A man has been fined after climbing on to the roof of a church in Edinburgh.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a plan to reinstate leadership elections to the shadow cabinet.
Hate crimes against women are to be recorded as a crime under a new police classification.
An opinion poll for the BBC Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland suggests that a united Ireland is the most popular option.
An Iranian couple who agreed to go to Cambodia to be resettled in Papua New Guinea have left the country.
A cafe has apologised to the family of murdered schoolgirl April Jones after a "humorous" sign was posted.
London preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for five years for inviting support for so-called Islamic State (IS).
A three-year-old boy has died and three other children have been injured in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£18bn) in bonds to help the tech giant reduce its debt pile.
A Kent hospital trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages, staffing shortages and poor patient safety.
China has lashed out at US President-elect Donald Trump over his "One China" policy.
A baby hatches centre in southern China has been temporarily closed to new babies, its director has said.
A man died after getting into difficulty in the sea while trying to rescue a friend, an inquest has heard.
So what is the lock on Labour keeping a government in power?
The family of a Powys man missing in Peru are planning to fly him to Peru.
Peru's President Edgar Humala has said he has begun to lay the groundwork for the "great transformation that most citizens crave".
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor after falling into the sea.
A biker has claimed he was barred from a brewery's pub because of its ban on swearing.
Leeds Rhinos maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over Warrington Wolves.
Promotion-chasing Cliftonhill moved three points clear at the top of Scottish League Two with a 2-0 win at Livi Town.
Work to rebuild a shopping centre which has been closed for more than a decade has been given the go-ahead.
Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The head of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in England and Wales, Mark McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have agreed a joint report on their relationship.
A police force failed to act on concerns raised about an illegal dog that killed a baby girl, a serious case review has found.
England women manager Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Norway and Sweden.
The referendum on whether the UK should remain in or leave the European Union is being held in Cumbria.
Morocco's interior minister has criticised the turnout in Sunday's presidential election, saying it was far lower than expected.
Kevin Pietersen hit his highest Twenty20 score of the season as South Africa's Dolphins beat Melbourne Knights in the Big Bash League.
Leaders of Northern Ireland's political parties have threatened to take legal action against the UK government over the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland is continuing.
Plans to expand a water garden by diverting the River Epte have been unearthed by the Royal Academy of Art.
The owner of a firework shop destroyed in a "horrendous" explosion in Southampton has said he will rebuild the business.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the Shoreham air crash site have been sacked.
Goals from Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani helped Leicester City beat Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup second round.
More needs to be done to improve the early warning system for sepsis, the Welsh government has said.
A judge in California has ordered a mediation between the widow of actor Robin Williams and his estate.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £14,000 in benefits and child benefits has been jailed for six months.
British astronaut Luca Coulibaly has become the first person to walk inside the International Space Station.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK government's arms exports to Saudi Arabia are lawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order suffered a second successive collapse in their World Cup warm-up match against India A in Mumbai.
Shares in cruise giant Carnival jumped after the company reported a sharp drop in third-quarter profits.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of recreational marijuana, officials say.
A woman who lost her friend in a fire at a chemical plant has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours list.
People in Bristol, in the US, have been complaining about the smell of vinegar.
Private sector companies would be "foolish not to help" the public sector in Oxfordshire, according to a business leader.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a concert in Toronto, Canada.
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to go top of the Bundesliga.
The UK will have the world's fastest broadband network by 2016, Transport Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to improve the provision of HIV testing in some parts of the world, say researchers.
Goalkeeper Gemma Fay says she turned down the chance to play at a major tournament for the first time in her career when she made her Scotland debut against Slovenia.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Edinburgh secured a place in the European Champions Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought win over Leinster at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "very much in favour" of scrapping the benefit cap, saying it is responsible for "social cleansing" in his constituency.
Employers should not be subjected to "Stasi-style surveillance" at work, business leaders have said.
One of the world's most famous big cats, Legolas the Lion, has been shot dead in Botswana.
Adult social care services for the over-65s will be hit by a further £1bn in cuts this year, according to a survey.
Kilmarnock have agreed a deal to sign defender Michael McCulloch from Rangers.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on new players before the transfer window closes.
Widnes Vikings full-back Tom Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side.
League One side Latics have signed Bournemouth defender Ryan MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has been criticised for failing to improve the care of elderly patients at a hospital in the south of Scotland.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Friend has been ruled out of the rest of the season after collapsing against the dugout during the 2-2 draw with Southampton.
Belize, a former British crown colony, is one of the most prosperous countries in Latin America.
A woman has been cleared of having sex with a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for children with severe epilepsy is being tested in Edinburgh.
Senegalese troops have entered The Gambia in a bid to force President Yahya Jammeh to step down.
It is not the kind of school you would expect to see in Belfast.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has clarified that he did not order RTÉ to report details of a TD's finances under privilege.
League One side Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a one-year deal.
Energy firm BG Group has reported a sharp fall in first-quarter profits after Royal Dutch Shell's offer for the firm was rejected.
The closure of a major road in Cumbria after Storm Desmond has caused a "crisis" in bookings, a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood Town moved up to second in League One with a hard-fought victory at Scunthorpe.
Emergency workers in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, are desperately trying to reach the people most at risk from the devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "worried" about his whereabouts.
Jockey Ann Turner says she is proud of the hard work of female jockeys as she prepares to retire from racing.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains found in a river in New Mexico have been identified as that of an 80-year-old American treasure hunter.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the outskirts of Londonderry.
Imagine being able to throw a hammer for the first time in your life.
Transformers: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row.
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff line in Derbyshire.
Police are investigating the death of a cyclist who was hit by a lorry in south-east London.
Thousands of rugby fans and visitors have attended the 2015 World Cup in Newcastle.
Cardiff City's unbeaten start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been rescued after being left in a cardboard box in a Denbighshire pet shop.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Mansfield Town.
A man has been jailed for his part in the murder of a man in a park in Newcastle.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association's performance coaching scheme is set to continue.
A Monet painting called Nympheas has sold for £31.7m at an auction in New York.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell is not far away from making the Ryder Cup.
Drugs giant Pfizer has been accused of abusing its dominant position in the UK market by the competition watchdog.
Zanzibar's football association has submitted an application to become a member of world football's governing body, according to its president Joseph Malinzi.
Audi will not compete in the Formula E series in 2018 after withdrawing from endurance racing.
A water main has burst in Bournemouth, causing widespread disruption to homes.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to pledge to restore the money Scottish families will lose from the Tory tax rise.
Bristol City are without injured midfielder Nemanja Makhachkala.
Iraq's parliamentary elections have been dominated by a number of competing parties.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for high winds across the UK.
A treasure trove of gold coins has been discovered off the coast of Caesarea in southern Israel.
Former world number one Mark Lindahl has been banned for six months after being found guilty of attempting to fix a match.
The recent rise in executive pay has been criticised by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (ICI).
A college is changing its approach to teaching GCSEs to students who have failed to achieve the key skills needed for a successful career.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a street in Tallaght, County Londonderry.
A couple's coffin-themed wedding photo shoot has gone viral on social media, with many saying it was inspired by their jobs.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Huddersfield and Birmingham played out a goalless draw.
Downton Abbey star Helen Mirren is to join the cast of the fifth series of the BBC One drama.
Oil prices have fallen below $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
Wolfsburg striker Christian Bendtner has been fined for failing to turn up to training on time.
A museum is searching for a key part of a World War Two teleprinter, which was used to break the German cipher code.
Wales and India are to share the heritage of the performing arts in a series of projects.
An academy chain has been criticised by the education watchdog for failing to meet standards.
Leicester City have signed France defender Christophe Reveillere on a season-long loan.
Russia's top anti-corruption watchdog says it plans to make public access to the country's state property registry, in a bid to tackle corruption.
Nato and Russia have "profound and persistent differences" over the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the Nato-Russia Council has said.
The Scottish Prison Service is to install mobile phone signals at two prisons in Dumfries and Galloway, Justice Secretary John MacAskill has announced.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the US state of Louisiana after severe flooding.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, saying it was "barbaric".
Plans for a new golf course in East Sutherland have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Google is to invest £1bn in its new headquarters in London, the company has announced.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence of a "modern bungalow" used by Stonehenge dwellers.
A chronology of key events:
Christian Benteke has turned down a move to Crystal Palace.
The family of a 75-year-old Scottish woman who was flown to Australia to live with her family have said they have not been able to meet the visa requirements.
A shoe shop in County Tyrone has been flooded after heavy rain caused flooding.
A task force set up to help save Scotland's steel industry has met in Edinburgh.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
A newborn baby has been found dead at a bus stop in Conwy county.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Professional Football League will create as much tension in the Championship as there was last season, according to the club's director of football Colin Doncaster.
Universities in Wales are facing a funding crisis because there is not enough money to fund them, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Ronny Luzon says he is not worried about his side's Championship play-off hopes as he focuses on Saturday's game against Burnley.
The Chinese government is "shaming" foreign companies and ordering them to apologise for their actions, according to the former head of the Communist Party of China.
Wales beat Northern Ireland in the FA Cup final on Sunday to secure their first home win of the season.
More than half of working families in England would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by Shelter.
The number of people using contactless payments has more than doubled in the past seven years, according to industry figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces are facing their toughest battle yet to retake the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), a military spokesman has told the BBC.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City Ladies as they drew at Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
UK inflation rose by 0.1% in January compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
Great Britain's Liam Davies and Sarah Hermitage won gold medals at the European Championships in Rome, while Katie Weir and Sarah Weir also claimed gold.
Plans to improve the A9 in North Lanarkshire have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" the option of bringing in Yids Yiadom for Tuesday's game at Ipswich.
The Welsh government has been accused of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on a "stupid poster campaign" to promote the Metro project.
Sebastian O'Brien has been named in Ireland's 23-man squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against Italy.
MPs have clashed over the BBC's lack of investment in the Midlands.
The most distant object in our Solar System has been discovered.
If you want a bouquet of roses, don't do it.
England thrashed New Zealand for the first time in their history to reach the quarter-finals of the Six Nations.
The Open Artificial Intelligence (AI) project has raised $1bn (Â£1.5bn) in funding from a range of high-profile figures.
Scotland ran in five tries as they came from behind to beat Georgia at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the club at the end of the season.
The number of young people turning out to vote in the general election has risen dramatically in the past year, according to new figures.
Sir Neville Chamberlain, one of the world's leading chamber orchestras, has died at the age of 91.
There is a saying in the world of sport that it is hard to escape the bad ending.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
The Irish government has banned the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland.
Bournemouth manager Mark Hughes says he is considering a move for Giannelli Imbula.
A man has died after his car crashed into a lorry in Kent.
A body has been recovered from the sea off the coast of Cornwall by a French yachtsman.
Sengo has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016 for 2016.
It was a night of celebration in Tel Aviv when the results of Israel's parliamentary elections were announced.
The average daily commute to and from work in the UK has more than doubled since 2010, according to official figures.
Barra Airport is one of Scotland's oldest and most scenic airports.
Work has begun on a new pedestrian crossing in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tributes have been paid to the three people killed in the Manchester Arena attack on 22 May.
Plans for a new Garden Bridge in south London have been approved after a deal was reached.
A collection of sculptures inspired by the work of Dame Zaha Hadid has opened at Chatsworth Gardens.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" in the capital, London.
The year of 2016 was a year of high profile figures in the arts.
Tate Modern's new director, Nicholas Serota, has issued an open letter to the public, saying: "I leave an institution that has the potential to reach broad audiences across the UK and abroad."
The transfer window has closed in England and the Scottish Premiership.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking restrictions at Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has said he is optimistic that a deal will be reached on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
Sister Nirmala Devi, who took over the running of a charity in the West Bengal state of West Bengal, has died at the age of 84.
Sunderland goalkeeper Hannah Laws has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has never called for a veto on any Brexit deal negotiated by the UK government.
The Co-operative Bank has said it is in advanced talks with a group of existing investors on a possible recapitalisation.
As we drove through the Afghan capital, Kabul, we came across a German-made digger.
A railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after being closed due to flooding.
A dog born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
A letter written by John Lennon to his mother in 1951 is to be auctioned.
Theresa May's victory in the general election is a watershed moment for the Conservative Party, but what is it going to mean for the party?
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 500th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Former Scotland captain Darren Wilson has backed Scott Brown to succeed Darren Fletcher as national team captain.
A rescue boat has been taken to the Greek island of Lesbos to help rescue people stranded on the island.
Police in the US city of Ferguson have used tear gas to break up a protest over the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager.
Brazil is one of the world's most heavily-forested countries.
Former Wales head coach Alan Solomons says the new Pro12 competition will be "brutal" for both sides.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced that he has nationalised a power company.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC and Taco Bell, has reported better-than-expected sales in China.
Residents of a Sheerwater estate in Kent are to be asked to give their views on plans to regenerate the area.
Workers have been evacuated from a nuclear power station in Aberdeenshire after a vessel caught fire.
Black voters in Ferguson, Missouri, have voted to elect a black mayor for the first time in the city's history.
The Trades Union Congress has called for a "winter of discontent" in response to government cuts to public services.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins has won the Road World Championships for the third time in four years.
It's been two weeks since I visited Hanoi, Vietnam, and I can't believe how fast the Asian economy is growing.
Two men have been charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney.
A council leader has said he has "some responsibility" for the failure of a council to repay a £10.25m loan to a football club.
Millennials born in the 1980s are the first generation not to have higher incomes than their predecessors, according to a new report.
A Scottish photographer has created a collection of photographs of Star Wars characters on the Firth of Forth.
Indian Wells tournament director Ray Moore has resigned after calling for more prize money for female players.
Richard Cockerill has left his position as head coach of Leicester Tigers.
Former New York insurance chief Hank Greenberg is to stand trial on fraud charges, a US court has ruled.
Travis Trescothick's double century helped Somerset fight back against Nottinghamshire on day two at Trent Bridge.
A Newport poultry company has been fined £250,000 after it was found to be operating in "unhygienic conditions".
A police officer who rescued a man who fell from a fire escape has been recognised for his bravery.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will find a way to fix its diesel emissions scandal.
Ollie Norburn's late goal saw Macclesfield come from behind to beat Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka's cricket authorities have launched an investigation after two players turned down an offer to play in a World Twenty20 match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for the second time in three months.
Premier League football matches will be shown live on Sky Sports for the first time this season.
Talks aimed at forming a minority government in the Republic of Ireland have stalled.
Birmingham City have signed striker James Mackie on a one-year contract after he rejected a new deal with the Championship club.
A baby albino deer has been born in the US state of New York.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a family of 12 from Luton who are believed to have travelled to Syria.
Plans for a £20m gondola line linking Cardiff Bay and the city centre have been unveiled by the Welsh Government.
The PSNI has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it should pay compensation to a man who was murdered by loyalists.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor Barack Obama of failing to act on allegations of Russian meddling in the election.
A football club has apologised after a "horrible scraping noise" was heard coming from its ground.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish capital, Istanbul, killing at least one person and injuring several others, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who sued a council leader for defamation has had her case against him dropped.
An Emirates flight from Dubai to Hong Kong has been robbed at gunpoint by a watch merchant, police have said.
The leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party has said he will not seek re-election if he is re-elected.
A man who was deported from the UK because his parents were married is not liable to be deported because of his birth, the UK's top court has ruled.
A senior financial services executive has been fined £450,000 by the City watchdog for failing to pay the full fare on a London-bound train.
Five former foreign secretaries have called on David Cameron to tackle corruption in Russia during his visit to Moscow.
Jake Cassidy scored twice as Hartlepool came from behind to draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not redesign its nuclear reactor at Arak, the country's nuclear chief has said.
The death of Private John Parr, one of the first British soldiers to die fighting in World War One, has been described as "one of the most tragic events in British history".
David Haye says he will "fully pay" any fine imposed by the British Boxing Board of Control after comments he made about Tony Bellew in their fight in London.
The battle to save the struggling department store chain BHS from liquidation has been going on for months.
South African industrial action is under way after the country's largest union, the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (Numsa), announced it was suspending its membership.
A British man who was shot dead by a gunman on a Paris-bound train has been awarded the French Legion d'honneur.
A major flood protection scheme in the Scottish Borders is to be delayed until the end of the year.
Council leaders on the Isle of Wight have said they will not support the government's bid to create a Solent Combined Authority.
Bournemouth have signed Middlesbrough winger Vincent de Roon on a season-long loan deal.
The coffin of Prime Minister David Cameron has been restored to its former glory after it was removed from a railway station in Wiltshire.
The chief executive of the NHS in London has warned that the number of people working in the city is at its highest level since records began.
Ikea has recalled a popular beach chair after five reports of injuries to fingers.
India's banks are using indelible ink to stop people from exchanging big bank notes.
Former American football star Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of head injuries.
A woman and her husband have been rescued after a lorry crashed into their flat in Fairlie, Strathclyde.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died after being hit by a ball.
Substitute Kenneth Aluko scored a late winner as Hull City came from behind to beat Nottingham Forest.
Stem cells have been produced to treat type 1 diabetes, according to US scientists.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew was sent off in the 2-2 draw with Watford after being involved in an alleged disturbance at the club's ground.
Lyle Stevenson says Hibernian have a squad capable of winning the Scottish Cup for a third time.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Laura Lindahl has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A court in Pakistan has refused bail to an Afghan woman who is believed to have defrauded the country out of millions of dollars by applying for an identity card.
The invention of medical equipment is one of the great inventions of the 20th Century.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 in Oxfordshire have been unveiled by the county council.
Newcastle United have signed Dutch defender Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a three-year deal.
Police are searching for a 13-year-old girl who has been missing for more than a week.
A 12-year-old girl who went missing in Cleveland has been found safe and well, police have said.
The vicar of St Mary with All Souls in West Hampstead has said the Church of England is "systemally homophobic".
Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as Scotland prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen have agreed a deal to sign defender Scott Sinclair on a two-year contract.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Sheffield Steelers 4-2 in the first of two games of their Elite League play-off series.
On the shores of Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, there is a palpable sense of optimism about the city's future.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare has been beatified and made a saint by Pope Francis.
A new exhibition of Henri Matisse's cut-out art has been described as "a masterpiece" by critics.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United employee has told a disciplinary hearing she was suspended because of her relationship with the club's head coach.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who tried to stop him from taking the stage at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager after six months in charge.
A care home for the elderly in Ceredigion is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs, the council has said.
The US space agency's Juno probe has captured its first images of Jupiter.
"There is no such thing as a clear cut."
A Wigan biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire engineering firm has revealed how its £2.3m investment in the Zano prototype failed to pay off.
Malaysian police say they have foiled an attack on a restaurant by the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Bulgaria and New York are in the race to be the next UN secretary-general.
Police in the European Union have arrested more than 100 people in an anti-terrorism operation.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) officer who had his medals stolen from his car has said he was "surprised" by the reaction online.
The 21st winning title in the Irish language, Out Stealing Horses, has been announced by the city librarian of Dublin.
A Leicestershire museum has been put at risk after the county council withdrew funding for a project.
Antoine Walcott's injury-time equaliser earned Arsenal a point against Manchester United at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed inexperience in sub-continent conditions in the second Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
It's 30 years since the Zeebrugge ferry capsized in the English Channel.
Volunteers are helping to save the lives of hundreds of juvenile bats in Northern Ireland.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a London Underground train.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, but what does that mean for the rest of the country?
Three pupils at Londonderry school have been suspended after cannabis was found on their property.
Queens Park Rangers made it two wins from two in the Championship with a comfortable victory over Leeds United.
Five people have appeared in court accused of misconduct in relation to the use of a police helicopter.
Microsoft has unveiled a new game console that lets users control games on their tablets and smartphones.
The Scottish Premiership season gets under way on Sunday, with Celtic and Aberdeen looking to build on last season's success.
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport have been suspended after a drone was spotted near the airport.
A prominent Bahraini human rights activist, Abdulhadi al-Rajab, has been released after serving more than six years in prison.
Rangers moved up to third in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
A consortium of clinical commissioning groups has emerged as the frontrunner to co-ordinate NHS cancer care in Staffordshire, the BBC understands.
Jersey has unveiled a memorial to its soldiers who died in World War One.
Exeter Chiefs maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales.
Congo reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Burkina Faso.
Police in India have arrested a writer-activist for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two US airlines have collided in Detroit, killing one person and injuring another.
The number of people seeking work in Scotland rose by 15,000 in the first quarter of the year, according to official figures.
A woman who came up with a "really good snow effect" for the latest Star Wars film is selling her products to the industry.
The number of mental health patients discharged from hospital in England has fallen, according to new figures.
A schoolgirl with a rare form of arthritis has been given the go-ahead to start treatment on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's pre-season friendly against AFC Wimbledon has been postponed because of illness.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 87, her family has announced.
A plumbing company has been fined £1,000 for failing to check gas supply flues and pipes in more than 300 homes following a gas leak.
If you walk into the University of Groningen in Wiltshire and you notice the graffiti, it's probably going to be written in Dutch.
The Ulster-Scots language was first spoken in the Republic of Ireland in the early 19th Century.
A 72-year-old woman who was kidnapped in California last month has been found safe and well.
The New York City Council has approved a bill that would ban topless strip clubs in Times Square.
A disabled man who was evicted from a mental health hospital has said he was forced to stay because he refused to leave.
Some private clinics in England are not telling women enough about the risks of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed Republic of Ireland striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
More people are being encouraged to take up walking and cycling in Wales, a government plan has said.
There are a number of groups in the Republican Party that want to elect Barack Obama as president.
A couple have become engaged after taking part in the Snowdon Mountain Bike Race.
Conservative MP Sir Kevin Brady has said he has not breached House of Commons rules on using parliamentary facilities for personal or business use.
Shares in Weibo, China's biggest social media platform, have risen more than 20% after the company raised more than expected in its initial public offering.
The Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball team are back in action!
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow.
The US territory of Guam has been hit by a series of threats from North Korea.
A British diver has said he was "absolutely elated" that charges against him over the deaths of two friends in Malta have been dropped.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a rise in oil prices.
Protesters in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have taken to the streets to protest against a ban on the city's communist past.
Rory McIlroy's recent comments about the importance of Europe in the Ryder Cup have been taken with a grain of salt.
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Amazon has been accused of using its European headquarters in Luxembourg to avoid paying tax in the UK.
Afghanistan is one of the countries hardest hit by the migrant crisis.
It was supposed to be one of the greatest comeback stories of all time.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election to the House of Commons next year.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust is still waiting to hear from the new owners of the Premier League club.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Gwynedd.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has no doubts about his side's patriotism despite Gareth Bale's criticism of Wales.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has warned Ed Miliband not to "queen his pitch" over the Unite union dispute.
Theresa May has told the BBC that Brexit talks will be "tough" and that the next person to find out will be Jean-Claude Juncker.
Lithuania have re-signed defender Scott Martin on a one-year deal after he left Raith Rovers.
The chief executive of the Circuit of Wales has said he is "surprised and concerned" about claims about the size of the project.
More than 200 jobs could be lost at Southampton City Council.
Belfast City moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a hard-fought win.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-21 international defender Ben James on a season-long loan deal.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been found dead at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hull City defender Callum Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The family of a teenager found dead in a canal have said they are "shocked" her death was not monitored.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris has become an icon in Australia, but now he is facing a backlash in Melbourne.
The boss of French carmaker PSA Group is to meet the prime minister to discuss the company's plans to buy Vauxhall.
Scotland's largest salmon producer has reported a loss for the three months to the end of March due to "challenging" fishing conditions.
A former Northern Ireland minister has said he will ask the Audit Office to investigate claims that Invest NI signed a private finance initiative (PFI) contract in 2005.
Scientists say they have found a new insect repellent that can repel mosquitoes in three minutes.
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend at a cinema in Cardiff.
The name Apple Corps may not seem like a big deal to many people.
A water company has apologised after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms" in the water supply following a burst main.
It's been another busy week in the world of gaming.
England beat Pakistan by seven wickets in the second Test in Southampton to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland is based in a house in Belfast.
David Cameron has said a UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is "still very much a work in progress".
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron's time at Oxford University, is in a critical condition in hospital in Turkey, his publisher has said.
The Taliban have captured the southern Afghan province of Helmand, officials say.
Prisoners have been asked to come to an evening to discuss how to deal with contraband being thrown over the wall.
The first women priests will be ordained in Wales in January, the Church in Wales has announced.
Councillors are being asked to approve the cost of the Borders Borders Water and Sewerage Project.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said he hopes the SDLP will be part of the new Northern Ireland Executive.
The search for the missing crew of a helicopter that crashed off the coast of County Galway has resumed.
The world's largest outdoor music festival has been held in China.
A British all-amputee team has become the first team to row an ocean for more than 50 years.
A tidal energy company has said it is "absolutely delighted" to be the first company in the world to install a fully operational tidal array in Shetland.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on a free transfer.
Two German men have claimed to have found a Nazi military train buried in the ground in Poland.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to six players, including midfielder Mark Darby.
The new director of the Tate in London, Kate Balshaw, says the institution is "a step closer" to becoming a global art brand.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has said it is investigating a hacking attack on a personal email belonging to former director John Brennan.
The robots are taking part in this year's RoboCup - the world's biggest artificial intelligence competition.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Mini USA has withdrawn its sponsorship of former World Cup winner Abby Wambach after she was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
Spain's Alberto Contador won stage one of the Criterium du Dauphine as Britain's Chris Froome finished second.
Teachers in the UK are spending more time in the classroom than in other developed countries, according to a report by the OECD.
The UK government has failed to respond positively to a demand for an independent inquiry into the deaths of five Malayan villagers, a court has ruled.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Anders Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have cancelled a concert in Glasgow because of "safety issues".
Many schools in England are failing to meet the requirements of the school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator.
Tottenham extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points with victory over Swansea.
Celtic captain Scott Brown says his side have "let themselves down" by their lack of results this season.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid midfielder Jese on a two-year contract.
If you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, you probably don't have much to worry about.
Russia has held its largest ever military exercises in southern Russia, with the deployment of more than 1,000 troops.
An ambulance support worker who posted "offensive and derogatory" comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off.
The Israeli navy has intercepted a boat carrying Palestinian activists in the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Leaders of Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning on the eve of the general election.
A compensation fund for victims of asbestos-related cancer is to be launched by the government, it has been announced.
Blackburn Rovers' Championship survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Championship strugglers Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have signed Shrewsbury Town striker Tom Barnett on a two-year deal.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to the country after more than a year in exile.
(Close): Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Wednesday.
A man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
The number of people in Wales who identify as having no religion has fallen to its lowest level since 2001, according to the 2011 census.
French Resistance leader Raymond Aubrac has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
Police in Nigeria have arrested three men suspected of committing acts of homosexuality.
Wigan Warriors moved to within a point of Super League leaders Hull FC with a hard-fought victory over Leeds Rhinos.
Milton Keynes Dons are one of the most successful football clubs in the country.
More than 2,000 Syrian refugees are expected to arrive in Scotland within the next three weeks, according to the charity Cosla.
Striker Paul Shinnie scored a late winner as Aberdeen came from behind to beat Apollon Limassol and reach the Europa League last 16.
A police force in Canada has apologised after a helicopter's loudspeaker was turned on.
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a friend to death in west London.
World number one Andy Murray reached the last 16 of Wimbledon with a straight-set win over Italian Fabio Fognini.
A man has been arrested in Germany in connection with the bombing of a Borussia Dortmund football team bus.
A vigil has been held for a black man who died after being tackled by police.
League One side Gillingham have re-appointed Paul Pennock as manager on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Police in northern India have arrested 10 Muslim men accused of inciting hatred against Pakistan during the World Cup final.
Turkey's foreign minister has said he hopes the so-called Islamic State (IS) will be "endured" in its fight against the militant group.
The US Army Corps of Engineers will not grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota, activists say.
An alpaca who was badly injured in a dog attack in New Zealand has been given life-saving surgery.
The family of a man who died after a bomb attack at a prison have said they are "devastated and beyond shock".
A man accused of murdering a man outside Tonik nightclub in Aberdeen was "highly drunk", a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "happy" Gareth Southgate has the chance to become England's new manager.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has lost his appeal against his red card in Saturday's 2-1 win over Celtic.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term hipster to describe a fire which destroyed a building in east London.
Two men have admitted attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has announced plans for a new stadium to replace their old stadium.
British far-right group Britain First is being investigated by police over a visit to a Cardiff mosque.
A 3D reconstruction project has been launched in Mosul, Iraq, to document the destruction of ancient artefacts and artefacts from the city.
More needs to be done to tackle alcohol abuse in Wales, a report has said.
The wreck of a 17th Century shipwreck is to be revealed to the public for the first time.
West Ham's move from London Stadium to Upton Park is a major boost to the local economy, but what will it mean for the local pub and street traders?
British businessman Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa, Scotland Yard has said.
The NHS in England is failing the most vulnerable in society, according to a report commissioned by Marie Curie.
England suffered a final-day collapse as South Africa took control of the final Test to win the series 2-1.
Scientists have used a new telescope to get a detailed view of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has unveiled plans to give teachers a protected status during wars and conflicts.
American golfer Lee Allenby says he was robbed at knifepoint in a bar in Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "big test" when they face Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden, according to former manager John Miller.
A former aide to Osama Bin Laden has died, Yemeni officials say.
Chile's Calbuco volcano has erupted again, spewing ash and rock into the air over the town of Cochamo.
The Republican Party in North Carolina has narrowly defeated two challengers in the primary election to replace Kay Hagan as US senator.
Manchester United football tickets were bought by a college under "chaotic" management, it has emerged.
The chief constable of North Wales Police has warned it faces a "significant challenge" to save money.
The Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video of himself firing a machine gun at a pro-democracy activist in the European Parliament.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 2-2 draw by the Belfast Giants in the Elite League on Saturday night.
Russia's state-run Novaya Gazeta newspaper has called on Muslim clerics to "retreat" journalists who report on human rights abuses in Chechnya.
Actor Harrison Ford has said he is "very happy" with the script for his next Star Wars film.
England fast bowler James Anderson took a new record for the most wickets taken in a one-day international against Pakistan.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced that 100 of its branches will close in the UK by the end of the year.
UK pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline has announced plans to buy two of the world's biggest pharmaceutical companies for $1.5bn (£1.3bn).
A poster featuring the words "Independence calls for its bravest man" has been sold at auction for £300.
The first round of the FA Cup qualifying rounds is underway in England, with a host of intriguing stories surrounding the competition.
Justice Minister Michael Shatter has been embroiled in a number of controversies in the Republic of Ireland over the past five years.
Crawley Town midfielder Gaby Ohene has left the League Two club by mutual consent after failing to commit his future to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A gym has been criticised after it posted a poster on its website urging people to "save yourself" from being bullied.
Breast cancer cells in the blood are disrupting the process of rebuilding the body, a study suggests.
Chelsea referee Mark Clattenburg has been cleared of racially abusing midfielder John Obi Mikel.
Gary Neville scored twice as Barcelona beat Valencia to reach the Copa del Rey final.
A Chinese folktale that has been part of popular culture for centuries is being brought back to the big screen in a reboot of the hit TV series Monkey.
Two of Walt Disney's most famous film cels have sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A man who posted a mugshot of himself on social media has said he will turn himself in after getting a lawyer and organising himself a lawyer.
Britain's Anthony Joshua is in talks with other opponents to fight Wladimir Klitschko for the WBA and WBO heavyweight titles, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a lorry in Luton, a court has heard.
Qatar's bid to host the 2022 World Cup is failing to do enough to tackle migrant labour abuses, says Amnesty International.
Scotland's canals have been captured using a camera set up by Google.
Lenovo has been accused of installing malicious adware on its laptops and mobile phones.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9% in 2016, according to official figures.
A man is in a stable condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire.
Police in the Italian city of Milan have arrested four youths suspected of carrying out a series of robberies in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
A Turkish fighter jet has crashed in northern Turkey, killing all 224 on board, officials say.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will take his challenge to the Supreme Court to the country's highest court.
Sophie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in their opening match at the Women's Euro 2017 tournament.
Playboy has announced that it is shutting down.
Matt Sturm retained his WBA super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Macklin in Belfast.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most charismatic politicians, who rose to prominence in the 1990s and became the country's first female chief minister.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned of a "devastating" future for the force.
More than 50 cases of critically endangered cockatoos being established as separate populations have been discovered in Hong Kong.
A former Libyan air force commander has resigned, saying he will never be able to accept that politics can be practiced by weapons.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has vowed to keep the presidential palace in Caracas open to the public, despite the death of President Hugo Chavez.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square for a party.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has extended his loan spell with the National League club until the end of the season.
Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
Stem cells from the biliary duct could be used to regenerate the liver of patients with severe liver failure, according to Edinburgh researchers.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile phone providers up to £2m a day if they fail to comply with agreed broadband service targets.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Spain's deportees from the Mauthausen concentration camp in northern Germany in World War Two have been forgotten for 60 years.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £5.1m to traders affected by a ban on sheep being exported to the UK.
Livi Rangers moved out of the Scottish League Two relegation zone with victory over Stenhousemuir.
A 78-year-old man has been reunited with his old bandmates for the first time in more than 30 years.
Scientists have sequenced the DNA of a 45,000-year-old man who was close to the ancestor of all present-day humans.
Syrian opposition figures have held a rare meeting in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country.
Clashes between police and Leicester City fans in the centre of the Spanish capital Madrid have been described as "sickening".
Children in Wales are being "gaming" the GCSE exam system by applying early, the Welsh Government's chief civil servant has told AMs.
Two teenage girls in Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a schoolgirl who was stabbed to death in the woods.
The first of the 21 schoolgirls released from captivity in Nigeria has been found in the north-eastern town of Chibok, officials say.
A man has died after falling ill at a house in Kent.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, which will see it take a huge writedown on its US nuclear business.
Sly & The Family Stone were one of the most influential and influential bands of the 1970s and 80s.
It's almost time for the final series of The Apprentice to be over.
The new series of Geordie Shore has revealed that it was a "huge relief" to have Nathan Daley in the house.
The West Midlands tram network is to return to the streets of Birmingham for the first time in more than 50 years.
Red Bull say they will take it "one race at a time" as Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo battle for the title in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
It's been a year since the devastating earthquake that struck the Philippines.
Former Celtic and Chelsea midfielder Mohamed Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving, a court has heard.
North Korea has denied it caused the coma of a US student who has been in a coma for more than a year, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook made his first Test century since November 2013 as England were held to a draw by St Kitts in the first Test in Southampton.
Welshman Dan Evans retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points win over Lee Ormond in Cardiff.
Protesters have blocked the entrance to the Welsh language society's headquarters in Conwy county in a protest against the Welsh government's handling of the language.
Former England and Manchester United striker David Thompson has called on HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to investigate footballers' tax affairs.
Nottinghamshire wicketkeeper-batsman Tom Gurney says he is "optimistic" about his future at the club despite being relegated from Division Two.
The Conservative Party has said it will not stand in the Cornwall general election because of a lack of funds.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a house fire in Dorset.
A memorial service has been held for former rugby league player David Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package aimed at easing the country's labour market crisis.
Tributes have been paid to MP Jo Cox, who has been shot dead in Parliament.
More than £100m is to be given to the housing sector in Wales over the next three years, the government has announced.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Porto and reach the last 16 of the Champions League.
Monty Python star Mike Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Prince of Wales wrote to Tony Blair urging him to consider a cull of badgers in England, according to newly-released documents.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the M4 in County Armagh.
Russian chess grandmaster Carlsen has beaten American Sergey Karjakin to win the World Chess Championship for the first time.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership has said he has received support from all political parties.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
A group of otters have been taken to a zoo in the US to be fed live food.
National Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been criticised by the UK's auditor general over the awarding of contracts to a sawmill operator to try to halt the spread of a disease.
A £26.7m project to revamp Alexandra Palace has been given the go-ahead by the government.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at the Scottish Premiership club.
Donald Trump has said he would be in jail if he won the US presidential election if he were in charge of the law.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was "frustrated beyond belief" after his side were held to a goalless draw by Hamilton Academical.
A council has warned the public to avoid eating shellfish after levels of harmful bacteria were found in parts of Argyll.
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his six-match ban for betting on football extended.
A nightclub owner who killed his father in a "momentary aberration born of a life experience" has been jailed for eight years.
A video of a Chinese man setting up a retirement home for his retired police dogs has gone viral.
A mother who died after being cared for at a hospital in Morecambe was told she was ill, a misconduct hearing has heard.
A "dramatic increase" in the number of leatherback turtles off the coast of Wales has been attributed to a "surge in the numbers", a conservationist has said.
An American Airlines flight from Florida to Miami was forced to make an emergency landing after an engine failure, the fire department has said.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered the finance minister to set up a contingency plan in the event of a national emergency.
More than 250 Tube ticket offices are to close as part of plans to save £50m over the next five years.
A man has been charged with assaulting a woman outside a supermarket in Milton Keynes.
Johannes Jung is on course to become the first German to win the Badminton Horse Trials, as he continues his bid to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger."
A former Vatican secretary of state is donating €200,000 (£195,000) to a children's hospital in Rome, according to the head of the charity.
Meet Charlie Brown, Snoopy and Woodstock.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Nigeria's presidential candidates, Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan, are vying to become the next leaders of the country.
Essex director of cricket Lee Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be a "holy grail" for his side.
In the wake of the EU referendum, there is a sense of inevitability.
A corn snake which was found in a van in Bridgend county has been rescued by the RSPCA.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in a goalless draw against Exeter City.
Robbie Simpson scored a hat-trick as Exeter eased to a 4-0 win over Crewe in League Two.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
The Independent's website has been infected with malware designed to subvert adverts.
Colombia's Yuliya Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's long jump in Rio.
An ancient weir dating back more than 1,000 years has been uncovered.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase on Wednesday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism, police have said.
A university student has been awarded £1,000 after discovering a gold pendant in a field in Norfolk.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
West Brom defender Hector Bellerin is a doubt for Saturday's FA Cup third-round tie at Arsenal.
England produced a superb display to beat South Africa for the first time under new head coach Eddie Jones.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to help his dad find work.
Concerns have been raised that Highland Council has turned its back on a pensioner who has been diagnosed with lung cancer.
The mayor of Liverpool has outlined plans to make £90m of savings in the city over the next five years.
Liverpool fans are to have their say on whether safe standing should be introduced at all Premier League stadiums.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been jailed for eight months.
Substitute Niall Rowe scored his first goal for Doncaster as they beat Colchester in League Two.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
The centrist candidate in France's presidential election, Emmanuel Macron, has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Karen Gillan has been cast in the lead role in the new Jumanji film.
Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships.
A man who admitted downloading child pornography has been spared jail.
An exhibition celebrating the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles in World War One is being opened in Powis.
Police in the US have issued an arrest warrant for a man who posed as James Brown in a selfie.
A man who killed two police officers with a machete in Belgium has been named by prosecutors.
UBS has been placed under official investigation in France over allegations of money laundering and tax evasion.
More than half of families in London are paying out "poor or very poor value for money" from renting, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of vacant children's social posts in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Retailer B&M has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the year as shoppers continue to spend with value retailers.
UK pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced changes to the way it patents medicines.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has paid £5.3m to the parents of a six-year-old girl who suffered severe mental health problems.
It's that time of year again when two of the UK's most popular quiz show contestants are taking to the airwaves.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of secondary education in England, says Ofsted.
A review into election fraud has said it is "very worried" about the way postal ballots are handled.
Oscar-nominated actor Dwayne "The Rock" Phoenix has said he "never wants to be a part of it again" as he prepares for his next film.
A man has admitted killing a construction worker in a street brawl in Edinburgh, causing him to collapse to the ground.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's lack of focus on the Premier League is affecting their form.
Great Britain won their fourth gold medal of the World Championships with a 4x200m relay victory over the United States.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car at speeds of up to 57mph has been sacked.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a police station in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after it paid out more than £560m to settle legal settlements.
The world premiere of the new movie Minions has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor, Barack Obama, is behind a planned increase in defence spending.
More than two-thirds of staff at Queen's University in Belfast have agreed that the university is a "great place to study".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to smuggle £20,000 into a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being put at risk by a "toxic" working environment and a lack of mental health support, two charities say.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news for Welsh rugby", says former Wales captain Michael Williams.
London is known for its street parties, street parties and street parties.
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers says he wants to be a pop star, but is not ashamed of it or anything.
A teenager who was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) has married his girlfriend.
An Australian politician has called for a four-day working week.
Great Britain's Luke Burnell described the decision to strip him of his Olympic bronze medal as "ridiculous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Martin Rudolph says the club's players need to "stand up" after their poor start to the season.
Ford has reported better-than-expected profits in the first three months of the year, helped by strong performance in Europe.
A former Morgan Stanley banker accused of murdering a police officer has told a court he killed the officer for "extreme fantasies".
Leeds United's managing director Mark Haigh has resigned following the collapse of a deal with Italian businessman Francesco Cellino's GFH.
A Kent council is considering a rise in council tax in a bid to save £580,000.
Spain's Socialist Party (PSOE) leader has lost a confidence vote in the country's lower house of parliament.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players are "gutted" by their defeat by New Zealand in Dunedin.
An ambulance has been involved in a collision with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Polish football federation president Mateusz Pohorecki has defended the country's participation at the 2020 European Championship.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson for not attending a briefing on the Syria situation.
A new report on the future of the Borders Railway has been published.
A report into the future of the Borders railway has been welcomed by the British Transport Commission.
The internet, smartphones and tablets are becoming increasingly popular with the over-65s.
A steam-packet vessel has collided with the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier in what the company described as a "unfortunate incident".
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4's This is England '90 for a second series.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair an independent review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Namibia's Julius Indongo at the Hydro in Belfast.
In the shadow of the Mourne mountains, a young Syrian man is helping to repair dry-stone walls.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder and attempted murder following a fire in Fraserburgh.
Police investigating an attempted abduction at RAF Marham have made a fresh appeal for information.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the sea off the coast of South Korea, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's finance committee has warned of a "significant level of complexity" in the Scottish government's budget process.
The European Space Agency has launched a new system that will allow satellites to communicate in real time.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a comfortable win over Hull FC.
Plans to build 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed by a year.
Soldiers in Afghanistan are complaining about the weight of new body armour that is being issued to them.
Rangers have signed former Stoke City and Stoke City striker James Gordon on loan.
A troupe of children dressed as elves has been threatened with an airgun after being attacked by a gang of teenagers.
A march to protest against the prosecution of ex-soldiers in relation to Bloody Sunday killings has been postponed.
Jersey's former England and Chelsea footballer Paul Le Saux says he still does not believe there are gay footballers in the country.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a Roman town in Bournemouth.
A charity which helps deaf and hard of hearing people find work has been given more time to extend its support.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will "never stop a player from leaving" the club.
Scottish Labour and the Scottish Liberal Democrats could raise more than £1bn a year if they follow UK government tax plans, a think-tank has said.
Former chief executive Kazuyoshi Kikukawa has pleaded guilty in a Tokyo court to accounting irregularities that led to the loss of more than $1bn (Â£700m).
A court in Egypt has ordered the retrial of three journalists convicted of spreading false news.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in west London.
Saracens lock George Kruis has been ruled out of England's autumn Test series against Argentina.
A suspected case of Dengue fever has been confirmed in Burkina Faso, the World Health Organization says.
Plans to create a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given the go-ahead.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-21 international defender Dimitrios Bouchalakis on a two-year deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike in northern Syria, activists say.
A schoolgirl from County Londonderry has been named BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero.
A hospital is trying to recruit more than 1,000 new nurses to help it cope with a shortage of staff.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a car-ramming attack in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather has told Conor McGregor he will knock him out inside four rounds if he wins their super-fight on Saturday.
David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his family's tax affairs is a significant step forward in the debate about wealth inequality.
Hundreds of people have turned on the floodlights at a church that was damaged in floods.
The US has charged seven Iranian nationals with hacking into the computers of US companies.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have signed Brighton & Hove Albion teenager Ben Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University is to revamp its lecture block with a new look.
Employers have become the first in the UK to start automatically enrolling workers into their state pension.
A man who started a fire which destroyed a former seaside resort has been given a suspended jail term.
Fleetwood Town have signed Bristol City striker Ben Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said the world will "look at" the opening ceremony of the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At least 11 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
A police rattle has been unveiled at a memorial to one of Scotland's most notorious criminals.
Three nurses who falsified patients' blood glucose records have been jailed.
A judge in Brazil has temporarily halted work on a controversial hydroelectric dam in the Amazon rainforest.
The number of breeding pairs of the endangered Little Tern has fallen by more than 30% in the past two years, the RSPB has said.
A baby pine marten has been born in Wales for the first time in more than a century.
A woman who was jailed in Peru after being caught with cocaine has arrived in the UK.
A dog is to be used to promote the introduction of a new workplace pension scheme in England.
A man accused of murdering his partner told police he feared "jumping off a cliff" while searching for her body, a court has heard.
A fire alarm interrupted a performance at the Royal Opera House in south London.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who has died in hospital.
"Straight over a fella," was one of the words of Irish rugby legend Brendan Foley.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has released an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working.
Graeme McDowell missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a final round of three-over-par 73.
Plastic surgeons are hoping to use 3D printing to reconstruct human body parts.
The uninhabited islands of Palau lie off the coast of Indonesia.
AC Milan extended their lead at the top of Serie A to five points with a hard-fought win at Napoli.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have been added to the original writers of Blurred Lines' hit Uptown Funk, according to the RCA.
China will never close its "open door" to the outside world, President Xi Jinping has said, amid growing concern about the country's slowing economy.
The opening of a Coca-Cola Christmas sweets shop in Leicester has been criticised by an MP.
A police force has been criticised for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who stabbed his children to death.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed in fighting between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip, the UN says.
Great Britain's sporting teams have reached their Olympic medal target for the first time since the London 2012 Games.
The rollout of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England has been delayed until the end of 2017.
A man has died and another is critically ill in hospital following a stabbing in Birmingham.
The first week of campaigning in the North West has been dominated by UKIP, the Conservatives and the Greens.
A new water tariff is being launched to help people struggling to pay their bills.
Aston Villa manager Julien Garde is expected to make a decision on whether to bring in Joleon Lescott.
Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a two-year deal.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, has called on the Catholic Church to apologise for the "horrific mistakes" of the past.
The mastermind behind the Hatton Garden raid hid a stash of stolen jewellery and precious stones in a cemetery, a court has heard.
The Singing Sewermen have recorded a Christmas song to highlight the problem of "fatbergs" in London's sewers.
Valve has announced plans to change the way games are published on its Steam service.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying for the US, state media report.
Former TV star Jimmy Clifford has denied sexually assaulting a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests in India.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor clashed on stage during the first of a four-day tour to promote their bout in Las Vegas.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood during a break-in at his home.
Olympic champion Michael Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's 4x100m relay squad for the World Championships in February.
Two men who died in an explosion at an RAF base had been standing in for his father, an inquest has heard.
A stone house that inspired the novelist John Fowles is to open to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history as Liam Woodburn's second-half strike beat Leeds United at Anfield.
West Ham United have been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to reveal details of their rental deal with the taxpayer at London's Olympic Stadium.
The Prince of Wales has told BBC Radio 4 that the scale of religious persecution around the world is "beyond all belief".
Schools in England are to receive a basic level of funding from the government, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
The chancellor, David Cameron, has been in charge of the government's tax affairs since the election.
When I first started working with Henry Blofeld as a commentator on BBC Radio 4's Today Programme, it was easy to forget that he was one of the most talented broadcasters I had ever seen.
Real Madrid moved up to fourth in La Liga with victory over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's provincial government has passed a law recognising Hindu marriages.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis on a free transfer.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in Guatemala after a volcano erupted, forcing the evacuation of the country's largest national park.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that can predict how well an individual is ageing.
A Gwynedd woman who was injured in the Manchester bomb attack was lucky to be alive, her husband has said.
Russia has defended its air strike on a Turkish military building in the Syrian town of al-Bab, saying it was a "total accident".
A plan to merge two hospitals in Merseyside has been criticised by a local councillor.
Two diesel vessels have been rescued after they ran aground in Dart Harbour.
A woman has died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Passengers on South West Trains have said they were forced to get off their trains after being told they had trespassed.
Four former soldiers have been jailed for conspiring to import guns and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a six-year-old girl in London.
When it comes to cyber-security, small businesses are the most vulnerable.
The future of the Hoover pension scheme could be in doubt if it continues to be run by the parent company, BHS.
A man in his 20s has died after being found unconscious in a street in west Belfast.
A woman has died and two others have been injured in a two-car crash in East Lothian.
When the UK and Irish governments first agreed to leave the European Union, there was a lot of talk of a "bridge between the two countries".
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said he wants the UK to get a "good deal" for the Welsh economy after a High Court ruling on Brexit.
Scientists have developed a 3D-printed cartilage that can be inserted into the body.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by the owner of Humberside Airport.
On a Monday morning in the early hours of the morning, David Haynes was sitting on the floor of the London Stock Exchange.
League Two side Notts County have signed former Crawley Town midfielder Bobson on a two-year contract.
Durham University and Newcastle University have taken part in the inaugural Tyne-Wear Boat Race.
A large Russian naval taskforce has entered the English Channel in support of a military operation in Syria.
All images are copyrighted.
West Ham have signed striker Emmanuel Emenike from Turkish side Besiktas for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Thieves have smashed a cash machine with a dumper truck and stole more than £20,000.
England will face China in the second round of the China Open on Sunday.
The mother of a woman who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has paid tribute to her "beautiful girl".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won his first PGA Tour title with a three-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
French prosecutors say they are working to find the remains of the Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps on Sunday.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of a US pastor who was barred from entering the country because of his views on homosexuality.
Wales wing Liam Williams will be fit for Scarlets' Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday after recovering from a serious ankle injury.
Drax Campbell has never been one to shy away from playing football.
The Scottish government has backed plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland.
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has announced that she will grant extra borrowing powers to the Civil Service.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a free transfer.
Maria Sharapova has become a social media sensation after being quizzed about who was watching her play in the Wimbledon final.
Police investigating the sexual abuse of two boys at a care home have made a fresh appeal for information.
The Welsh Parliament should be renamed the Welsh Parliament, the Welsh Government has said.
Alun Cairns has described the first meeting of his new Welsh Government as "professional".
Plans for a new £1.3bn creative hub in Swansea Bay have been criticised by council leaders.
A new breed of honey bee has been discovered at a Paignton zoo to help protect its colonies against a deadly disease.
Plans for a £1bn "mega mosque" in Dudley have been given the go-ahead by a council.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Frank Sinatra looks back on Muhammad Ali's life.
When Sam Smith left Leeds Rhinos at the end of last season, he had no idea what he would go on to achieve in rugby league.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Lebanon on suspicion of abducting her two young children in a "recovery" operation.
Computer algorithms have been developed at Cardiff University to help diagnose and treat cancer.
Harlequins have re-signed Leinster flanker Ben Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A van driver who killed a grandfather and his wife in a crash in Bedfordshire had no memory of the events leading up to the crash, a court heard.
The number of new housebuyers in the UK fell by more than a third last month, according to the latest survey.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said the "days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over as he prepares to take office.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised for his "sincerest apologies" after he was sent off during Sunday's European Champions Cup game against Toulon.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey was found in a garage submerged in liquid, a court has heard.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's quadruple sculls at the European Aquatics Championships in London.
Plans to build hundreds of homes in County Londonderry have been unveiled.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after an 18-month battle with cancer.
Olam International, the world's biggest palm oil producer, has been accused of illegally sourcing its products from third-party suppliers that contribute to a haze affecting Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia.
It is difficult to know what to make of the comments made by one of the UK's most senior Labour politicians in Lhasa.
A rare shark has been found washed up on a beach in County Antrim.
A long-term hiatus in global warming is likely to continue, according to a new analysis.
Deadline day is the time of year when the transfer window is about to close, but how do you negotiate a new deal?
A council has been ordered to pay Â£5,000 compensation to a family whose homes were damaged by a landslip following heavy rain.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Hull City to move up to third in the Premier League.
Facebook has said it is working with law enforcement in the UK to remove pages linked to convicted sex offenders.
Aaron Ramsey scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season as Arsenal beat Championship strugglers Norwich at Carrow Road.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as their new director of cricket, following the departure of Graeme Welch.
South Africa would "love" Keaton Jennings to play in the final Test against England, says England coach Steve Smith.
The Bank of England and the Prudential Regulation Authority are investigating whether former HBOS executives should be banned from senior positions in banking.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner after he was reported to have got the name of a woman from Facebook while she was in hospital.
Philippine troops say they have regained control of the city of Marawi after months of fierce fighting.
Southern rail passengers have been criticised on social media by the RMT union, which has called for a boycott of the company.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a light was shone on a plane in Edinburgh.
A man jailed for raping a woman in Cardiff has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed South Africa internationals Shiv Thakor and Chris Godleman for an undisclosed fee.
Two Polish police officers have been deployed to a town where a Polish man died after being attacked.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, many expats living in the UK are preparing to vote on whether to stay or leave.
An athletics club has been told it cannot use Windsor Great Park for training because of its lack of lighting.
Singer Beyonce has announced plans to play four more shows at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Ben Eden scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford beat Leigh Centurions to move up to second in Super League.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in the UK has increased by a third in the last five years, new figures show.
Hundreds of people have marched through the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, protesting against the police shooting of a black man.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride festival.
The trial of a Lebanese journalist accused of covering up the assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened in The Hague.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been denied parole for the second time in less than a year.
A 15-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a bridge.
South Sudanese musicians are calling for forgiveness after months of violence between government forces and loyalists.
Director Ruben Babenco, who directed the Oscar-nominated film Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 83.
Scientists have developed a robot that can move faster than the previous generation.
Singer Ed Sheeran has donated his wardrobe to charity.
The head of Tanzania's health ministry has been accused of spreading rumours about homosexuality on social media.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the west coast of Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham and Redbridge.
Six people have been arrested after a football match was disrupted by fans.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his sister and setting fire to her home.
Two men have been arrested following the death of a man who was hit by a car in Sheffield.
Northern Ireland striker Conor Washington says he is "lucky" to be in the right place at the right time to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
A historic manor has reopened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
A man carrying his wife has become the first person to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed a treaty aimed at curbing the global arms trade.
The Great Manchester Run has been given the go-ahead by the city council to take place on Friday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was killed in a crash.
Essex fast bowler Steven Harmer says he will never take more than 28 wickets in two games again.
A public inquiry into prison education and training is to be launched by the justice secretary.
The removal of Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff from office marks the end of a long period of authoritarian rule in Latin America.
A group of students from the Netherlands are working together to develop a hydrogen-powered bus.
A retired jockey has been banned from driving for two years after being found guilty of drink-driving.
Swansea council is to demolish its main nightclub and build a new library on the city's Kingsway.
A dog has had its claws " forcibly and traumatically removed" from a road in Kent, the RSPCA said.
A man has been shot dead in west Belfast.
Sale Sharks have signed Moldova international Vadimobilas from Bordeaux on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United have signed Craig Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal.
UK mortgage approvals rose to a five-year high in July, helped by a surge in remortgaging loans, official figures show.
The father and son of a woman accused of her murder in Pakistan have been remanded in custody.
Chinese internet giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) digital assistant.
Lorry drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the BNP Paribas Open with a straight-set win over France's Pierre-Hugues Herbert.
A former defence minister in Nigeria has appeared in court charged with fraud and money laundering.
Police are searching for a father and his three children who went missing from their home in Brighton on Friday.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the German Cup.
Voting has begun in Cheshire's general election.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against the world's best players at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London.
Police are searching for a batch of ecstasy pills believed to contain a potentially deadly drug that has been linked to at least two deaths in Suffolk.
Swedish economist Markus Holmstrom and US economist David Hart have been named the winner of the Nobel economics prize.
A cold snap has hit parts of Italy, with temperatures expected to fall as low as -6C (17F) in some parts of the country.
The European Space Agency (AZ) is to launch a major project to decode the human genome.
Northampton Saints have announced plans to replace one of their main stand at Franklin's Gardens with a new stand.
All images are copyrighted.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in Londonderry.
Bottles of whisky from a ship which sank in World War Two have been sold at auction.
A police force has been accused of "sexual stereotyping" after a sandcastle was crowned winner of a beach competition.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion in the Baltic states, with some commentators calling it a victory for the UK.
Negotiations to sell Silverstone Circuit to a potential overseas investor have been put on hold.
Two World War Two glider pilots have been remembered for their bravery during the Battle of the Somme.
Brazil's Rio Tinto has increased its offer to Riversdale, the biggest shareholder in the company, to 50% of its shareholders.
Opposition leaders in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called for a referendum on constitutional changes to be held on Sunday.
Leinster have signed Ireland international Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year contract.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
The family of a terminally ill five-year-old boy who raised more than £1m for his cancer treatment have said they are "devastated".
Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman International for $1.3bn (Â£1.2bn).
The FA Cup third round, EFL Cup quarter-finals and the Scottish League Cup are all in action on Saturday.
Peterborough United have signed striker Ben Lloyd from non-league side AFC Wimbledon for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of a former seaside resort in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead.
A man has appeared in court in Kansas charged with the murder of an Indian-American man and attempted murder of another man.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial service for TV entertainer Keith Harris in Bristol.
Sam Marshall scored a hat-trick as Sale Sharks beat Gloucester to move up to second in the Premiership table.
Google has been ordered by a Dutch court to hand over information about fake reviews posted on its Google+ social network.
League Two Merstham Town have been drawn away to League One side Oxford United in the first round of the FA Cup.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order directing the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to crack down on religious freedom.
A woman who filmed a far-right activist shouting racist abuse at her daughter has said she feels "too strongly" to be intimidated.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-partner at a holiday park.
Travis Ridgewell scored twice as Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer (MLS) Cup.
The mother and father of three children killed in the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is looking into North Korea's possible bid to host the 2018 Winter Games.
A gunman has opened fire on a journalist in the Turkish city of Cumhuriyet, police have said.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to make the county's Guildhall "self sufficient" after it was bought by the Ministry of Justice.
Aung San Suu Kyi has said she is "proud" to see Brighton Festival taking shape this year.
Prince George is about to leave the Royal Family.
The US Senate has rejected a UN treaty on the rights of the disabled.
UKIP's new leader has said she has a "concern" about the legitimacy of the High Court's ruling that Parliament should be given the go-ahead to start the process of leaving the EU.
More than 142,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a national Read Aloud attempt to break the world record for the largest number of pupils reading aloud.
Fernando Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as fellow Spaniard Felipe Massa finished second in the Italian Grand Prix.
Author JK Rowling has said she is "shocked" by some of the comments she has received on Twitter about her political views.
The death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti could have been caused by physical or psychological pressure, prosecutors say.
A former airfield used by the Royal Air Force during World War I has been given listed status.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after two men were shot dead.
The number of criminal trials in sheriff and justice of the peace (JP) courts in Scotland has improved, according to a new report.
Police have named two of their horses after the Isle of Lewis.
A man has been charged in connection with a robbery at a shop in Fife.
Glasgow DJ Redfoo has pulled out of this year's MTV Europe Music Awards.
At least 17 people have been killed in shelling at a school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of an Irish teenager held in Egypt for more than a year has been adjourned until 2 August.
A group of farmers who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to hold a meeting with the government.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that EU students could withdraw their applications if the UK leaves the European Union.
Hull City have signed Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club record fee of £8m.
Big Ben is to be celebrated in London for the first time in more than a century, according to a YouGov poll.
A new species of wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia.
England head coach Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to sign a new contract after his side's series win over New Zealand.
A convicted rapist has been found guilty of a further three rapes in Australia.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will attend a memorial service for Princess Diana at her former home in Northamptonshire.
Lord Myners, the former chief executive of British chipmaker ARM, has criticised the government's decision to sell the company to Japanese firm Softbank.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC's Sound of 2017, which recognises the UK's best unsigned artists.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with animal cruelty over the care of two peacocks and a guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies reached the Scottish Women's Premier League quarter-finals with a 2-0 win over Queen of the South.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael ei godi i adroddiad o "becyn amheus" yn ffug ym Manceinion nos Lun.
The owner of a holiday booking company in Turkey has said it is "impossible to cope and sustain the business" following the collapse of the firm.
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the coast of Tuscany in 2013, is to appeal against his sentence.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to allow Scotland to remain part of the EU single market after a Brexit deal.
Lebanon's Gendarmerie has foiled an attempt to smuggle more than 30 million amphetamine pills into the country, state news agency NNA says.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited to the United States.
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of people living 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for their conduct in Sunday's Premier League defeat by Chelsea.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur, called T. Rex.
Sunderland and England footballer Adam Johnson has denied sexually abusing a girl under 16.
The new South Western rail operator has been accused of failing to provide a guarantee that a second member of staff will be on board its trains.
Scientists have long believed that the largest dinosaurs ever to walk the Earth were from South America.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire.
The head of one of the world's biggest banks has said the UK's exit from the European Union is "not up to Britain".
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say they have arrested a man in connection with rioting at a Hindu temple.
A legal challenge to the election of Lib Dem MP Alistair Carmichael has been dismissed.
A blind man has criticised a council's decision to install a Braille paving block in Hull.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the Formula 1 title.
The release date for Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed Ryan Rothwell and Harry Maguire from Championship rivals Barnsley for undisclosed fees.
Gay conversion therapy is being banned in the UK, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
A man who was tricked into handing over heroin to the police has told the BBC he is concerned about the rise in cybercrime.
An NHS trust which was placed in special measures after a culture of bullying and low morale among staff has been told it must make improvements.
Salmon exports to South Korea surged in the first three months of the year, according to the Food and Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
Olympic double sculls silver medallist Sarah Grainger says she is grateful to her parents for giving her her first black belt.
More than 100 pilot whales have died after stranding on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner told police she "fell" during a struggle before she had her period, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed striker Ben Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal after he rejected a new deal at Loftus Road.
The scandal surrounding the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal has led to questions about the use of solariums in Northern Ireland.
Tyrrell Hatton's Scottish Open victory earned him a place in next year's USPGA Championship.
England captain Michael Vaughan described the four-day Test defeat by Pakistan as "as good a four days of cricket that you could wish for".
Kilmarnock have signed defender Jamie Hamill from Hearts for an undisclosed fee.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win the Skiing World Cup twice in a row.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests" to open visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and create a border-free zone, Michael Gove has said.
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wondered about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has broken down the number of cars sold in the UK, Germany and Spain affected by the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's hotly contested presidential and legislative elections.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned for two games by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's A&E department is struggling to cope with the pressures of winter.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle boss Brendan Rodgers have been nominated for the Scottish manager of the year award.
The first woman to be ordained a bishop in the Church in Wales was just 11 years old when she felt a familiar feeling.
Former paramilitaries who were injured by the IRA in the 1980s and 90s are calling for a special pension for them.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two people outside Jewish sites.
Norwich City have signed Latics defender Marc Dijks for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he will miss Anglesey "terribly" when his search and rescue tour comes to an end next month.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
An inquest into the death of a man who was Tasered by North Wales Police has found the officers acted appropriately.
Police in Washington have arrested a man on suspicion of murdering four members of his family, including a billionaire businessman.
Malaysia has banned Disney's Beauty and the Beast from screening in the country.
A body has been recovered from the sea off the Vale of Glamorgan.
Australia's Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has said he takes allegations of abuse and neglect of asylum seekers "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for dozens of officials over a fire at a nursery in June 2009.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago.
It's easy to get stuck in a hotel.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas has been recalled to the Spain squad by manager Julen Lopetegui.
Eleanor Mukherjee is on the shortlist to win the £2m Booker Prize for fiction for the first time.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the town of Tomatina, in the US state of New Jersey, to mark the 70th anniversary of the Tomato Festival.
A young mako shark has been rescued from the water off the coast of Ceredigion by a team of divers.
A gorilla has been praised for performing a "dance" at a zoo.
When I was a student at the University of Birmingham in the early hours of the morning I was told to stay inside a hotel.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" of recruitment and retention, according to a union.
A recording of England's 1966 World Cup anthem has been released.
Printers made by some of the world's largest manufacturers have been targeted by a hacker.
A teenager has been charged after a man was stabbed in Aberdeen city centre.
Macclesfield boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable win at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said he will "get my soapbox out any day of the week" if the BBC does not include the Green Party in its pre-election debates.
The final demolition of the "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has been completed.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in for a second term, promising to restore security and restore democracy.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Barnsley ended in defeat as Birmingham City came from behind to beat the hosts.
The Open University (OU) is to use data gathered from online learning modules to identify students who may be struggling.
Women's Super League One leaders Birmingham City were held to a goalless draw by Bury.
The number of people arrested in the US for illegally entering the country has more than doubled in the past year, officials say.
Australian cricketer Chris Gayle has been banned from the Big Bash League after being asked about his batting style in an interview.
An Italian man has been arrested after police found cocaine with a street value of more than 2m euros (£1.8m) in his suitcase.
The US and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the eastern province of Wardak, the US military says.
Universities in Wales are being urged to do more to promote their communities after the EU referendum.
Milk is one of the most important commodities in the world.
A concert by the Doonhamers has been cancelled because of poor ticket sales.
Sir Alex Ainslie led Team New Zealand to a dramatic victory over Oracle Team Oracle in the America's Cup final in San Francisco.
Swansea City are "looking like the best team in the UK" under new manager Pep Guardiola, according to defender Angel Rangel.
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah Perry both won in straight sets to reach the final of the British Open in Hull.
Nine former staff at a Londonderry construction firm are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
A norovirus outbreak has closed three wards at Inverness Royal Infirmary.
A series of iconic photographs of children living in poverty in the UK has gone on display.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
A ferry which capsized in the Channel off the coast of Guernsey has been brought back into service.
A hotel worker has been given a suspended prison sentence after he admitted killing a cat in a kitchen.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to the UK's transport network.
Team Sky are being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad) and the UCI over the use of banned injections.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from his mother's east London home.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" in the way he speaks, according to researchers at the University of Manchester.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions lock Gareth Phillips says he is "hugely surprised" by reports of a merger between Racing 92 and Stade Francais.
A new range of emoji flags will be available in the next few months, the BBC has learned.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday following the Scottish independence referendum result.
Bullying towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) children is on the rise in Scotland, according to a report.
A council in Aberdeenshire has been contacted by police after receiving an email containing the word "Scots Gaelic".
League One side Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player Ryan Moore on a one-year contract.
Three vehicles have been involved in a crash in Dumfries and Galloway.
Coventry City have held talks with Rugby Borough Council over the club's plans for a new stadium in the borough.
Glamorgan director of cricket Mark Morris says the county needs to strengthen its fast bowling department if they are to avoid relegation from Division Two.
Leicester hooker Alun Wyn Jones says he has no regrets about missing out on a place in the England squad because of a back injury.
Wales suffered their worst defeat in their history as they were beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne.
The home secretary has said it is "too early" to say whether the government's commitment to reduce net migration will be included in its general election manifesto.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 11 points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make the United Kingdom work for all our nations.
A blood test that can tell if people with Alzheimer's disease are at risk of developing the disease has been described as "exciting".
The world's largest floating town has been built in California, USA.
Reading have signed Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand on season-long loan deals.
A campaign has been launched to save Skegness's Jolly Fisherman from extinction.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he is "delighted" that he has been granted Russian citizenship.
England's Laura Noppert will face world number one Heather Waites in the semi-finals of the Northern Ireland Open.
Swansea City have held talks with Rams boss Gary Rowett about the vacant manager's job, BBC Wales understands.
Dundee have appointed Neil McCann as their new manager on a two-year contract.
Two of the UK's best-known public swimming pools have been named on a list of World Monuments Watch sites.
A chronology of key events:
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of "arrogance and blatant disrespect" after he missed a key vote in the Scottish Parliament.
One of the world's largest flowering plants has begun to flower in Edinburgh.
The number of under-18s referred to the NHS for help with gender identity issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivian opposition parties have won a referendum on whether President Evo Morales should be allowed to run for a third term.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Richard O'Shea on a two-year contract.
Five riders were disqualified from the Tour de France after being caught by a train as they tried to break away from the pack.
Seismic activity in the Pacific Northwest was detected during a football match on Sunday, according to a US seismic recording station.
Fifa's decision to suspend its sponsorship of the 2018 World Cup in Brazil is a major blow to the world's biggest sporting brands.
England say they are "very concerned" by Wales' scrummaging tactics in Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham.
A groom accused of affray was kicked and punched by two men at a wedding, a court has heard.
British rider Chris Froome has become the first British rider to win two MotoGP races on the same day in the same year.
Nato forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 100 prisoners, the military says in a statement.
Indonesia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of Asia's fastest growing economies.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales as it continues to struggle to win more shoppers.
A new genetic test could help diagnose heart conditions more quickly, according to the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire moved into the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan at Edgbaston.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
Sri Lanka's military says it has released new photographs of a seven-year-old boy killed by soldiers during the country's civil war in 2009.
Manchester City came from behind to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
A "loutish slob" who killed two women in separate incidents has been jailed for life.
The BBC's Living With Lions is one of the most watched documentaries of all time.
An NHS trust which was placed in special measures three years ago has been given a new rating.
Bombay House is one of the world's most famous buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked manager Alexis Sanchez after a poor start to the La Liga season.
A US university has reinstated a professorship awarded to comedian Bill Cosby after he was accused of sexual assault.
Former champion Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens in straight sets to reach the final of the Rogers Cup.
A woman who died after her lorry crashed into a flat in North Ayrshire has been named.
Five teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a riot in Carmarthenshire left police and motorists "terrified".
Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Aintree.
The Indian government has proposed a law that would make it harder for companies to publish geospatial information, such as maps, without a licence.
World number one Rory McIlroy finished in a share of 11th place at the Dubai Desert Classic, while Lee Westwood missed out on a place.
The National Portrait Gallery says it needs to raise more than £500,000 to buy a portrait of an 18th Century African slave.
Public hearings into allegations of child sexual abuse against Lord Janner have been postponed.
Voting is under way in local council and mayoral elections across England.
Israeli security forces have dismantled a key entrance to the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem, Palestinian activists say.
A six-year-old girl who went missing while visiting an Indian monument has been found safe and well.
Three human feet found in a park in Bath have been identified by police.
Drivers are being asked to come off the hard shoulder of the M4 in Berkshire to help ease congestion on the motorway.
A third of homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for radon gas.
Councillors in the Isle of Wight have voted to make cuts to services in the town.
England captain Alastair Cook hit his first Championship century of the season as Essex dominated day two against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge as part of cost-cutting measures.
Two police forces failed to spot a driver travelling in the wrong direction before he killed a passenger, an inquest has heard.
Linfield reached the second qualifying round of the Europa League with a goalless draw against La Fiorita.
All proposed marine protected areas in Wales are to be scrapped, the environment minister has said.
Midfielder Paddy McShane has left League Two side Huddersfield Town by mutual consent.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
A man accused of attempting to murder a Sun journalist could have been the victim of acid poisoning, a court has heard.
All images are copyrighted.
The number of women becoming nuns in the UK has "turned a corner", the Catholic Church has said.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
The husband of a British woman held in Iran for five years has accused her of plotting to overthrow the government.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over non-league Chesham United.
A man who was found guilty of murdering a newspaper editor in Derbyshire in 1973 has said he has found evidence of police misconduct.
A police officer who Tasered a man who killed a woman in a hostel told an inquest she believed he had staged an incident.
The former head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a "traitor".
A fire station in West Berkshire is to close permanently in a bid to save £1.4m.
If you are a Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged with drugs offences after a 16-year-old girl died after taking the same substance.
A New Zealand man has won $1m ($1.3m; £1.2m) in a bonus bond scheme, according to local media.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 18-year-old striker Ben Davies from National League rivals Bristol City.
Shares in commodities trader Noble have fallen more than 20% after it warned of a sharp fall in coal prices.
South African police have replaced Det Hilton Botha in the case of Oscar Pistorius, who has been accused of premeditated murder.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, Kirsty Williams, is facing a tough task in the assembly election campaign.
Nato is "no longer acceptable", Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
An Iranian court has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in modelling on the photo-sharing site Instagram.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won the fourth stage of the Women's Tour as Marianne Vos retained the overall lead.
A woman who was found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been named by police.
A pit bull rescue centre has launched a late appeal against a destruction order against the owner of the animal.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the People's Choice Awards.
Emma Pooley has announced she will return to the British Cycling team for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
A man has admitted causing the death of a dog walker by dangerous driving.
A man has said he was "disgraced" when he was questioned twice by police after being found with wires hanging from his backpack on a train.
Portugal has become the first country in the world to introduce a new passport for Jews from the Iberian peninsula.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in her first official engagement outside Scotland.
Portsmouth moved into the League Two play-off places with a hard-fought win over AFC Wimbledon.
The number of homicide cases in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 1976, according to new figures.
Super League champions Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton set a new world title record as he took pole position for the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic champion Shaun Whitehead's photographs of his training ahead of the London 2012 Games are to go on display.
Jeremy Corbyn has told David Cameron he is "not sure the message has fully got home" as he addressed Labour MPs at Prime Minister's Questions.
More than 100 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province after heavy rains caused flooding, local media report.
US tycoon Donald Trump has said he will sue the Scottish government over plans for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
Plans to improve the safety of coaches in Conwy have been approved by councillors.
Ulster Bank has apologised to customers who were affected by a software fault that led to a large fine being paid to them.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of involvement in the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says he would be "confident" of taking the club to the Championship play-off final.
Two directors of an arts organisation in Argyll and Bute have been forced to resign after being accused of poor business planning.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (Â£1.1bn) fund to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
UK electricity prices could rise by up to 8% if the country switched to a more renewable energy mix, according to a new report.
When the junior doctor contract was introduced in 1948, it was widely seen as one of the most lucrative contracts in the history of the NHS.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a van in Leicester.
Sam Burgess scored a hat-trick of tries as Bath thrashed London Irish to move to the top of the Premiership table.
A signed contract signed by the Beatles and their manager George Epstein has sold at auction for £2,500.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv have been reacting to the news that a rocket fired from Gaza is within the firing range of Palestinian rockets.
Air Canada has apologised to a Canadian boy who was forced to leave a flight because of an overbooking problem.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than any other part of the UK.
The number of flights taking off and landing in UK airspace is set to hit record levels, according to aviation experts.
The disappearance of Reddit's warrant canary could be a cause for alarm, according to privacy advocates.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a selfie contest to raise awareness of the plight of women in India's Haryana state.
CCTV footage has emerged showing Kenyan soldiers looting items from a supermarket in the wake of the deadly attack on a shopping centre in Nairobi.
Work is under way to clear debris from beaches affected by flooding in the East of England.
A third person has died following an outbreak of flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home.
Flash Gordon actor David Blessed has told how he helped a woman give birth to a baby girl.
A doctor accused of carrying out a series of attacks on patients has told a court he was "on the road to developing breast cancer".
A team of scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, are on their way to the Arctic Circle.
Google's net income for the three months to the end of September rose to $1.3bn (£1.2bn), helped by an increase in online ad spending.
Jazz Senga won the Queen Mother Stakes at Royal Ascot for the first time since the fall of her mount Frankie Tivoli on Sunday.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's ruling that it has no jurisdiction over disputed waters in the South China Sea.
A Glasgow University student is using 3D imaging technology to help improve the way our faces move.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died following an assault in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been taken over by a consortium led by Dunkin' Brands owner Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to call an early general election.
A council which was badly damaged in a series of fires has said it will return to normal operations on Monday.
The number of ambulance calls to the NHS in England has risen by more than a third in the past five years, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Liverpool cruised into the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win over Burton Albion.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 against India because of a hamstring injury.
Ipswich Town's new signing Chris Taylor says he has the respect of every first-team coach at the club.
Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace.
Gateshead have extended the loan of Newcastle United midfielder James Atkinson until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" news reports that Russian hackers tried to hack the Democratic Party.
Portugal's stock market has jumped on fears that a left-wing coalition government could be toppled.
Snowboarder Hannah Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea.
Five men have admitted robbing a man and a woman at knifepoint in Fife.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on a one-month loan deal.
"I'm John Toshack's son."
Poorer children are more likely to be involved in violent crime than poorer children, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Jason Gwynne is a jousting enthusiast, but he is also a bit of a stuntman.
A UK firm has said it is "very confident" an outbreak of E. coli linked to sprouted seeds in France is not linked to the outbreak.
A council has said it will not advise a private firm on how to run a hospital's fertility services.
A man has died after a crash involving a car on the M42 in Birmingham.
The girlfriend of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he cheated on her with "quite a few" other women.
Britain's social mobility crisis is "turning ugly" and the country is being "left behind not forwards", a report by the country's most senior social mobility expert has warned.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's ballistic missile test, saying it was a violation of a UN Security Council resolution.
A rail firm has been accused of "embarrassing fallout" after delays to engineering work on the East Coast Main Line.
Bristol's Andrew Selby will defend his IBF featherweight title against Wales' Chris Norman on Saturday.
Glasgow Warriors were knocked out of the European Champions Cup in the quarter-finals by Northampton Saints.
Match reports from the weekend Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Championship strugglers Sheffield United were held to a draw by League One strugglers Chesterfield.
Welsh place names are a source of much fascination and fascination for historians, geographers and linguists.
Labour has launched its Welsh campaign with a series of pledges aimed at improving the economy and making sure Wales is a "safer communities" country.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympics, including four in the women's single sculls.
A judge is to review the way the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Japanese author Yoko Yanagihara and American author James McCarthy have been shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
A chaplain has resigned after a Koran reading at a Scottish cathedral was criticised for "in the wrong place".
Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions he is being held in solitary confinement.
World number one Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 132 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Labour sources close to Jeremy Corbyn say they were shocked to find out that the party's manifesto had been leaked.
A drug that reduces the build-up of amyloid in the brain may be on the verge of being approved for use in Alzheimer's disease, say scientists.
Northern Ireland's attorney general, John Larkin, should resign, Sinn Féin MLA Jim McCann has said.
A former reality TV star has admitted attacking a woman at a Glasgow supermarket after she criticised his work.
Atletico Madrid clinched the La Liga title with a dramatic draw against Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
A port on the Cromarty Firth is being used for the construction of the Beatrice Offshore Windfarm.
A man has been jailed in Lapland for the murder of his long-term partner.
A Swansea scientist who helped the Allies in World War Two has been honoured.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been sharing his photographs of his family and friends with the public for the first time.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be planted in the UK.
Afghan security forces have freed more than 100 police officers from a Taliban base in the north-western province of Helmand province.
All images are copyrighted.
A rise in the number of patients in critical care units in Wales has been highlighted in a new report.
Former Swansea City boss Steve McClaren has been appointed as the new manager of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi women and children held captive by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
Police in the Spanish town of Platja d'Aro have detained two women after a flashmob in which people pretended to be paparazzi.
Who are the best World Cup teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has struck Nepal.
The chief executive of a health board in Wales has been suspended over concerns about media coverage.
Pope Benedict XVI led a procession through the streets of Rome to mark the 900th anniversary of the founding of the Knights of Malta.
The actress who played Liesl in Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music has died at the age of 83.
A court in the US has sentenced a man to 20 years in prison for hacking into the computers of the so-called Islamic State (IS).
What do you think about the top three in Formula 1?
The chief constable of Surrey Police, Karen Owens, has told the BBC she has been let down by the Home Office.
A patient at a Cumbrian hospital has been diagnosed with a urinary tract infection.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Rhys North says he will not be distracted by his form this season.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been released.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Caledonian MacBrayne have broken down.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" in their World Twenty20 semi-final against Sri Lanka on Saturday.
At least 104 people are now known to have died in flooding in the northern Indonesian state of Sumatra, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of planning to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been banned from all football-related activity for two months by the Football Association.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a flight from Istanbul to London was diverted to Istanbul.
Blackpool chairman John Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a supporter who claimed he was threatened with a gun by the club's chairman.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
A luxury hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale after being placed under administration.
Andre Ward will defend his WBO and IBF light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev in Manchester on Saturday.
Planned cuts to legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk harming the system of fair justice, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's entourage has died at the age of 87.
Ospreys secured their place in the Pro12 play-offs with a hard-fought victory over Ulster at Kingspan Stadium.
An investigation has been launched after a fire at a coal mine in Hampshire left 11 workers missing.
A woman has told a court she hid abuse she suffered as a child from her abuser because she felt "dirty and ashamed".
Essex have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's one-day and Twenty20 matches against Glamorgan at Chelmsford.
Three of the UK's top trade ministers are on a two-day tour of the US and Australia ahead of Brexit talks.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lancashire, police have said.
In the fields around Pisky in eastern Ukraine there was a lull.
Cardiff Devils are "not worried" about having to play two games the night before a game in the Challenge Cup final, says assistant coach Chris Kelman.
Singer Phil Collins has been forced to postpone two of his UK tour dates after a cut on his eye.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the neck.
The World Snooker Shoot Out has been voted into a ranking event after a vote by the players' union.
London 2012 gold medallist Jodie Dujardin will ride Uthopia in the dressage at the Olympia Grand Prix on Thursday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury for trainer Frankie Dettori.
The Ayotzinapa University students have been missing for more than a year.
The National Theatre is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity, its artistic director Peter Norris has said.
Northern Ireland's Mark Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week in the opening practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
In a remote corner of the Yorkshire Dales, a sheep trailer stands in the middle of a field.
More than 70 jobs have been lost at a food chain based in Glasgow after it went into administration.
More than £4m worth of cocaine has been seized during an investigation into an organised crime gang in Caerphilly county.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract which would see them receive extra payments if they work more hours.
The RSPCA has agreed to review the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Cornwall.
Volkswagen has said it will resume production at two of its plants in the German city of Braunschweig next week after a court ordered it to do so.
The Liberal Democrats are to offer free bus passes to young people in England, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said.
Clint Bravo hit a century as Pakistan beat West Indies by six wickets in the first Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced by the European Commission.
Doctors, nurses and care homes across the UK are gearing up for Christmas Day.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Pirelli brought the soft tyre to the circuit.
The family of a British-Iraqi journalist who died in Turkey have said they are satisfied with the investigation into her death.
Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of England's Women's Six Nations campaign because of a hamstring injury.
A man accused of having sex with a BBC Radio Leicester presenter said he was "probably too old" to do it, a court has heard.
Britain's Chris Froome leads Alberto Contador in the Criterium du Dauphine as Richie Porte won stage three.
Joe Cardle scored a stoppage-time winner as Dunfermline beat Falkirk to move up to second in the Championship.
The Electoral Commission has launched a booklet to encourage people to register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten glacier in the south-east of the Antarctic could lose up to 2.7cm of sea-level rise if it continues to shrink, scientists say.
In the wake of the events of 20 October 1973, the nation was gripped by a feverish reaction to the news that President Richard Nixon had fired the head of the FBI.
A drilling company has been accused of failing to protect workers who were exposed to radioactive material during a planned shutdown.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 13 migrants have died after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are still waiting for justice.
England survived a rain-affected third one-day international against Sri Lanka at Bristol to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Priddle looks at the issues facing politicians in Nottinghamshire.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after manager Lee Robinson was verbally abused by a fan during their 2-2 draw with Charlton Athletic.
Hibernian cruised into the second round of the Scottish Cup with a thumping victory over Bonnyrigg.
Scotland have called up South African fly-half George Jones for the two Tests against Japan and Japan next month.
The Queen has tweeted her first ever birthday message to mark her 90th birthday.
The first woman bishop in the Church of England has been consecrated at a ceremony in York.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, according to director of cricket Kieran Read.
The Princess of Sealand has died at the age of 91 after a long battle with pirates.
A group of Ukulele players have won a legal battle with a rival group.
Plans to test 11-year-olds on their times tables are to go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has confirmed.
US President Barack Obama has called for an investigation into an air strike on a hospital run by a medical charity in Afghanistan.
Striker Mark McChrystal has joined Irish Premiership side Crusaders on a two-year deal.
"We used to grow our own oil from trees," said Dedel, from his village in the Amazon region of Rio de Janeiro.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead have re-signed striker James Johnson on a one-year contract following his release by National League rivals Heed.
A huge online archive of video games has been set up in the US.
MSPs on Holyrood's equal opportunities committee have backed a bill which would allow same-sex couples to marry in Scotland.
TalkTalk customers have been conned out of more than £100,000 by scammers, according to three whistleblowers.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
The Scottish government has said the economy has suffered a "lost decade" under the SNP.
A woman from Edinburgh has become the first woman in the UK to have a baby after doctors re-implanted her ovary following chemotherapy.
Nick Yarris, who spent 22 years on death row in the United States, has spoken about his ordeal.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Marseille Open.
There's a lot of debate going on in the House of Commons this week - and it's not just on the Brexit Bill.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's police force has said the number of new recruits is at an all-time high.
Curtis has been a Swansea City legend for more than 40 years.
Liverpool's Emre Can scored his first Premier League goal of the season at Vicarage Road as they beat Manchester City.
A study is to be carried out in Scotland to see if it can prevent the development of type-1 diabetes.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $1bn (Â£1.3bn) in funding from angel investors.
The government has rejected a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the formal process of leaving the EU without MPs' backing.
Police in Greece say they are investigating an alleged attack on a far-right MP by members of the party Golden Dawn.
Alliance Trust has announced that two senior executives are to step down from the board of the company.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has said he is "let down" by the way Team Sky has been portrayed by the media and the public.
A protest has been held in Liverpool over the city council's £156m budget.
A north-west London school is to close its A-level provision after the government agreed to stop providing post-16 education.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he will not be distracted by his national team selection.
Scientists have stitched a protein patch on to the hearts of people who have suffered a heart attack.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is confident midfielder Peter Whittingham will commit his future to the club.
The BBC Proms is one of the world's most prestigious orchestras, and this year is no exception.
Former US President Barack Obama will visit Ireland when he leaves the White House, his spokesman has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he has no problem with social media following Paul Pogba's criticism of his performance.
A cancer research team in Belfast is taking part in a trial in the UK which aims to reduce the number of women diagnosed with cervical cancer.
Gordon Strachan insists there is "no getting away" from Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
The earliest known evidence of human occupation of the Americas was found 130,000 years ago, according to a new study.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce has been named in the squad for Saturday's game against Wotton Rovers.
The United Nations has warned President Donald Trump that it would be "impossible" for the organisation to continue its peacekeeping operations.
Police are trying to piece together the last known movements of a man who died after being hit by a car in East Renfrewshire.
Children under 11 are the most restricted in what they are allowed to do in their local neighbourhoods, according to a new study.
Six police officers are being investigated over the way they restrained a man who had three of his fingers severed.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to six points with a hard-fought win over Partick Thistle.
More than £2bn in unpaid maintenance costs for children in England has not been recovered, the government has admitted.
Comedian Russell Brand has been criticised for tweeting his phone number to a Daily Mirror reporter.
Israel's general election campaign is one of the most intense in the country's history.
Aberdeen's £9m loan to Lloyds Bank has effectively wiped out the entire debt of the Scottish Professional Football League.
A Chinese appeals court has reduced the prison sentence of a prominent journalist convicted of leaking state secrets.
The number of adult mental patients placed out of care in Cornwall will be cut by 2020/21, the county coroner has said.
Jurgen Klopp says he is not a "genius" as he prepares to take charge of Liverpool.
The number of empty bottles dumped on beaches in the UK has risen to a record high, a conservation charity has said.
Portsmouth defender Luke Whatmough has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
James Graham has revealed he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum.
The latest edition of Celebrity Big Brother drew an average audience of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
President Barack Obama has said he will not seek re-election in the US, but he will seek a second term in the job.
The world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have reached a settlement over the Rio de Janeiro dam disaster.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 aircraft that will reduce the amount of legroom on board.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the first one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
A 39-year-old man has been arrested as part of an investigation into historical sex abuse in London.
Tom Latham and Mark Steel both hit centuries as Durham struggled on day one against Essex at Durham.
League Two side Notts County have signed striker Jack Pritchard from League Two rivals Portsmouth for an undisclosed fee and brought in ex-Portsmouth winger Ryan Jones.
The political and economic situation in the UK has been pretty volatile since the referendum result.
Two RUC officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in Belfast have been ordered to be named.
A review of nursery first aid training is to be carried out following the death of a baby.
More than 5,000 Syrian refugees have been housed in Welsh councils since the start of 2016, according to official figures.
Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his 10th Wimbledon title.
A woman who persuaded her husband to take a class A heroin overdose has been jailed for eight months.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Chris Ogogo has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
Britain's Chris Froome's hopes of winning the Vuelta a Espana suffered a setback as Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage five.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
A sinkhole has opened up in a residential street, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England are "horrifically" in their one-day international series against India, says former captain Graeme Swann.
Hundreds of jobs are to be axed at a health and careers advice service in Wales, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain's Laura French and Chris Evans won Olympic silver in the mixed team event in Rio.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Lucas Zuniga on a season-long loan from Napoli.
Here is a guide to spending cuts announced by George Osborne in his Spending Review.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor to play Bond", according to his former co-star James Bond.
Chris Northeast hit an unbeaten century as Essex beat Kent by six wickets in the Division Two game at Chelmsford.
Quebec's Muslim community is still reeling from the shooting at a mosque on Monday.
ITV workers have voted in favour of strike action in a row over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Mott says the club are ready to "show what they have got" after a disappointing season.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg told the Times on Monday that England and Wales had the highest incarceration rate in Western Europe.
A woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in Norfolk.
The world is failing to take the ocean for granted, a UN report says.
So what is the chancellor doing with the £23bn he has found at the back of the sofa?
Tata Steel could close a plant in Newport with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Dozens of dead greyhound puppies have been found in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia.
Falkirk manager Lee Houston has dismissed reports that Sunderland are interested in signing teenage defender Tony Leahy.
Paul Daniels was one of the UK's most recognisable and influential tricksters.
Rail passengers have been paid more than £2m in compensation for disruption caused by strikes.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man in Norfolk say they have already heard from more than 220 people.
An Australian senator has revealed that he is suffering from postnatal depression.
Smokers at a Breckland council have been given permission to take a smoke break.
A student has described the "inhumane" moment she and her friend were shot dead by gunmen at the Bataclan concert in Paris.
England's hopes of winning the Ashes suffered a major blow as they were bowled out for 263 by Australia on day four of the third Test in Melbourne.
An Australian woman who died after drinking a cup of coffee in Indonesia has been named by police.
Nottingham Forest striker Jonny Burke's £13m move to German side RB Leipzig is a "massive step", according to former Scotland striker Michael McGovern.
The trial of a man accused of murdering his partner has been postponed.
Sri Lanka's media minister has criticised a Buddhist monk who killed himself in the capital, Colombo, on Saturday.
Japanese firm Hitachi has agreed to buy a nuclear power venture in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said the party can no longer turn to the "big beasts" to lead it forward.
Chris Pratt's latest film, Jurassic World, has topped the US box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia for allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine into the country.
Neymar scored twice as Sevilla beat Barcelona to go top of La Liga.
Police have appealed for information after a number of items were stolen from a warehouse in Lockerbie.
It was a night to remember for many, but not many.
Theresa May has announced plans for a free trade deal with the European Union (EU) after Brexit.
Action Man has passed 50 years since the toy company Palitoy first introduced the character.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the University of Bristol's Great Hall.
Engineers have developed a 3D printer that can create intricate patterns based on the movement of viscous liquid threads.
Roger Federer became the first Swiss player to win a Grand Slam doubles title with victory over Richard Gasquet at the French Open.
Drivers have been warned to take extra care as snow and ice continue to cause travel disruption across Scotland.
Blackpool were held to a goalless draw by Wycombe in League Two.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
A mother and her two young children have been arrested after their car crashed into a ditch in the US state of New Hampshire.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in an Edinburgh street.
The death of a US airman in a plane crash in the Isle of Man 50 years ago has been described as one of the most tragic events in the history of aviation.
One of the most conservative members of the US Supreme Court, Justice Clarence Thomas, has asked a question about gun laws.
Opponents of California's gay marriage ban have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to reinstate the ban.
The finance secretary has been criticised by MSPs for refusing to hand over detailed planning information ahead of the Scottish government's Autumn Statement.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has announced his retirement after two years in charge.
Thousands of people have taken part in a wrestling competition to raise money for charity.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have appealed for information about his movements.
Former EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the soap to play Barbara Mitchell, who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars.
A woman who bit a postman in the leg in Dumfries has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction.
"There's only one Tony Stewart."
A memorial service has been held in Paris to mark the 130th anniversary of the Paris attacks.
A by-election will be held in the Borders in May after the resignation of a Conservative MSP.
At least three people have been killed and nine injured in a train crash in the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
Google has released a new version of its Earth system, and it's pretty cool.
An Australian golfer has been injured after being grabbed by a crocodile on the 11th hole of his Palmer Sea Reef golf course.
The US city of Bloomington has renamed its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays to reflect its diversity.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property sector has continued to fall, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of having a "cunning plan" to deal with Brexit, after the Labour leader said the only one he could come up with was Baldrick.
The sequel to the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be made up of three films, Warner Bros has announced.
The co-founder of the so-called Silk Road drug marketplace has pleaded guilty to conspiring to distribute drugs.
A fox cub has been rescued after it was mistaken for a puppy.
WBA super-bantamweight champion Shinya Yafai retained his title with a unanimous points victory over Japan's Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
The Nobel Prize-winning Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
A local newspaper has criticised the Conservatives for not allowing reporters to film Prime Minister David Cameron's visit to Cornwall.
Police are investigating the deaths of two women found dead at a flat in Glasgow.
Ian King has been voted on to the Rangers board after the club's annual general meeting (EGM) in London.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When BBC One drama Doctor Foster first aired in 2015, it was the first series to see Gemma Foster's estranged husband Simon and his new family reunited.
A BBC Wales investigation has found that racism in football in Wales is "regularly ignored".
An acting head teacher has admitted making indecent images of children at a primary school.
China has accused the US of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
More than 26,000 people have attended a rally in Singapore to protest against the country's ban on gay sex.
The UK economy is in trouble.
Bees thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl.
More than 500 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued after being stranded at sea by smugglers, officials say.
A West Coast rail company has been banned from operating trains for the next two years because of safety concerns.
It was a "big Budget".
Kia has been named the best car brand in the world for the first time in a survey of car buyers.
Syrian child refugee Safid has told Newsround he's determined to get to the UK soon.
Key quotes from Northern Ireland's political leaders following the election.
The number of hate crimes reported to Canadian police in 2015 was the highest in the country's history.
The death of Marussia driver Luca Bianchi in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix has led to an inquiry into safety in Formula 1.
Candidates for the London mayoral election have been announced.
The UK abolishing Air Passenger Duty would be an "advantage" for airlines operating in Northern Ireland, according to the chief executive of the UK's biggest airlines.
A driver has died in a crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Shortening the length of DNA in blood cancer can be a key factor in the disease's survival, a study from Cardiff University suggests.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a lorry at a junction in east London.
A US judge has ruled that US women's football players are not entitled to strike over pay.
The UK government has agreed to allow Simi the dog to be brought into the UK from Belgium, BBC Inside Out has learned.
BBC Northern Ireland broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Professional Institute of Public Radio (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft unveiled its next Xbox One console at E3 last year, it was a bold move by Phil Spencer.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after the social networking site removed a page about him.
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar in 1985, it was one of her "lowest professional moments".
BBC Newsnight has been talking to a man who has been living in the French port city of Calais for more than a year.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate the governance of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Strictly Come Dancing's Aliona Vilani has pulled out of this year's series, saying she is "too tired" to take part in the show.
William Hague has visited Iraq's Kurdish region to discuss ways of curbing the flow of arms to militants.
Gonzalo Higuain will not leave Napoli unless he meets the club's release clause, a Napoli source has told the BBC.
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill that would require companies to certify their gender pay programmes.
Nigeria's government has responded to the mass abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls by launching a nationwide campaign to find them.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A Northern Ireland boiler owner has been refused permission to take legal action over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be cut by about 40% from next year, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside Henley Royal Regatta in Reading.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a two-year deal.
Bilkis Bano, a woman from the western Indian state of Gujarat, has been fighting for justice for more than a decade.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players he would not speak about their "high-intensity" draw with Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is "not surprised" that the DUP's Trevor Clarke has said heterosexual people can contract HIV.
More than 1,000 EU nationals have been sent polling cards in the EU referendum so far, the Electoral Commission has confirmed.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says he is in talks with defender Bailey Wright about a new contract.
China has confirmed it has deployed missiles on two disputed islands in the South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for Europe to "take its destiny into our own hands" after US President Donald Trump refused to back climate change talks.
British chef Lacey Thompson has become one of the most influential women in the world.
A new levy on employers to pay for apprenticeships is to be introduced in the Autumn Statement, the chancellor has announced.
Two Conservative MPs have been awarded more than £40,000 in libel damages after an allegation they failed to intervene in an election campaign.
Tens of thousands of Kenyans have gone on strike in protest at the election of opposition leader Raila Odinga.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out in Woodbury, Somerset.
A holiday can be a relaxing and enjoyable experience.
Greek Prime Minister Nikos Papademos has been taken to hospital after a car bomb exploded in the city of Evangelismos, reports say.
A police officer has been injured in an attack on a car in County Down.
Lochdale won the Epsom Classic at Aintree to claim a third successive victory.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by police in the US state of Louisiana has described the incident as "the most disturbing thing I've seen".
Scientists in Canada have implanted GPS trackers into the skin of slugs.
Denmark beat Austria 3-0 in extra time to reach the Women's Euro 2017 semi-finals.
The remains of a young girl found in the United States have shed light on the origins of modern Native Americans.
President Donald Trump's response to the Washington Post's revelation that he had discussed classified information with Russian officials has been met with a wave of the hand on Twitter.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must be "professional" if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
US and UK experts are gathering samples from Syria from around the world to carry out independent tests of nerve agent samples.
Scientists have developed smart glasses which they say could be used to help blind and partially sighted people find their way around.
A US-Iranian journalist has gone on trial in Tehran on charges of spying for the United States, state media report.
Two pairs of sand martins have hatched at a quarry on the Isle of Wight, the RSPB has said.
Sea otters may have helped revive ailing seagrass in southern California, according to a new study.
A man with locked-in syndrome has launched a legal challenge to the right to die in England and Wales.
A man who smuggled drugs into Northern Ireland in a wheelie bin has been jailed.
The number of infants who died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965 has risen to 1,000.
When Thommo Nicholl's Raith Rovers team arrived at Celtic Park for the Scottish Cup final, the atmosphere was one of anticipation.
Physical education in schools in Wales should be made a core subject, according to a report.
The parents of Charlie Gard have called for his life support to be switched off and he should be allowed to die.
Schools in England should include outdoor learning in their curriculum, according to a new report.
Lancashire have appointed former England head coach Peter Moores as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
An England fan who donated £4.10 to a charity after Alex Hales hit a century in the third Test against Pakistan has been refunded.
A memorial to a teenager who drowned in the River Thames is to be installed in Bath.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign is now over.
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped in India has refused to reveal her name, media reports say.
The United States has become the first country in the world to decriminalise the possession and use of drugs.
Plans to open two RSPB nature reserves in Hampshire have been delayed because of flooding.
Police have appealed for information after a number of birds were found abandoned in a National Forest estate in the Highlands.
A former serving Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after being arrested in the West Country.
Welsh brewery Brains has announced plans to open a chain of coffee shops in the south west of England.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Barcelona on a three-year deal.
A man has been jailed for four years for killing a fellow scooter club member by punching him in the leg.
It is a day that has been dominated by politics for the past few days.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has warned that demand for oil is likely to slow in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman would be "hard for him to turn down" if he was offered a Premier League deal, says former Wales defender Rob Roberts.
More than half of the world's adults over the age of 60 are living in poverty, according to a new report.
League Two side Derby County have signed Nottingham Forest defender Jack White on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Lupita Nyong'o is to star in the new Black Panther film, it has been announced.
A 70-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in West Lothian.
Four men have appeared in court accused of conspiring to smuggle cannabis worth more than £200,000 into the Republic of Ireland.
A man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for eight years.
A soldier has told an inquest into the deaths of two reservists during a training exercise in Solihull that he did not realise his son had gone "off track".
Shaker Aamer, the last British detainee to be held in Guantanamo Bay, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side's Champions League exit was a "hard lesson" for his side.
The FTSE 100 index closed down 1.5% after bank results showed a drop in the number of people using savings.
Bono has paid tribute to U2 manager Dennis Sheehan, who died after collapsing at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Stuart Shankland scored twice as Falkirk came from behind to beat Livi in Scottish League Two.
Former Northern Ireland captain Mark McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be available for Euro 2016 because of a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two former Rabobank traders have been charged in the US with conspiring to manipulate the Libor interest rate.
Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City 1-0 in the first leg of their Women's Champions League first qualifying round tie.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) says it is "confident" coach Aleksandar Sredojevic will be cleared of his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate willing to break away from Ed Miliband's policies.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to Taiwan's president-elect, the White House has said.
Harvard University in the US is considering changing its official name to remove the word "master", amid a row over race and identity.
Portugal reached the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup with a 2-0 win over Australia, who finished bottom of Group A.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have begun dismantling shacks and tents set up by drug addicts who have fled into neighbouring streets.
Martin McGuinness is to visit Belgium to mark the centenary of the start of World War One.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says this season has been a "massive lesson" for him as he prepares for the FA Cup final.
Many Clouds, the winner of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Gold Cup, died after suffering a pulmonary haemorrhage, it has emerged.
It's that time of year again when clubs are looking to sign their best January signings.
Plans to cut the number of Army reservists by 30,000 by 2019 have been criticised by former commanders.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he was not thinking his team were "perfect, unbeatable" as they continued their poor start to the season.
Russia manager Fabio Capello has been suspended from his job by the country's football association.
A British wildlife expert has called on the European Commission to clamp down on illegal spring hunting in Malta.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in the West Midlands.
More than 70 jobs are to be made redundant at a loudspeaker manufacturer in North Lanarkshire, it has been announced.
Chris Evans scored his first goal for West Brom as they came from behind to beat Stoke City in the FA Cup third round.
A bus route in Oxford could be closed to allow pedestrians and cyclists to use the city centre's main route.
McDonald's has been accused of abusing its dominant market position in Europe by a group of consumer groups.
Former Aston Villa and Burnley midfielder Sid Cowans has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
In the summer of 2004, Tony Blair announced a radical overhaul of the way the UK was governed.
Swansea City's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League were dealt a blow as they were beaten by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Bradford Bulls have confirmed they have reached an agreement with the High Court over the sale of the club.
Human remains have been found in the search for missing woman Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Ian Jamieson and Denmark's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the South African Open.
President-elect Donald Trump has announced that the US will withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A 12-year-old girl has become the first person to win a cake award for a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence creation.
Amnesty International has accused the European Union of "sugar-coating" a deal to resettle Syrian migrants in Greece.
The Department of Justice is to pay compensation to eight former Catholic school pupils who were injured during anti-Catholic protests.
A German university is to publish an annotated version of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, 70 years after his death.
A new primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a water main burst.
Mae Theresa May wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y UE wrth i'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May ar ei chabinet newydd.
Championship side Corinthians have ruled out signing Carlos Tevez from Manchester City.
It has been a year since the death of one of France's most famous rock stars.
Mae Geraint Thomas wedi dweud eu gefnogwyr am eu dymuniadau da'r Tour de France ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they are treating his death as murder.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on a US naval base in Hawaii.
The UCI has opened disciplinary proceedings against Team Sky after a rider was racially abused at the Tour de France.
It is a criminal offence to supply fake or unlicensed medicines to university students, the UK's drugs watchdog has warned.
The European Union is considering sending troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) to help stabilise the region, officials say.
St Mirren have signed Scotland Under-20 international forward James Clarkson on a one-month loan deal.
Atletico Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points with a comfortable win over Valencia.
The Wales football team have arrived in Cardiff ahead of Euro 2016.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Arsenal on Saturday will be streamed live on the internet.
Egypt's referendum on a new constitution has been met with mixed reactions in the country's newspapers.
The pilot of a plane that crashed in Myanmar, killing all 224 people on board, has been found dead, state media say.
A man who tried to smuggle thousands of counterfeit medicines into the UK has been found guilty of fraud.
All the papers lead with the story of a Northern Ireland MEP being told off by a UUP MEP.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in the world.
Two people have been arrested after a man died when he was hit by a car in Kent.
Three bears have been caught on camera trying to pop a strange object into their mouth at a safari park in California.
Historic Scotland has put forward a list of potential sites for a Roman battle site.
Derry City manager Joey Barton says he was "devastated" by the reaction to his team-mate Brendan Rogers' lip injury in Sunday's McKenna Cup final.
Flooding has continued to cause disruption in parts of England and Wales, with heavy rain forecast for Thursday.
A Republican senator has criticised Snoop Dogg for a video in which he appears to shoot Donald Trump.
The first of 11 giant floating wind turbines has been moved into place off the Aberdeenshire coast.
World number one Dustin Johnson says he is in "good shape" after recovering from a back injury at the Masters.
Newsweek, the US news magazine, has unveiled its final front cover, with the hashtag #lastprintissue.
Russia's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in November, according to official figures.
The minimum term for killing a police officer should be increased to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The campaign to stay in the EU will be focusing on the south Wales valleys and the north of England.
A man who threatened a post office worker with a knife during a robbery in Glasgow has been jailed for eight years.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has withdrawn from the squad for next month's World Cup in Brazil because of injury.
Frigates HMS Ocean and aircraft carrier HMS Illustrious are to be withdrawn from service, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The value of the pound has been cut in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, according to the Item Club.
League One side Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Mason on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not tell business leaders how to run their organisations.
A report into the conduct of the former garda commissioner and the former justice minister, Michael Callinan, has found no evidence of corruption in the force.
The number of people being held at Brook House immigration removal centre in London has more than doubled in the past five years, a Home Office report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side are in "pretty good shape" ahead of their Six Nations opener against Ireland on Saturday.
As the sun set over the Scottish Open, there was a sense of relief in the air.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he will appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in Saturday's FA Cup win over Peterborough.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the M4 in Staffordshire.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants to build a squad of 21-22 players next season.
Children in the UK are being warned about the dangers of downloading the Pokémon Go app.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death in a car chase.
Foreign students from outside the EU spend more than £1bn a year on Scottish universities, according to auditors PwC.
Derry City secured their first win over Derry City since 1998 as they beat the Candystripes 2-0 in the All-Ireland Football qualifier at Finn Park.
More than half of councils in England will have a shortage of secondary school places by the end of the next academic year, the Local Government Association has warned.
Work on a £1bn road linking Cardiff Bay and the east of the city is expected to start on Thursday.
The security forces stormed the Giza mosque in Cairo on Thursday night as hundreds of protesters gathered to demand the overthrow of the government.
Actress Vicky McClure has said she was "mortified" when she was thrown off a tram named in her honour for fare evasion.
Lily Allen has said she is "heartbroken" after being stalked by her ex-boyfriend for years.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire and rescue services to be brought together.
A Dumfries and Galloway food manufacturer is to invest £1.5m in a new factory.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association following violent scenes during the Euro 2012 qualifier in Serbia.
Johnny Depp is being sued by his management team for failing to pay his debts, according to reports.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the club's new director of cricket.
The head of the Church in Wales has said he was "not against organ donation at all".
Wales should be central to the debate on devolution, Stephen Crabb has said.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed defender Ben Davies on a season-long loan from Burton Albion.
Stuart Quigley scored twice as Livingston came from behind to beat Tranmere Rovers in the Scottish League Cup.
Council tax in Surrey is set to rise by 15% in a bid to save £450m from its annual budget, the government has said.
Somalia's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to lift a ban on the activities of financial firms linked to militant Islamists.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the National League after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
Russia's military has accused a Dutch submarine of trying to evade its radar while on a secret mission to the Syrian coast.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the fourth time in a row.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK singles chart.
Up to 20,000 Syrians have been displaced by fighting in Syria, the UN says, as Turkey closes its border with Russia.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash in the north-western state of Veracruz.
Kenya's voters have returned to the polls for the first time in five years, five years after violence marred the country's presidential election.
Celtic's Champions League second qualifying round tie against Linfield will take place on 11/12 July.
The runway at Belfast International Airport is to close for two days on Friday and Saturday to allow for major refurbishment work.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the leg while trying to stop police from approaching him.
The mayor of Bristol has paid tribute to Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 86.
Derby County have signed former Hull City striker Tom Davies for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book club has sprung up in London and New York.
Former Northern Ireland rugby star Mike Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Scotland international prop Nic White and Jersey prop Nic Freeman on two-year deals.
Burundi, one of Africa's poorest countries, is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients at a Denbighshire mental health board.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Scotland manager Gordon Strachan does not step down at the end of the season.
Merseyrail workers are to stage a second strike in a row with the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, it has been announced.
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by popular singer Khaled Sayeed, who has received death threats.
A woman who was stopped by police on the M4 in East Yorkshire has been released on bail.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City wing-back Tom Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Jack Raggett's first-half goal earned Dover victory over Welling to move them out of the National League relegation zone.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average closing at a record high.
More than 150 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland following heavy rain.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Police in Italy have arrested a man suspected of shooting dead a group of nudists on a beach in the north-east of the country.
China's richest woman, Wang Jianlin, has become the first woman in the world to shave her armpits.
A former Wales rugby player has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest after tests showed he had heart problems.
At least 80 people have been arrested in Egypt over the transfer of two uninhabited islands to Saudi Arabia, officials say.
Sports Direct has warned that the value of the pound against the dollar is set to fall by up to £1.20 in the current financial year.
Ed Sheeran has driven on a race track for the first time in the new series of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage has been given the go-ahead to appear on Fox Business Network.
One-in-seven patients in Wales are waiting longer than a year for heart surgery, surgeons have warned.
A former head teacher at a Cardiff mosque sexually assaulted children under the age of 11, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight-set win.
The story of Zheng He, the Chinese admiral who led one of the world's most important conquests, is being re-told in Kenya.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see Oliver Griffiths join the British and Irish Lions.
The British Grand Prix will not be held at Silverstone for the next two years, Formula 1 has announced.
Charles Dickens' writing desk and chair, which he used to write his final novel, have been bought by the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
Egypt's highest court has suspended the formation of an assembly to draft a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which says players must not reveal undergarments that show political, religious or advertising slogans.
What do you do if you're a porker?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its tax probe into Apple, accusing it of violating EU laws.
Great Britain's women have named four players in their squad for the Rio Olympics.
Plans to improve the lives of people in north Wales have been given a boost.
MPs have launched a new website to allow people to start and debate petitions in Parliament.
Craig Venter is one of the most celebrated scientists in the world.
A hospital trust has declared a "black alert" over an outbreak of norovirus.
Great Britain reached the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a seven-try win over Japan.
Theresa May's announcement that she will be standing for the UK presidency of the European Union has been interpreted as a warning to the rest of the EU.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have admitted raping and assaulting a woman in a "house of horrors".
The Scottish government has announced a £12.5m fund to help people made redundant by the downturn in the oil and gas industry.
Plans for a £1.5m cycling facility in Pembrey have been approved by Welsh Cycling.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint outside a supermarket in South Lanarkshire, police have said.
The chief executive of Celtic Energy has said he is "very happy" with the company's decision to clean up two mines in Flintshire.
Mae'r tân ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi llwyr ddiffodd gan fod y llanw wedi rhwystro diffodd y fflamau.
Chelsea returned to the top of the Premier League with a comprehensive victory over Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
The success of Channel 4's teen drama Skins was a huge success.
Armed police officers in Scotland have been praised by MSPs for their actions in the face of criticism from the public.
In Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" there is a strange world.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a teenage girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle is to direct the opening night of the Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new osprey has laid her first egg at a wildlife reserve in the Highlands.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has said Britain would not have the same influence on the EU as if it were outside the bloc.
Global demand for energy has slowed, according to a report from BP, the world's biggest oil company.
A minister has said he will follow recommendations from an inquiry into infant cremation in Shropshire.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says head coach Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Carlisle United manager Paul Curle says he is ready to move on if the club can't match his ambition.
Plans to change the name of a Gwynedd beach have been rejected by the council.
A British backpacker who went missing in Thailand has been found safe and well, her mother has said.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" over immigration.
The head of Queen's University in Londonderry has warned that higher education in Northern Ireland could be in crisis.
Dog walkers in a Gloucestershire town are being fined up to £100 for walking five dogs in two packs.
A judicial review is due to begin into the case of a man who was abused at Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast in the 1970s.
A British couple who were missing in Nepal for more than a week have been found safe and well, their family has said.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have been promoted to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time, says head coach Mark Clements.
Owen MacNiallais scored two goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh to set up a provincial semi-final against Monaghan.
Derby County manager Slavisa Jokanovic says Fulham striker James Martin will not be sent back to the club.
The Mubende gold mine in Uganda is one of the largest in the country, but it has been shut down because of illegal mining.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped the government's target of achieving a budget surplus by 2020.
Fifa is holding its first congress since Sepp Blatter was banned from all football activity for six years after being found guilty of corruption.
Three men have been jailed for life for beating a British lecturer to death in his home.
Hull FC will play Leeds Rhinos in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
More than 1,000 taxi and private hire car drivers have been issued licences in Scotland in the past year, according to new figures.
John Cleese's Alimony Tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with some describing it as "more than a lecture tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Adebayo Macheda on loan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the business model of people smugglers.
An amateur photographer has captured the spectacular Aurora Borealis over Scotland.
A police community support officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
A Hong Kong marathon runner has won the race for the first time in the city's history, in what organisers described as a "boring" and "challenging" course.
A Clwyd-based packaging firm is to close with the loss of 54 jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the potential of digital education in South Africa.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): US stocks closed at a record high on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report.
There is a big difference between how many nurses and how many people are working in the NHS in England.
Workers at one of the oldest department stores in Londonderry have said they are "devastated" by the loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone operator Three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges for people travelling abroad.
Police investigating the murder of a British woman in Thailand say they have made "no progress" in their investigation.
Boris Johnson has said he will not run for the Tory leadership in 2016.
Virtual doctors are a vital part of improving health care for millions of people in sub-Saharan Africa.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death in west Belfast on Saturday have paid tribute to their "caring son".
When John Thirlwell first started his own chocolate business, he had no idea that he would go on to become one of the UK's most successful entrepreneurs.
The US military has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden's body was carried into the Arabian Sea after a firefight with Saudi Arabia in which he was killed.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 index to a new record high.
The trial of County Louth farmer Michael Murphy has been adjourned until the end of December.
Small businesses in the UK will be given a tax break worth £1,000 a year as part of a package of measures announced by the chancellor.
Wales wing Rhys Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to be fit for the Six Nations, according to former Scarlets captain Steve James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have made a "significant leap forward".
Championship side Notts County have signed midfielder Ryan McGinty on a season-long loan from Ipswich Town.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a fall at the World Championships in London.
Israeli troops have fired tear gas and rubber bullets in clashes between Palestinians and Israelis in Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank.
Online booking service Booking.com is seeking €356m (£290m) in damages from French tax authorities after it failed to pay taxes in France.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has criticised plans to introduce a five-minute waiting time for its drivers in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans won stage 20 of the Tour de France to become the first man to win a Grand Tour title since 2008.
The Nigerian army has detained more than 100 children suspected of being abducted by Islamist militants, the UN has said.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Murray finished ninth in the women's team event at the British Swimming Championships in Bath.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has offered to help federal workers hit by the partial government shutdown.
Taylor Swift's management company is "giving her work away for free", a photographer has claimed.
A Isle of Wight father has launched a crowdfunding campaign to raise money for legal costs of taking his children on holiday.
A county clerk in the US state of North Carolina has refused to issue marriage licences despite a court ruling that her faith prevented her from doing so.
There are few countries in the world where the Paralympic Games are as important as Ukraine.
The Police Ombudsman's Office has been suspended by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland.
The number of school crossing patrollers in Scotland has fallen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Japan's main share index closed lower on Wednesday as the stronger yen weighed on energy shares.
Transport for London (TfL) fares are to freeze for the next four years, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the pound is the right currency for Scotland.
A rare opal found in South Australia more than 100 years ago has gone on display for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on a mudbank off the Kent coast has sparked a huge debate on social media.
School Report's News Day is back and we want you to know what you missed out on this year.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "taking sides in current political arguments".
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor.
A robot has been developed in Bangkok, Thailand, to help improve the quality of Thai food.
Smacking is still a harmful form of punishment, according to a new report.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Dave Paver says he has had a "confrontation" with Redruth Mennaye.
Newcastle extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Aston Villa.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton says he has "no doubt" Brendan Rodgers is the right man to succeed him.
The partner of a transgender woman who died at a prison has said she wrote a suicide note saying she "couldn't stop crying".
Thailand has been downgraded to Category 2 by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to meet safety standards.
The new Ghostbusters film has received mixed reviews from critics, with some calling it "a bit of fun".
A woman who died after a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords in the UK will have to pay an extra surcharge on stamp duty in the Autumn Statement, the chancellor has announced.
The M4 has reopened after being closed for several hours following a fire at a fuel tanker on the outskirts of Glasgow.
The Eden Project has secured a £1.5m grant from the Natural History Museum.
A Celtic League group has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant on the Isle of Man.
Gianluigi Imbula scored his first Premier League goal for Stoke as they beat Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child has criticised the way police handled the case.
League One side Oldham Athletic have offered free entry to their home game against League Two strugglers Brentford on Saturday.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested the French ambassador to India after a complaint was lodged against him.
Britain's Katie Trott claimed her second gold medal of the UCI Track Cycling World Championships with victory in the women's scratch.
A man accused of attempting to murder a police officer has told a court he is "totally innocent" of the charge.
The US has launched air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man who shone a laser pen into the cockpit of a police helicopter has been jailed.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, according to official data.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the NBA's all-time leading scorer.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two teenage girls.
A historian has told how Adolf Hitler's assassination of Reinhard Heydrich was the beginning of the end in the battle for the Eastern Front.
A chronology of key events:
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted taking a prescription drug before the Rio Games.
The funeral of Coronation Street writer John Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, a former British colony, is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and has enjoyed a long and successful history of democracy.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" after a £10bn infrastructure deal with a Chinese consortium collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry.
Scottish ministers are holding talks with the Norwegian Confederation of Trade and Industry (EFTA) about the possibility of Scottish membership of the EU single market.
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been banned from taking part in regional elections.
Somerset eased to a seven-wicket win over Hampshire in the first Twenty20 international at Edgbaston.
South Africa's law reform commission has proposed that Christmas should be made a national holiday.
A Christmas nativity has been stolen from a church nativity display in Glasgow.
Nigeria's main opposition party has lost control of 36 of the country's 36 state assemblies, in the biggest defeat since the military took power in 1999.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium in north Liverpool.
Carlos Tevez has left Manchester United to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A court has issued a public nudity order for Southampton man John Gough, who has been on bail for more than a year for refusing to get dressed in public places.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a further £1m in donations to its fundraising appeal following the devastating fire.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they beat Middlesbrough.
Bristol have sacked head coach Mark Tainton following an "extremely disappointing" start to the season.
Mae'r asgellwr wedi dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol i'r Scarlets.
When you think of cloud computing, you might think of a cloud, a cloud of computers, cloud computing and cloud computing.
The collapse of Iceland's three largest banks in 2008 was the result of a bank run and the collapse of the country's banking system.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during a visit to the island.
Last month, two journalists were shot dead in Mexico.
Shares in Yum Brands, the owner of fast food chain Taco Bell, have risen more than 5% after the company reported better-than-expected profits in China.
Northern Ireland is to host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games.
US President Donald Trump's healthcare bill has been withdrawn from the House of Representatives, hours after it was defeated by Democrats.
It's been a busy few days for the world of entertainment.
Leigh Day, the insurance firm at the centre of the Grenfell Tower fire, has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating claims it paid for a poster to help survivors of the blaze.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison are "significantly higher" than in similar prisons in England and Wales, inspectors have said.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued by more than 100 people who say they were misled into paying the full $25 admission fee.
Hillary Clinton has hit back at her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, accusing him of not being a progressive.
League One strugglers Alloa Athletic have signed former St Mirren boss Gary Ross on a one-year contract.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" whether he will get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement believes defender Alfie Mawson can be a success at the club.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Kent have been branded "unacceptable" by the Woodland Trust.
Bog snorkelling has been added to the Winter Olympics in Pembrokeshire.
Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in the US state of Texas.
A second independence referendum will not be held in 2017, the first minister has said.
A Liverpool fan has told the Hillsborough inquests he conceded to a doctor's medical superiority when it was suggested a teenager could not have been alive when he tried to revive him.
The chief inspector of Avon and Somerset has asked the government to investigate allegations of "serious and persistent" failings by the fire service.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have risen after a week of volatile trading in China.
Mercedes' Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as team-mate Nico Rosberg struggled.
The Forth Road Bridge should be fully operational by the end of the festive season, the transport secretary has said.
A hospital trust has been placed under investigation after an overspend of £7.8m.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found on a motorway in Dorset.
Former Channel 4 host Sandi Toksvig has said she would be a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows.
An investigation into the fatal helicopter crash in Norway last month has found that parts of the main gearbox were "strongly consistent" with fatigue.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence are to be offered counselling and support in a bid to reduce the number of violent partners.
Ospreys wing Keelan Amos has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Britain's Anthony Joshua has a "chink in his armour" ahead of his fight with Wladimir Klitschko, says WBC heavyweight champion Lewis.
Blackpool fans are taking legal action against the club and its owner over online comments about the club.
A man who died after his car crashed in Shropshire has been named by police.
Derry have been knocked out of the All-Ireland Football Championship after losing 2-17 to 1-13 to Mayo in extra-time.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for his "brilliant" recovery from injury.
Chaz Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike standings to five points with victory in the final race of the season in Valencia.
More than one in 10 pupils in independent schools in England receive extra time for their GCSE and A-level exams.
Rugby league side South Sydney Rabbitohs have held a pre-season trial of former Newcastle Falcons prop Sam Burgess.
Doncaster kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a thumping victory at Stevenage.
Nepal is considering a new law which would make it obligatory for parents to hand down citizenship to their children, the United Nations says.
Castleford Tigers maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory at St Helens.
West Ham's final game at Old Trafford was a bittersweet occasion for Manchester United.
Germany has been chosen to host the 2016 Grand Depart, the first stage of cycling's world championship to be held in the country.
A report into the care of dementia patients at a hospital in Edinburgh has found "serious concern" about staff shortages.
Eight people have been charged with running brothels and money laundering after police uncovered a large-scale illegal immigration ring.
A Guatemalan general has been shot dead while driving his car in the capital, officials say.
The Oscar-winning producer and producer of the hit film Rocky has died at the age of 83.
The 1966 World Cup final between England and West Germany has been marked with a special event.
A new unit to tackle online hate crimes in London has been launched by the mayor of London.
If you use a Raspberry Pi computer to browse the internet more securely you may need to set up a virtual private network (VPN).
Shares in Danish brewer, Carlsberg, have fallen sharply after it reported a drop in sales in the first half of the year.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have visited the site where he was last seen 20 years ago.
Drivers in the UK are to stage a series of strikes in a row over jobs and privatisation.
Carlisle United and Cambridge United played out a goalless draw in League Two.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The government is taking legal action against the new owners of Manston Airport.
In a dimly lit room in the University Hospital of Bambari in the Central African Republic (CAR), a young woman lay in a hospital bed.
Britain's Carl Froch says he will retire from boxing at the end of the year.
The MP for Colchester, Peter Quince, has been the subject of a lively debate in the House of Commons about regional theatre.
A tropical storm has formed off the coast of the Azores, near the Mexican border.
The Queen's Speech has promised to publish a revised version of the Wales Bill "as early as possible" in the parliamentary session.
Glasgow Warriors centre Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Six men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle heroin worth more than £5m into the UK.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food in the past year, according to a survey.
The number of unaccompanied child asylum seekers in Kent is costing the county more than £1m a year, a council has admitted.
England players are earning "huge amounts of money" for the game, says the players' union's chief executive Mark Hopley.
A man who grew cannabis on a "moderate but commercial scale" has been jailed for eight years.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a snake that escaped from its owner's home.
Glenavon have been given a suspended three-match ban by the Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control their players in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Glentoran.
Two One Direction fans have died after their light aircraft crashed in Powys.
Kent's hopes of clinching the Division Two title suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 183 by Northants.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news in Egypt has been adjourned until 3 May.
The Supreme Court is to hear a case brought by a British man claiming he was tortured by the UK government.
A woman who applied to travel to New Zealand to attend her grandfather's funeral has been told she will not be able to do so.
A man who stabbed a Muslim man to death on a train has been cleared of attempted murder by a judge.
A major road in the Highlands has been closed after heavy rain caused landslips.
The Welsh Government has expressed concern about plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios.
The Fab Four have topped the UK singles chart for the first time in more than 50 years, according to new figures.
Britain's Gordon Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a broken leg in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Lady Warsi was one of the most powerful figures in the Conservative Party.
Novak Djokovic has been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Olympics in Rio.
A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama in connection with the abduction of an Egyptian cleric, Italian media report.
Mark Milkins says he felt "under pressure" after ending a run of five straight defeats with a win at the UK Championship.
Irish police have carried out a major search operation in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final.
A new home for the Newport Ship could be built in Powys, according to councillors.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is "absolutely innocent" of an alleged assault, his campaign has said.
Two men have admitted causing the death of a man in a lorry crash in County Antrim in March 2013.
More than 1,500 unlicensed homes in Southampton are being illegally rented, a council has said.
A robot called Pepper is to be used in two hospitals in Germany, one in Liege and one in Ostend.
Malnutrition is a big problem for the NHS in England and Wales, according to the charity Age UK.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has called for a march by veterans to be banned in Londonderry.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign aimed at boosting manufacturing, promising to boost the economy and create jobs.
Ivory Coast's new national football federation (NFF) head coach Lamine Keshi has been cleared to take charge of the country.
Human bones believed to be those of missing mother-of-two Michelle Tiffney have been found in Fife.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says the club's transfer embargo should be cleared by the end of the week.
A house has been damaged in a crash involving a lorry and a tipper truck.
Kris Nordtveit and Mehmet Elyounoussi scored as Northern Ireland were beaten 3-0 by Norway in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A 33-year-old man has been shot dead at a party in Surrey.
David Cameron has signed a deal to renegotiate the UK's membership of the European Union.
A youth travel pass scheme which was scrapped by the Welsh Government has been extended.
A woman who embezzled more than £600,000 from an oil and gas company has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
Aberdeen-based oil and gas services firm Aker Solutions has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs.
Online sellers could be targeted by the UK's biggest tax authority in a bid to crack down on the "hidden economy".
Have you ever wondered why hauls are so popular in the UK?
A viral song about fusing an apple and a pineapple has gone viral in Japan.
A University of Exeter student died after collapsing during a rugby match, an inquest has heard.
Leicester City's unbeaten start to the Premier League came to an end as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were two of the most influential artists in New York in the early 1980s.
Lithuania have charged English Football Association (FA) fans with disorder following Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier against England at Hampden.
Newport County chief executive Mark Foxall says the club have a contract to use Rodney Parade if they win promotion to the National League.
Scottish golfer Mark Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot this winter to help him recover from a foot injury.
A man who called a woman a "slag" and a "whore" has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence.
The Irish embassy in the US has warned that The Quiet Man, one of the country's best-loved films, could be viewed as a "rollicking farce".
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were seized at a Bridgend industrial estate.
Police in Australia are investigating the murder of an Italian lawyer who was accused of being involved in a gangland feud.
Police are investigating abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player David Flower on Twitter.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A disabled man who was stopped by police on a motorway has been given a mobility scooter.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre for South Sudan.
Derek McInnes has praised Shay Logan's commitment to his family after the defender signed a new contract with Pittodrie.
A memorial service has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of World War One.
Joss Whedon has said he has deleted his Twitter account, saying it was like "taking the bar exam at Coachella".
The UK's largest education organisation, the OLPC, has received a $1.5m (Â£1.1m) grant to develop its next computer.
The US Copyright Office has approved new rules that allow car owners to modify their vehicles' software.
American Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a mild heart attack during the third round of the Florida Open.
England's hopes of reaching the Women's World Twenty20 final were dealt a blow as they were beaten by Australia by nine wickets in Melbourne.
Oil prices have fallen sharply in the wake of a decision by OPEC to keep production at record levels.
The Soloist building in Belfast has been bought by a London-based firm.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden on Wednesday.
Jason Day shot a course record 129 to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational by one shot.
In the shade of a tree in the north-east of South Sudan, the sun is shining brightly.
When the acid attacks in Paris in 2005 left her blinded and scarred, her life changed forever.
Police investigating the deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, have ruled out carbon monoxide poisoning.
Theresa May's speech on the eve of the general election was a bit like the one before it.
Scotland is to introduce mandatory nursing and midwifery staffing.
Ukrainian officials and the media have been accusing the far-right of being a threat to the country's democracy, claiming that the far right has been defeated in the parliamentary elections.
Eurozone finance ministers are meeting in Brussels to try to reach a deal on Greece's debt crisis.
The survival rate of a five-year-old boy with leukaemia could be halved, doctors have warned.
Dog owners in Wrexham could be punished if new laws are introduced.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A470 in Bangor.
Joe Carson's first-half save earned Portsmouth a goalless draw against League Two strugglers Hartlepool.
A turtle that washed up on a beach in New Zealand is being cared for by vets.
Rohit Singh is a day labourer at the Gandak river in the northern Indian state of Bihar.
The legal drink-drive limit in England and Wales should be lowered, according to the Alcohol Health Alliance.
The deaths of Sian Blake and her two young sons are being investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC).
Motherwell have signed former Real Madrid and Real Madrid midfielder David Pearson on a short-term deal.
A six-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father revealed he had undergone the procedure has returned to school.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed former NFL player Kim Welter as their new head coach.
Political parties should stop talking about the EU in terms that people don't understand, a leading Welsh politician has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backed down from a claim that $400m (£300m) was sent to Iran in exchange for hostages.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say.
A former DUP adviser has said he was suspended from the party over allegations that he had links to a controversial scheme.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over its coverage of the city.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has decided not to raise interest rates.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will have to "take maybe a step back a few times" as he prepares for Friday's one-day international against West Indies.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the EU, the party's deputy leader Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a new technology park for the University of Bognor Regis have been unveiled.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored a hat-trick as Saracens cruised to a bonus-point win over Oyonnax.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase in Sussex has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Actress Angelina Jolie and fashion designer Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC's Woman's Hour Power List 2015.
When John Choe was first hired to run a hotel chain in Singapore, he was told he would have to convince staff to stay in the business.
Derby County were held to a goalless draw by Brentford in the Championship.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Tony Blair says the club need to sign new players before the end of the season.
Olympic cyclist Sarah Storey has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been stranded on the M1 motorway after falling off a car roof.
West Ham captain Jamie Vardy has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City can still turn things around despite being booed off the field.
Up to 10cm of snow has fallen in parts of England, with some parts of the country experiencing avalanches.
Archaeologists in the UK say they have discovered the remains of a plague victim buried in the River Thames in Cambridge.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school have met with independent counsellors to help a father who is critically ill after being hit by a car.
US airlines Delta and United have banned the transport of trophy-hunting trophies following the killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos chairman Nigel Wood says the sport needs a "credible plan" to improve its presence in the capital.
EU leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis, ahead of a summit later.
A police officer has been arrested after an anonymous tip-off that an officer was to be kidnapped as part of a terror plot.
At least 20 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a crowd in New Orleans.
Southend Council and Visit Southend have responded to comedian Chris O'Grady's criticism of the town.
It is not every day that you get a job delivering healthy snacks to your doorstep.
There are many ways to measure the impact of Barack Obama's presidency.
The Archbishop of South Africa, Desmond Tutu, has said he would support assisted dying.
Monarch Airlines has said it expects to return to normal in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a teenager in a Dumfries and Galloway village.
Shares in Tesla have risen after the carmaker said it was increasing production.
"I have only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have signed full-back Luke Arscott from Bath on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A primary school in Lancashire has banned pupils from playing British Bulldog.
Northern Ireland's economy is likely to grow at its slowest rate for more than two years, according to a new report.
"I can never get those years back - the IPCC must stop failing families in this way."
Three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans to build a giant dragon sculpture in Wrexham have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says the club's relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing".
A witness has told a court that she was sexually abused by a Rotherham man as a child.
Pope Francis has urged Christians to be "simple, balanced, consistent, capable of seeing and doing what is essential" in a Christmas message.
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur scholar Abdul Fattah Tohti.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has survived his first zip wire experience at the Paralympics.
Match report to follow.
Northern Ireland's Six Nations match against Wales on Saturday has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 2-1 defeat by Hull City.
At least 11 people have been killed in a shootout between police and a rival drug cartel in northern Mexico, officials say.
How do you stop a school from offering A-levels?
Disney animation The Lion King has been inducted into the American Film Institute's Hall of Fame.
At least 160 people have been killed in a collapsed church in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he is "more than happy" to be part of a strong England batting line-up.
A woman accused of sexually abusing a young girl has told a court she was "hoping to get money" from the accused.
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan by six wickets in their Intercontinental Cup match in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has had his contract terminated by mutual consent.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing at a school.
Raith Rovers missed the chance to move into the Scottish League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Livingston.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has backed the idea of amateur boxers competing at the Rio Olympics.
A wreath-laying ceremony has been held at the Cenotaph in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has announced new sanctions against Iran, which it says are aimed at curbing Tehran's activities in the Middle East.
This summer's GCSE results will be the last to be marked under the new grading system, says Ofqual.
The government has announced a shortlist of three companies to run two rail franchises in the north of England.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat overturned in Brixham harbour.
Two human rights groups have called on Stormont to extend the scope of an inquiry into historical child abuse.
US chipmaker Intel has reported a drop in third-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with slowing demand for its personal computers.
The prime minister is to discuss how the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during his visit to Indonesia.
The Welsh government has pledged £3.5m to boost aviation and transport projects.
A letter left in a supermarket by a mother who dropped her baby off at nursery has been described as a "wonderful gesture".
At least 22 people have been killed in two suicide bombings in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
A new maternity unit is to be introduced at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness, the health board has announced.
A new curriculum for secondary schools in Scotland has been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
A letter written by the Queen about her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for £14,400.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has never been a fan of the Welsh language.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow could fall as a result of a third runway being built, according to new research.
Great Britain's Davis Cup final against Belgium will go ahead as planned despite a security alert in the country, according to the FTF.
At least 10 people have been killed after a plane crashed into a minivan at a busy airport in Ghana.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a 24-year-old man in Brighton.
She is the daughter of former prison officer David McClarty and has been a member of Stormont's executive since 2008.
Bristol Rovers manager Lee Clarke says he does not fear for his job despite the club's takeover by the Al-Qadi family.
A Japanese company has been charged with overwork after the death of a female employee.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for the Premier League.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and writer Sola Kwesi Nkurunziza considers the lack of maintenance in the country.
A cyclist has died after collapsing while raising money for a hospice.
Permian and Cracksman have been added to the line-up for the Cheltenham Gold Cup at the end of the season.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
At least three people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the French capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will leave Paris St-Germain "like a legend" after signing a new three-year contract.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" at the club.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Ireland striker Michael Morrison on a one-month loan deal.
The 2015 World Cup was the best-attended sporting event in the UK, according to new figures from Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from treating patients after a woman said she was "assaulted, butchered and robbed of her life savings".
Costa Concordia captain Massimo Schettino has been jailed for five years for causing the ship's sinking.
At London 2012, 12 British Olympians won medals.
Jade Jones could be the next Ronda Rousey, according to former Olympic taekwondo champion John Johns.
Photographs of people dressed in their workwear have gone on show at the No Walls Gallery in Brighton.
Worcestershire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
A rail operator has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates in Cardiff.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology to add depth-sensing sensors to the rear of its Moto Z.
Thousands of Russian-speakers are marching through the streets of Riga to protest against Russia's annexation of the Baltic.
Preparations are being stepped up to protect areas at risk of flooding in north Wales after heavy rain.
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of former President Eduardo Cunha, who is being investigated for corruption.
Sir Roger Moore, who is partially sighted, has been featured in a new film about life changing moments.
Theresa May's letter to Theresa May outlining her plans for the return of devolved powers to the UK has been criticised by the first minister.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight the Islamist militant group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has announced.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
A fishing vessel captain has been fined £20,000 after a worker collapsed on board and died after the engine ran for more than an hour.
The first minister has defended plans to allow English and Welsh MPs to speak in the House of Commons.
Police investigating a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim have said they have found a "substantial number" of explosive devices.
At least 35 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in an explosion in north-eastern Nigeria.
A chronology of key events:
Burnley striker Ben Vokes says his side are capable of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in Russia if they beat the Republic of Ireland on Saturday.
Former NFL star OJ Simpson is to appeal against his conviction for a Las Vegas robbery in 2007, saying he was wrongly convicted of the crime.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Michael Sammon on a two-year contract.
German cyclist Andreas Kreuziger has been cleared to race in the Tour de France despite being banned for two years.
The Stakeknife inquiry is being used as a political football to beat the British government with, it has been claimed.
A farmer has criticised supermarket Tesco after it used an "inappropriate" image of him pulling carrots on his organic farm.
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Facebook's headquarters in Silicon Valley on Tuesday, he was greeted with a huge outpouring of support from the social network's founder Mark Zuckerberg.
Former Genk boss Alex McLeish has been appointed as the new manager of Egyptian side Zamalek.
Eritrea's government has been accused by the United Nations of failing to protect its citizens from the migrant crisis.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video appeared to show him punching a man in the face.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees was best known for her role in Poldark in the 1970s.
Environmental groups have called on the Scottish government to make district heating more widely available.
People who leave rubbish outside wheelie bins will face fines of up to £1,000.
The family of a student who died in a car crash have paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour".
It's not every day that tourists flock to Europe's most famous tourist destinations.
A beach festival has been cancelled due to high winds and heavy rain, the Met Office has said.
The 2017 Rising Pune Supergiants tournament will be held from 5-9 May in India, with Steve Warner, AB de Villiers and Mitchell McClenaghan all playing for the same team.
Google has made a breakthrough in its attempt to deliver internet connectivity to rural areas.
Plans to turn a former munitions depot in Gloucestershire into a military support depot have been unveiled.
The PSNI has said it has seized more than £100,000 from drug dealers in Northern Ireland in the past three months.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been found at a flat in Dundee.
EU citizens could be given the right to live and work in the UK if the UK voted to leave the EU, a new report suggests.
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU air pollution rules, a High Court judge has ruled.
Lawyers for convicted murderer Syed Ali Syed have been allowed to submit new evidence in his murder trial.
Three pieces of gold jewellery worth more than £1,000 have been found in Scunthorpe.
A man who drowned after diving into a lake to retrieve golf balls has been jailed.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is one of the best players in the world.
The Stormont Executive has failed to pass a budget for the current financial year.
The father of a British-Iranian toddler detained in Iran is to present a birthday card to her.
Scientists in California say they have made the first human foetus in the world.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will not allow his cabinet to appoint a new leader.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most talked-about books of all time.
Christmas tree lighting in Caerphilly town centre has been cancelled because of budget cuts.
French Ligue 1 champions Marseille have agreed a deal to sell the club to French businessman Francois McCourt.
Sir Chris Hoy has been voted the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
A woman who was taken to Saudi Arabia by her father after she kissed a guy has been told she must return by 11 September.
Cafodd y goeden Bwylaidd 1,400 oed yn fwy o bleidleisiau ym Mrwsel nos Fawrth yng Ngwlad Pwyl.
MPs are to debate plans to allow English MPs to vote on laws affecting England only.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a study by the University of Hong Kong.
The Northern Ireland Executive's plan to introduce a rate of corporation tax for Northern Ireland has been put on hold.
Plans to expand Oxford's tram system have gone on public display.
A gay rights group in the Russian republic of Chechnya has said it is investigating reports that gay men are being tortured and tortured in a crackdown.
Nico Rosberg says there is an "urgent" for him to beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Russia has banned the use of social media accounts run by opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
Spanish police have arrested more than 100 people suspected of running a huge fraud ring in the textile sector.
Six people have been killed in a stabbing on a train in Berlin, Germany.
Nottingham Forest manager Rob Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club.
Mo Farah became the first Briton to win 10,000m and 4x100m relay gold at the World Championships as he claimed his first major title.
Theresa Cameron has said her son's death changed her husband's outlook on politics.
Police are warning people to be "very, very careful" after two con victims in County Antrim were conned.
The Catholic priest who led the last rites of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1988 has died.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola says he is "the coach of extraordinary players" after his side reached the Champions League semi-finals.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to work together to improve the way they deal with milk processors.
A woman has died and a five-year-old girl has been seriously injured in a car crash on the M1 in Berkshire.
Fifa has introduced tougher anti-racism measures, including five-match suspensions for racist incidents.
League One side Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
A man has died in a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault after a complaint was made to police.
Welsh referee Mark Owens says he will not be taking part in the 2019 World Cup finals.
Five people have been charged in connection with the death of an Israeli man in an attack by a Palestinian mob in the occupied West Bank in October.
Real Madrid's Kaka has been called up to Brazil's squad for the Copa America.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of its control room in Aberdeen.
A man is to stand trial accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Cardiff AMs are trying to get the assembly to ban agency fees on private rented accommodation.
Plastic surgeons in England have been given a two-week cooling-off period before deciding whether to perform cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards' injury-time penalty gave Blackburn a dramatic FA Cup quarter-final win at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have a trade-off between having bigger vocal folds and having bigger testes.
Christina Rees has been appointed as the new shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison in the US for hacking into the private email accounts of former US presidents.
Trains in Cardiff will be closed on Saturday and Sunday as part of a major overhaul of the city's railway system.
The head of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has asked survivors to give evidence to the inquiry by 31 January next year.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai who was attacked by a masked man has said he fears for his life.
More Welsh-speaking teachers are to be recruited in Wales to help meet the government's target of 100,000 by 2020.
Three nurses who mistreated a man who suffered a brain haemorrhage have been given caution orders.
More than £1,000 worth of recycled goods has been found at recycling centres in Surrey, the council has said.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to congratulate the French government on its response to the Paris attacks.
A US military base in the US state of Washington has been charged with the murder of a soldier who was killed in a car chase.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris James has become the latest celebrity to receive degrees from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A charity which helps clean up the Isle of Man's beaches has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the government.
Britain's James Ward produced a stunning comeback to beat John Isner and reach the quarter-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
Scientists have discovered a prehistoric forest in the sea off the coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into a Dundee prison has been jailed for five years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University following concerns about the safety of chemicals.
Gambling revenue in Macau reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has unveiled an exhibition of more than 12,000 photographs of his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq War is to give evidence to MPs next month.
Mae clywodd ei lladd wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser yng ngwesty'r Sirhowy Arms yn Argoed, Sir Caerffili.
The pound has fallen to its lowest level against the dollar since the UK voted to leave the European Union in June 2016.
There has been a "startling disconnect" between policies encouraging whistleblowing and what happens in practice, MPs have said.
Sydney Harbour has switched off its lights for the first time in more than a decade as part of the city's annual Green Light Night.
Hundreds of thousands of people have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who was killed in North Korea last year.
World number one Harry Maguire says he is "embarrassed" by his failure to qualify for the second round of the World Championship.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a setback in her bid to win re-election after her anti-immigration party failed to win a majority in regional elections.
One in four men in the world is a daily smoker, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the drivers of not putting on a "very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined and ordered to pay more than £1m following an incident in which five workers were exposed to a toxic chemical.
Northern Ireland's political parties are due to meet the prime minister in London later.
Taliban leader Mullah Mohammad Mansour has been killed in a gunfight in southern Afghanistan, the BBC has learned.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer.
A man who was stabbed to death at his home in Loughborough died from his injuries, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in Glasgow city centre.
Ticket restrictions have been lifted at Chester's League Two game with Wrexham after no arrests were made.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a season-long loan deal.
Paint has been poured on the front of a Dublin city hall in a second attack on the building in the past three months.
Ecuador is to protest at the UK's £18.8m bill for policing its embassy in London.
The Syrian peace process is getting under way, and there is a sense of urgency in the Middle East.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating reports that Algeria's goalball team has failed to turn up for the Rio Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach Europe by boat.
Plans for a new tennis court for Buckingham Palace have been lodged with the council.
The UK government's resettlement programme for Syrian refugees is facing "significant challenges", the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a UK-built satellite into orbit around the Sun.
It's the first big move of the day for the Scottish government.
The Northern Ireland economy has grown in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Rowing is a sport which is more than a decade older than football but it is still one of Scotland's oldest and most prestigious clubs.
Nationwide has reported a fall in mortgage lending in the first three months of the year.
A Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian military jet in Turkey last month has found that flight information has been lost.
Kent have signed South African batsman Sean Dickson on a short-term deal.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who was badly burned when he was hit by a barbecue has said she felt "cured" by the incident.
The EU referendum could be the "second-longest suicide note" in Labour's history, a leading Eurosceptic MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has told the BBC he is "sorry for football".
A lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World in Florida in memory of a boy who was killed by an alligator.
Michael Gove has said he would have sacked Theresa May if he had been in her shoes.
Scotland's top law officer has said it would not be in the interests of the UK to turn its back on EU criminal justice co-operation.
A court in India has ordered Bollywood star Salman Khan to stand trial for culpable homicide after a car crashed into a bakery killing a man in 2002.
Residents of a new housing development in Leicester have said they wish they had moved here because of the lack of fibre optic broadband.
An Australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for helping the Islamic State group travel to Syria to fight against government forces.
GPs in England are being forced to cut the length of consultations they give to patients by up to 15 minutes, the British Medical Association has said.
Craft distilleries in Scotland are going through a period of "explosive creativity", according to a new report.
Wales could lose £50m a year if stamp duty is cut from next year, a report has warned.
South Korea's president has said the Sewol ferry will be raised "at the earliest possible date".
The widow of a man who was shot dead by police said she feared her husband was going to kill himself, an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Ireland's Ryan Fitzpatrick share the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
The number of public parks in the UK is at a "tipping point" and councils are being forced to cut their budgets, a report has warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised on social media for his "social media diplomacy" in 2014.
A book borrowed from a Hereford Cathedral School has been returned to the school.
Hull City striker Lucas Clucas has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian woman who died after suffering complications and a miscarriage has been named by police as a gynaecologist who refused to carry out her abortion.
US rock band Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against the owners of the company that runs their headquarters.
Nick Kyrgios beat Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A police officer has been jailed for 16 years for raping a woman in the 1970s.
Work has begun on a major resurfacing project aimed at boosting the port's capacity to handle container ships.
Gardeners are being warned to get rid of a plant that has been blighting their hedgerows.
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the company behind a popular hunting TV app to remove all content related to the sport.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died while trying to rescue his dog has paid tribute to her "best friend".
A man who stabbed a man to death in his home has been jailed for 16 years.
Former Aberdeen and Aberdeen assistant manager Paul Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up.
A PSNI team has been sent to Northern Ireland to investigate the resettlement of Syrian refugees.
A woman who caused the death of a woman who was hit by a car as she pulled out of a traffic jam has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third stage of the Tour de Yorkshire with a superb sprint finish.
The number of transgender young people reporting hate crimes in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a charity.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Brazilian footballer Neymar has appeared in court in Madrid accused of defrauding his former club Barcelona out of millions of dollars.
A council has apologised after postal ballot papers for the general election were sent out without the names of the candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Osprey Williams' final-minute try was a "fitting end" to his career.
It's not every day you hear a celebrity talking about their exploits on the pitch.
A company has said it will sue the National Trust over its refusal to allow it to survey land for shale gas.
Five men have been arrested after police seized more than £1m worth of drugs in raids in Staffordshire and London.
Manchester City have signed Tottenham right-back Kyle Walker for £50m.
A racoon has been rescued after jumping from a roof into a garden shed.
A dog has been stolen from a pet pet shop in Aberdeen.
A Rwandan man who was extradited to face charges of inciting genocide has been released on bail.
A vote to leave the European Union would make the UK less attractive for international students, a survey suggests.
An Australian father has been jailed for seven and a half years for sexually abusing a 14-year-old girl.
The Serial podcast is to be turned into a TV series.
The current council tax system in Scotland is "unfair", according to a report.
More than 200 hens have been rescued from the streets of Wrexham after being abandoned by their owners.
Hull FC have signed Hull FC full-back Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man whose remains were found in a lay-by may not have been murdered, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has announced he is retiring from football.
A faulty gene may increase the risk of a stroke in people over 45, UK researchers say.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney charged with aiding and abetting the murder of a police officer.
Google has announced that it is shutting down its Explorer programme for its Glass smart glasses.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has announced a major overhaul of the country's security apparatus, in a series of decrees.
Farming supplies group Harbro has reported a rise in profits and turnover, despite the impact of Brexit on the industry.
US President Donald Trump has said he is considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller over his investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election.
A High Court ruling that a parent can take their children on a seven-day term-time holiday is causing "a huge amount of confusion", the shadow education secretary has said.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has said his wife was shot dead by a gunman at her hair salon on Sunday.
Mobile operators O2 and Vodafone are to meet later to discuss how to speed up the rollout of 4G mobile services.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A proposal to increase the number of English clubs in five divisions has been unveiled by the Football League.
Indian restaurant owners have accused the government of "total insanity" over its immigration rules, which they claim have led to the loss of 52 jobs.
England fly-half Chris Robshaw says his side's second-half display against France was "shocking".
A brand of gin has been recalled in Canada after it was found to be too high.
Professional boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering severe bleeding to his brain during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has agreed to fix software used by its customers to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions.
Scientists have developed a new mix of cement that will be able to prevent waste from being transported into the environment.
Match report to follow.
A man has admitted throwing a corkscrew at Clacton fans during a League Two match.
The Public Prosecution Service (PEN) is boycotting a US literary event in protest at the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine's depiction of Islam.
The NHS in England is spending more on agency staff than ever before, according to new figures.
A glass manufacturer in County Antrim is facing up to 50 redundancies, a union has said.
When Poundland opened its first store in the UK three years ago, it was just one of three times it opened in that time.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car mounted the pavement and crashed into a barrier on an island.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found unconscious in a flat in County Antrim.
In Burkina Faso, a new method of giving contraception is being developed.
The police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland has reopened investigations into more than 150 historical incidents, the BBC has learned.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League.
High winds have caused major disruption and disruption in parts of Wales.
A soldier has died and four others have been injured after their vehicle plunged into a river in Taiwan, the army says.
Michael Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the Fifa investigation into corruption, has died at the age of 72.
Connacht missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys at Kingspan Stadium.
Nine-year-old Billy was seriously injured when he was hit by a car during a race in London.
A Sunderland music shop that hosted gigs by independent artists has closed after it was sold for student accommodation.
Luton Town have offered new contracts to four players, including Alex King, Ryan Potts and Jordan King.
Algeria have agreed to sign French striker Karim Benzia from Lille on a two-year contract.
England's women's netball team will be awarded central contracts for the first time in the next two years, according to defender Hannah Housby.
The people of South Wales have voted in the second preference election for the police and crime commissioner.
A drug that blocks the action of a key molecule in ovarian cancer has been shown to be a promising treatment, say researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released a CCTV video of the last time she was seen.
When The KLF quit the music industry in 1994, they were forced to destroy all copies of their 1987 debut album, Dancing Queen.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota is in a "critical but stable condition" in hospital after being seriously injured in a crash.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in Glasgow.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his new ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan's government has banned civil servants from travelling to China for further education.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of being relegated from the Championship is "frightening" and "exciting".
More than 100 British soldiers are due to leave their base in Afghanistan for the first time in more than a year.
When Laura Pergolizzi was a teenager in Greece, she thought she was going to be a pop star.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Former British middleweight champion Darren Wilkins has been banned from boxing for six months for his conduct in a sparring session with a man who left him in a coma.
A Liverpool fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster tried to find her mother after being taken to a police station, inquests have heard.
A Scottish inventor who built a robot that can play video games has been invited to take part in a new Scottish robotics festival.
League Two side Cambridge United will host League Two side Manchester United in the FA Cup second round.
Bury have made four changes to their squad for the League Two play-offs, including the re-signing of Jon Hogan, and the release of midfielder Michael Mafuta.
Manchester City defender Leroy Sane is available after recovering from a hamstring injury.
Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just one season in charge.
A honey beekeeper died after accidentally injecting himself with a pen, a court has heard.
Forest Green came from behind to beat Torquay 5-5 in the National League.
In the north-eastern Nigerian town of Chibok, where two teenage girls were abducted by Boko Haram militants in April, Rev Mark Nwankwo says he has been "devastated" by the ordeal.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill that would make smacking children a criminal offence.
In the early 1950s, a group of Kikuyu fighters led by the African Home Guard launched an uprising against British colonial rule in Kenya.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Pictures have emerged showing Prince Harry helping to remove a crocodile from an Australian harbour.
Australia umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has said the company's sponsorship of the Rio Olympics will help boost sales in Brazil.
Crayfish are being re-introduced to the River Wye in a bid to prevent a total wipe-out of the native species.
A fire broke out at the O2 arena during Elvis Presley's Elvis exhibition.
Dallas Buyers Club has topped the US box office chart for the second day running, following the success of 12 Years a Slave.
An investigation is under way after a cloud of "inky water" appeared at the base of Niagara Falls in New York.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Scott Hemmings at the club.
The Youth Olympics will be held in Norway in 2016.
A UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group.
The exam regulator Ofqual has been criticised for failing to ensure that pupils achieved the same GCSE grades year on year.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition against rebels in Yemen, officials say.
On Christmas Eve, thousands of Palestinian Christians gather in the Old City of Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
North Wales Police has been rated as "inadequate" in a report by the UK's most senior police watchdog.
A make-up artist who has worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on films including The Revenant has thanked the star for her "unbelievable talent".
An anonymous donor has paid for the treatment of a three-year-old boy who needs a second transplant.
Air France-KLM and Lufthansa have been fined by the European Commission for breaching antitrust laws.
Bournemouth striker Steve King says the club's mentality will not see them take the foot off the gas and relax.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from the besieged Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal.
The thaw in relations between Cuba and the United States has been a year in the making.
Olympique de Marseille owner Jacques McCourt has announced plans to buy the French club for an undisclosed sum.
Astronaut Emmanuel Pesquet has posted photos of the Aurora Borealis, the Northern Lights and other spectacular sights on social media.
Police in Ukraine are investigating the death of a mother and her two young children in a flat in Kiev.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton Under-21 midfielder Ryan McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
A southern bypass route could be considered as part of the £1.4bn upgrade of the A303 at Stonehenge, it has been revealed.
Saracens captain Chris Borthwick was on a mission.
The United Nations has accused Myanmar's security forces of killing Rohingya Muslims and gang-raping their children.
A water main burst in a school and school, causing residents to be forced to evacuate their homes.
Guernsey manager Kevin Vance says his side could have done without their FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Oxford United.
Athletics is an "iceberg" of nations that have a problem with doping, says former World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The families of three British schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State have criticised the government's counter-terrorism strategy.
Emmerdale fans are to be given tours of the former Coronation Street set for the first time.
A number of teachers at a County Tyrone school have called in sick.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Francesco Cesare looks at the challenges facing Sicily's rural Mafia.
People with learning difficulties can now control programmes using their brainwaves, the BBC has said.
An augmented reality experience will be offered at this year's Celtic music festival.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Houvenaghel has withdrawn from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow because of a back injury.
Tennis at Wimbledon will resume on Sunday after the tournament was forced to play on the middle day because of bad weather.
Police in Sicily have detained 15 volunteer firefighters accused of setting fires in the heatwave.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38%, the NSPCC has said.
US officials are meeting in Washington to discuss the "new aviation threat" from the so-called Islamic State.
North Korea has said it has made "significant progress" in its nuclear programme.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time in more than a year, in a show of force against Kiev.
Richard Keogh's header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby.
A woman who was convicted of arranging the murder of her son in 1990 in Arizona has lost her appeal against her conviction.
Emergency services at East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) have been told to improve after inspectors found staff were "inadequate".
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to six points thanks to a second-half strike from Australia international Sam Mooy.
A BBC reporter has told a disciplinary tribunal she was subjected to "internal corruption and poor management" during an investigation into an ambulance boss's salary.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in Edinburgh.
A US national park has suspended its search for a group of mountain climbers who went missing after getting into difficulty on the highest mountain in the US.
Adam Weatherson scored twice as Queen's Rangers beat Queen's Park 3-2 in the Scottish League Cup first round.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in 18 years were dealt a blow as they were beaten by the Wallabies in Brisbane.
The new chairman of India's Tata Group has written an open letter to the board, accusing the firm of failing to turn around its fortunes.
French pair Sam Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they are "still in shock and afraid" after Saturday's attacks in Paris.
Widnes Vikings have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League after their Super League game against Widnes was abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent".
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the Republican presidential nomination.
Juan Mata scored twice as Chelsea beat Sunderland to move up to third in the Premier League.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said the country has the capability to attack the US in the Pacific.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered announced plans to raise $1.3bn (£1.2bn) in a share sale.
A man accused of murdering his grandmother at a care home in Cambridgeshire has appeared in court.
The number of Bengal tigers in the wild in the Sunderbans region of Bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a metatarsal fracture in Saturday's 1-1 draw with West Brom.
Two board members at Sport NI have resigned.
A malicious software that infects routers and other smart devices is being targeted by hackers, according to a security firm.
It's been a week of violence in the German Bundesliga.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed following a crash.
Mexican Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned following Donald Trump's visit to the country.
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar has been described as a "perfect storm".
Lee Novak scored twice as Fleetwood came from behind to draw with Charlton.
Portsmouth's board should be given the chance to make their own decision on the club's future, says chief executive Lee Brown.
A camera has been used to film a dead turtle on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland.
Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for League One strugglers Scunthorpe at Vale Park.
Ipswich Town and MK Dons both missed the chance to go top of the Championship as Ryan Revell and Chris Varney scored late goals.
Former Fifa world football champion Mohamed Weah has been elected Liberia's first female president.
England's Tommy Fleetwood missed the cut at the Shanghai Masters as Germany's Bernd Wiesberger won on a penalty shoot-out.
Liverpool Ladies have signed Canada international Mandy van den Berg on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed defender Myles Anderson and midfielder Ruairi Keating on loan until the end of the season.
Belfast City Council has agreed to investigate the storage of bonfire material in a car park in the city centre.
The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary has been compiled by the Oxford University lexicographer.
TVR is to build its next generation of cars in south Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "all over the place" as he lost his title lead at the British Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in Marks and Spencer leading the way.
Portadown have been handed a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association for breaching the rules on player eligibility.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A woman who embezzled more than £100,000 from the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order.
Astronomers have identified more than a dozen giant stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have shut their Curva Sud section for one game next season after racist chants were directed at Mario Balotelli.
Plymouth Argyle moved up to second in League Two with victory over Crawley thanks to Craig Tanner's second-half strike.
US TV network Discovery has agreed to buy broadcaster Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£11bn).
Steven Caulker was not involved in an altercation with Crystal Palace players, according to QPR.
Oscar-winning actress Barbra Streisand has asked Apple to change the pronunciation of her name.
At least one person has been killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Egyptian capital Cairo, officials say.
The US drug company behind a controversial increase in the price of a prescription drug has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County striker Leon Martin says he feels a lot lighter after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Scotland was diverted to Glasgow due to a "smoke of burning on board".
The health of children in Wales has improved significantly since the 1970s and 1980s, according to the latest national survey.
Manufacturing and retail sales in Northern Ireland have risen at their fastest rate since the Brexit vote, according to the Ulster Bank.
Proposals for a multi-million pound redevelopment of Manchester city centre have been approved by Mayor of Manchester Phil Neville.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders and Irish international Michael Callaghan as their new manager.
A man who threw a baby in the air and hit him on the floor has been jailed for six months.
British number two Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the China Open with a straight-set win over Spain's Carla Garcia-Lopez.
A murder investigation has been launched after a teenager was kidnapped in Leicestershire.
Chester boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Dagenham.
National League side Yeovil Town have signed ex-Newport County captain Ryan Wood on a season-long loan deal.
A "serious democratic deficit" in local elections in England has been identified by the Electoral Commission, with fewer than 20% of the electorate eligible to vote.
Wales fly-half Matthew Morgan has signed a new three-year contract with Cardiff Blues.
Conor Henderson has signed a new one-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports that striker Peter Crouch could leave the club in January.
A portrait of Mao by Andy Warhol has been put up for auction in Hong Kong.
Plans to build a house in the shape of a flower have been approved by Bolton Council.
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of the 2014 film Ghostbusters, according to reports.
Moths have been installed in Hull to commemorate the life of air travel pioneer Amy Johnson.
The chancellor has said the government will be willing to "reset fiscal policy" if the UK leaves the EU.
Thousands of people are expected to turn out for a London version of the annual Lumiere festival, organisers have announced.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the opening game of the EuroHockey Championships in Stuttgart.
An Isle of Wight council has lost a legal bid to overturn a ban on parents taking their children to Disneyland.
The parents of a girl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have paid tribute to their "beautiful daughter".
A US soldier who was killed in a Taliban attack in Afghanistan has been awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery.
The government should introduce a cap on the number of unskilled migrants coming to the UK from Australia, according to a new report.
A number of Crystal Palace fans were evacuated from an underground station in north London after a fire alarm went off.
Great Britain's Hannah Seonaid and Jennifer McIntosh have won gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in the Czech Republic.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Great Britain's Olympic skeleton team, led by Lizzy Yarnold, is celebrating its 14th anniversary in Vancouver, Canada.
Celtic's Nicola Adams will defend her WBC International flyweight title against American Jessie Salazar in Manchester on Saturday.
Olympic silver medallist Liam Heath won the K1 200m canoe sprint at the European Championships.
The Ellan Vannin football team have qualified for next year's ConIFA European Football Cup.
The last of the last boats to dock in Bristol has left the city for Edinburgh.
Too many older people in care homes "quickly become institutionalised", a report has said.
The right to buy in England could be doubled under government plans to boost the number of affordable homes.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by more than a third in a year.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in North Lanarkshire.
Portsmouth have signed Belgium international midfielder Emmanuel Ohene on a season-long loan deal.
Nottingham Forest manager Paulo Brazil says he is not aware of where the club is in terms of looking for a new manager.
A zoo in Australia has asked the public to sew mittens to help save the lives of some of its most endangered animals.
More needs to be done to diagnose newborn babies with a cleft lip or palate, say surgeons.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have had their jobs terminated, the BBC understands.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed Macclesfield Town striker Ryan Parkin on a one-year contract.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to expand bus services in England, as he launched his bid for the Labour leadership.
People on low carbohydrate and low fat diets have lost an average of 7.3kg (16lb) over the course of 12 months, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after a woman was crushed to death by heavy metal frames.
England international Laura Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has urged Super League to "give Super League a pat on the back" after winning the 2017 World Club Series.
The satellite tracking system for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been set up by the United Nations.
China has admitted that the illegal trade in tiger skins is happening in the country, wildlife experts say.
Sterling's "shaky" performance this month has been highlighted in a new report on the UK economy.
A man who threatened to shoot police officers in Flintshire has admitted making threats to kill himself.
Dutch airline KLM has expanded its flights between Inverness and Amsterdam.
Gregor Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster in a thrilling Pro12 play-off.
Plans for a UK spaceport in Snowdonia have been submitted to the UK government.
Arcade Fire have been hailed as the "highlight" of the Glastonbury Festival after a severe thunderstorm hit the site.
The Women's Champions Trophy will be held in England from next summer, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
At least four people have been killed in an ambush by the Nigerian Islamist militant group Boko Haram, officials say.
Irish actor and actor Michael Lally has died at the age of 74.
England batsman Robson hit a career-best 215 as Middlesex made a strong start against Warwickshire on day two at Edgbaston.
The death of coral at one of the world's most important coral reefs has been confirmed by scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen after a deal was reached between Cyprus and the rest of the eurozone to stabilise its banks.
A cancer patient has reached the summit of Mount Everest after raising more than £40,000 for charity.
A community hall in Denbighshire is to be taken over by a parish after it was charged more than £1,000 a year.
Tributes have been paid to a Walsall football fan who died in the Tunisia terror attack.
The quality of science lessons in Welsh schools is a "vital factor" in raising standards further, according to education watchdog Estyn.
A number of prominent Muslims have pledged to stand guard at Jewish cemeteries in the wake of recent bomb threats.
Two brothers have been jailed for killing a drug dealer in a "frenzied attack" in North Lanarkshire.
Pop star Ed Sheeran made it through to the end of his set at this year's Parklife Festival in Manchester.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton is to step down at the end of the season, the Championship club have confirmed.
A senior aide to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said police searched the headquarters of the centre-right UMP party in Paris on Monday.
President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since taking office.
A fire on a passenger ferry was caused by an air conditioning unit close to a bridge, Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice after a man died in a car crash in Dubai.
Nivea has apologised after a racist advert for its products was posted on its Facebook page.
Cambridge extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Exeter.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from French side Racing 92 on a two-year deal.
UK scientists are working on a new mapping project that could help them better understand the causes of big earthquakes.
Here is the full text of the prime minister's statement after the election results were announced.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in Johannesburg to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
UKIP MEP Nathan Gill has not resigned from his job as an MEP, the party has confirmed.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Bristol was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam because of a "strong smell of smoke".
Too many young people are being offered apprenticeships of little worth in England, according to a report by a think tank.
Plans to build a power station on a river in Snowdonia have been shelved because of concerns over salmon numbers.
A gang has been jailed for seven years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into Wales.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has been airlifted to hospital after suffering brain damage during a pre-season friendly.
Sir William Hague, the founder of the welfare state, has said that he would like to see a "national minimum" in Northern Ireland.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A.
A financial services firm has announced plans to create 500 new jobs in Manchester.
David Cameron should be the UK's next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB.
Twitter has become a platform for social media users to express their views on issues such as the Ukraine crisis and the conflict in Syria.
New Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given the opportunity to take charge of the club for the first time.
Cameroon defender Adama Chedjou has joined Turkish champions Istanbul Basaksehir.
In West Lothian and Livingston, the voters will be choosing between Labour and the Conservatives.
The Home Office has been urged to make it easier for police and security services to hack into children's electronic toys.
Myanmar's armed groups have signed a collective agreement with the government to end decades of conflict.
Venezuelan military jets have shot down two suspected drug smugglers in the jungle, officials say.
Mental health services for pregnant and newborn women are to be funded by the Welsh government.
China's state-owned telecoms firm ZTE has agreed to pay $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) to settle charges that it broke export rules.
The number of allegations of sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic has risen, according to a UN report.
A man has admitted murdering his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" at their home.
France will keep its military presence in Mali for as long as it takes, the French foreign minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have pledged to work together to strengthen the US-China trade deal.
Schools in Coventry and Warwickshire have been closed due to flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a London boutique.
Theresa May has been urged to "come clean" by the Lib Dems over her pledge to increase spending on the NHS and social care after Brexit.
Celtic maintained their 100% start to the Scottish Premiership season with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Veteran Simpsons actor Harry Shearer has pulled out of the hit US TV show, citing a lack of money.
NHS nurses in England will have to take out student loans to pay for their courses, under plans being considered by the government.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have had their approval revoked.
Olympic and world champion Jessica Richards-Ross says she has been inspired by the support of other female athletes after revealing she had an abortion.
The UK's Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be part of any trade deal with the EU.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats are holding their spring conference in Aberdeen.
Actress Lizzie Jumbo has criticised Hollywood for not doing enough to promote diversity in the UK.
The attainment gap between the richest and poorest pupils in England could be narrowed by more free school meals, research suggests.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he has been frustrated by his injury problems and believes his body has finally caught up with him.
I remember the moment when I turned down an interview with Apple for a camera.
A £58m research and innovation centre in Newcastle has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former Essex head coach Helen Grayson as their new head coach.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Ryan Sweeney on a season-long loan from Stoke City and midfielder Dominic Telford on a two-year deal.
The UK's inflation rate rose slightly in May, helped by falling air and sea fares, official figures show.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will get tax sharing powers before 2021.
Olympic silver medallist Sarah Graddon says she is ready to retire from diving.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two Amtrak passenger trains in California.
The Pirate Bay website has returned to the internet.
Previews and team news for all of Saturday's Premier League games.
Global temperatures will almost certainly rise above 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to new research.
The number of animal welfare cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales rose last year, according to new figures.
A drug addict who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard after she went missing has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Jim Mulgrew says his side must be "on top of their game" when they face Ards in the Gibson Cup on Tuesday.
How safe are the big international banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Mark Ingram says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Indian Premier League.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Malaysian Grand Prix as the new Formula 1 format failed to work.
A former Fifa official has been suspended for three years for speaking out against Qatar's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
An elderly man has died in a house fire in Edinburgh.
A collection of photographs documenting the rise of the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s and 1980s has gone on display.
Michael Vaughan says Newcastle United's players need to be "mental tough" if they are to avoid relegation from the Championship.
When Donald Trump announced that the US would withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, it was a major blow to Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" following their Champions League quarter-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said he is "not worried" about a merger between the Leave and Remain campaigns in the EU referendum.
Islamic clerics in Mauritania have called on the Supreme Court to spare the life of a blogger jailed for blasphemy.
A company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died after inhaling toxic fumes while wearing a face mask.
The UK's first nuclear-powered submarine has been launched at the Barrow yard where it will be built.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he wants manager Chris Coleman to stay at the club for "many years to come".
Security experts are investigating flaws in a system used to keep tabs on cargo ships.
It was not Joan Collins who was arrested in the Republic of Ireland.
An Egyptian goose nest has been discovered in a nesting box at a nature reserve in Norfolk.
Burnley striker Ben Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 as Surrey held on for a draw against Hampshire at The Oval.
The owners of Southern Cross care homes are expected to agree to make "significant financial concessions" in a bid to save the firm from closure.
The number of cancer patients in England being treated within 62 days has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, figures show.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals would lose their habitats if global temperatures rise above pre-industrial levels.
Gatwick Airport has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £1.1bn for the year to August, helped by record passenger numbers.
A former cabinet minister and ex-economy chief councillor have been named in a report into the sale of council properties.
Arsenal and Chelsea have agreed to donate £1.25m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo are "paralysed" as air strikes continue to devastate the city.
A man died after falling from a lifting hoist at a hospital, a court has heard.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, William Williams, has warned that religious education in schools in England is being "marginalised".
A large fire has broken out in a row of houses in Londonderry.
Plans to create a single council in Oxfordshire have been branded a "disaster".
National League side Torquay United have signed defender Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Salisbury City.
The Co-operative Group has reported a rise in like-for-like sales for the first half of the year.
Nato warships have begun a major search for a German U-boat in the Atlantic Ocean.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded in California, destroying a cargo ship that was due to launch on Wednesday.
A woman accused of threatening BBC presenter Jeremy Vine with a "firework sign" has appeared in court.
Scientists have reconstructed the story of the Chicxulub Crater, the crater where a giant asteroid slammed into Earth.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a court in Johannesburg.
Joe McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the World League semi-finals in Belfast.
Seahorse numbers have been spotted on a beach in the Isle of Wight for the first time in more than a decade.
The founder of India's largest rock garden, the Chandigarh Rock Garden, has died at the age of 88, his family says.
British Cycling was not based around motivation or performance through fear, says former head coach Sir Dave Brailsford.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland.
It's not every day you get a GCSE or A-level paper marked in time for a major football match.
Zinedine Zidane has been reinstated as Real Madrid's reserve-team coach.
A new road has opened in Taunton after more than two years of delays caused by technical issues.
Peterborough United manager Michael McCann says Kieran Maddison is one of the best in the Championship.
MSPs have called for the closure of all police control rooms in Scotland.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says his last attempt to reach the World Cup finals was "probably the last attempt" he will make.
Burundi's prosecutor's office has confirmed that a military vehicle was used in the killing of a prominent human rights activist.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the highest-paid actress in the US, according to a new Forbes list.
Villagers in Nepal have blocked the main road to the capital, Kathmandu, in protest at a lack of aid.
Cuba has accused US President Donald Trump of using "old and hostile rhetoric" against the island, as the Cuban leader condemned his policy on human rights.
Actor James Tennant has revealed that a play he wrote about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" headline has been rewritten.
The US Secret Service has been told to make "difficult choices" about how to protect President Barack Obama after a security breach at the White House.
Gibraltar could join the European Economic Community (EEC) in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the bloc.
Drivers on Arriva Trains Wales are to go on strike for 24 hours in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Paraguay's President Fernando Lugo has said he will not seek re-election in the lower house of parliament.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are due to meet by phone on Tuesday.
Syrian government forces have captured the town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS), officials say.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan was beaten 10-1 by Judd Trump in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
There will be "hopes" there will be hope in 2015 for the NHS in Wales, the first minister has said.
More than 100 people in Wales have been reported to police for stalking in the past five years, a charity has said.
China is set to account for a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Bank staff in England and Wales are being trained to help catch fraudsters.
Labour is hoping to gain control of Ealing Central and Acton in the general election.
Five Ospreys rugby players have taken part in a series of recycling collections in Powys.
Flights have been cancelled at Gatwick Airport because of bad weather conditions.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen.
A new playhouse has opened in London, the first in the city to be built in the modern era.
Swansea City Council has agreed a deal to buy the club's Liberty Stadium.
Tottenham striker Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly abusing a match official during the 1-1 draw at Queens Park Rangers.
John Barclay says Scarlets' Six Nations success reminds him of Glasgow Warriors' success in the European Champions Cup.
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry.
A story about a Chinese teenager hiding in a suitcase in Dubai has caused a stir on Chinese social media.
It would be a "huge risk" to take the iPlayer service off air, the BBC's director general has said.
Plans for a new coal-fired power station have been given the go-ahead.
More than 100,000 black men from the Caribbean died during World War Two.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" that the women's football team will not be able to compete at the Olympics.
The return of a rare bird of prey to Breckland has been celebrated.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have reacted angrily to Johann Lamont's decision to quit as leader of the party in Scotland.
Japanese technology giant Softbank has agreed to buy ARM Holdings in a $20bn (Â£12bn) deal.
Edinburgh City booked their place in the second qualifying round of the Scottish Cup with a 2-1 win over Cove.
One in eight workers in the south west of England is too ill to work before they reach the state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
An investigation into fire safety at a hospital in Coventry has found it was "in the unlikely event of a fire".
A man has been charged in connection with an explosion at a police station in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has launched a new set of stamps to mark the 150th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have been the victims of a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
The Isle of Man's first Pilates class has been recreated in memory of a former prisoner of war.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom, covered in a duvet.
Hospitals in England are expected to overspend by £3.8bn this year, according to new figures.
David Cameron has been warned that the UK could see a surge of migrants in the next 12 months if he does not secure a deal on his EU reform package.
Lance Armstrong should be banned from cycling for life, according to former Tour de France champion Michael LeMond.
Malaysia has criticised Swiss authorities for saying they have "serious indications" that money may have been misappropriated from its state fund.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has been asked to investigate the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advertisement in 1986.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has become the highest-grossing film of all time in the US, according to Universal Pictures.
Microsoft has revealed that its new Xbox Scorpio console will be capable of playing high-definition video games.
A former UKIP MP has resigned after he posted on Facebook that the US should "do an Eichmann" on President Obama.
They're one of the most famous children's books.
Supermarket chain Pret has said it will pay 16-18-year-olds who took part in its "Big Experience Week" to learn more about its business.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club's takeover has "saved" his job.
Irish writer KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut collection of short stories.
The recent spate of shark attacks off the coast of Sharm el-Sheikh in the Red Sea is raising questions about the behaviour of the creatures.
A 10-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A concert to raise money for the victims of the Nepal earthquake has been held in Edinburgh.
Thousands of farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh.
Alastair Cook has always been a bit of a polarising character.
The former head of the Afghan National Army has warned against "playing the Taliban's game" over the recent attacks in the country.
Here is a quick guide to the best ways to avoid being hit by lightning.
Lotus' legal battle against HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has been adjourned until the end of December.
Northamptonshire's hopes of avoiding relegation from Division Two were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Sussex.
New England head coach Wayne Bennett is the perfect fit for the Four Nations, says Wigan Warriors forward Conor O'Loughlin.
Chelsea Ladies began their Women's Super League One Spring Series campaign with a 1-1 draw against Yeovil Town in the first round of the competition.
A man has told an inquiry that he was sexually abused at a Jersey care home by a member of staff.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in the Republic of Congo has said she wants to help free one of the men who carried out the attack.
When Fiji international John Matavesi first arrived in Cornwall in the 1980s, he was taken on as a tin miner.
Police are investigating the deaths of two people at a house in Inverness.
An 18-year-old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Bookmakers at Coral have been told to do "absolutely anything" to help customers who are caught up in gambling on fixed-odds betting terminals.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City and York City midfielder David Straker on a one-month loan deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched by police investigating the Westminster terror attack.
The attack on the Buddhist shrine in Bangkok on Monday has been described as a "shocking attack" on Thailand's tourism industry.
A police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting a woman in his car.
Footage of Boris Johnson giving his wife a lift on his bike has been released.
The PSNI has said it is investigating a spate of cyber-related blackmail attacks in Northern Ireland.
Prime Minister David Cameron is back in the White House again.
A rare ridley turtle found on Anglesey has been moved to a larger tank in a bid to help it recover.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall came from behind to beat Swindon.
Police in three Denbighshire towns are to stop using CCTV cameras to monitor crime and disorder.
South Sudan beat Malawi 2-0 on aggregate to reach the next round of the Confederation of African Football (CHAN) qualifier in Lilongwe.
Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said the US will not change its policy towards the Middle East.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania has told Fox News that he will not be allowed to carry guns on campus.
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from UKIP's leadership contest, the party has confirmed.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra defender Jon O'Shea on a two-year deal.
A Dumfries teacher who downloaded indecent images of children has been banned from the profession.
A man who posted "highly offensive" Facebook messages about Islam has had his firearms licence revoked.
Armenian weightlifter Arsen Vardanian has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test at the London 2012 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker David Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of improving next season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a police officer have spoken of their shock at her death.
Conservative peer Lord Strathclyde has resigned from the House of Lords.
About 1,000 jobs have been lost at a sandwich manufacturer in County Londonderry.
The chief executive of Dentsu, the Japanese office where a woman jumped to her death last year, has resigned.
A man accused of murdering his wife with a frying pan and a bottle of white spirit has been found guilty of her murder.
At least six people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on an army bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation has begun on plans to store nuclear waste at a site north of the border with England.
Google's chief executive Eric Schmidt has said he is "rather perplexed" by the debate over corporate taxes in the UK.
Mozambique is one of Africa's poorest countries and has suffered from a decade of civil war since independence from Portugal.
Nottingham's Robin Hood and Maid Marian are planning to celebrate their wedding day by throwing axes at each other as part of the show.
Josh Main's second-half strike secured victory for League One strugglers Oldham Athletic over Southend United.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of some of the country's biggest land holdings to foreign investors.
Bradford City came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town in League One.
Prince Harry has visited a remote village in the north-east of Guyana on the final day of his Caribbean tour.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines - the Ampatuan clan - has been described as a trial of the highest order in the country.
I am a bit baffled by the Greek government's proposals for a bailout.
London Underground (LU) workers have agreed to accept a pay and conditions deal with the Unite union, paving the way for a Night Tube.
The chairman of Swansea City youth football club has died at the age of 87.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Alexander and Airdrieonians goalkeeper Lee Gallacher on loan until the end of the season.
Bradford Bulls have been put up for sale.
A British soldier who was shot dead in Afghanistan has been named.
Fire crews have tackled 332 acres of wild fires in the Highlands since the start of the month.
The Queen's granddaughter-in-law has been named as the UK's most influential female leader.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Gary Higgins both won in the first round of the Scottish Open in Glasgow.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be involved in a charity that helps young people affected by HIV/Aids.
A planned strike by Tower Transit workers has been suspended.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Newcastle Falcons full-back Tyler Moore on a one-month loan deal.
Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has invested $2bn (£1.3bn) in Twitter, the company has announced.
More needs to be done to tackle sexism in sport, according to a survey commissioned by UK Sport.
A Dalek from Doctor Who is expected to fetch up to £1,000 at auction in London later.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won a legal battle with the club over a sponsorship deal.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal with the Troubles.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a block of flats in East Lothian.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has made its first routine flight in Africa since it was grounded in January.
A group of Pakistani graffiti artists have apologised to viewers of the US TV series Homeland after they were accused of subverting the show's portrayal of the region.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful racehorses, has retired from racing.
A pilot's union has lodged an appeal against a High Court decision not to hand over data from the Super Puma helicopter crash.
Who are the Conservative MPs in the North East who want more powers for the region?
Police are warning people to be "especially cautious and vigilant" after five people died in Caerphilly county.
Domino's Pizza Group has agreed to buy the German pizza chain Joey's Pizza in a deal worth up to A$1.6bn ($1.3bn; Â£1.2bn).
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a Bangor house.
A man has been charged with raping a teenage girl.
A former head of Venezuela's football federation has pleaded guilty to racketeering and money laundering charges in the US as part of an investigation into corruption at football's world governing body Fifa.
It's been a week of surprises for the Donald Trump campaign.
MPs have been hearing from eight women who had relationships with undercover police officers.
A British man who faked his own death in Syria has been charged with terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a tunnel.
There is a sense of unease among Conservative MPs about Theresa May's leadership contest.
The government has called for changes to the way the Football Association is run.
The Conservatives' manifesto for the general election is short on big policy announcements.
Bangladesh beat England by 10 wickets in the second Test in Dhaka to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that climate change is causing "substantial impacts" on society, human health and ecosystems.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has retired from rugby at the age of 28.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
The European Union is the world's biggest market for lamb, according to the Scottish Farmers' Union.
GPs in England are being paid millions of pounds to keep patients in hospital, a BBC investigation has found.
West Bromwich Albion midfielder Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has said he would not rule out continuing on the BBC Two show.
Bus users in Bristol have said they are concerned about the future of the city's new express bus service.
Andrew Davies has set a new world record in the shot put at the Diamond League meeting in Arizona.
It's one of the most unforgettable moments of the Rio Olympics.
When Doga Makiura set out to visit schools in Rwanda, he had no idea what he would achieve.
League One side Sheffield United have released midfielder Rob Baxter.
The Bank of England has announced that it is extending its Funding for Lending (FLS) scheme to the rest of the UK.
A Canadian woman has won more than C$1.5m (Â£1.2m) after buying a winning lottery ticket in Ontario.
Same-sex marriage is legal in Northern Ireland, a High Court judge has ruled.
A ram that switched on Ashbourne's Christmas Lights has been chosen as the mascot of a regiment.
Matt Parkin's second-half penalty gave Forest Green Rovers victory over Halifax Town in the National League.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was found with a knife in Herefordshire.
Pete Kennaugh has won the Tour de France for the first time in his career.
Eilish McColgan has been likened to a robot foot since she was a teenager.
Edinburgh prop Scott Dickinson says his side need to win all of their remaining Six Nations games if they are to secure a Premiership play-off place.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was the youngest victim of the 7/7 attacks.
It's one of the most talked-about things in the world - hip-hop.
Scottish Power has launched a new way of buying energy, which it says could help reduce gas and electricity bills.
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria to meet senior rebel commanders, the BBC understands.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time.
A teenager with a rare form of cancer has died at the age of 15.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown is to headline this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign has been launched to tackle underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi security forces have warned that clouds are preventing them from entering the city of Mosul, which has been held by so-called Islamic State (IS).
China's government has called for environmental protection to be a key plank of its five-year economic plan.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house hit by Japan's earthquake in August.
Media in Europe have reacted angrily to the election results in France and Greece.
Archaeologists have begun surveying a medieval abbey in Reading in an effort to find out more about King Henry I.
Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with the Sian Phillips award at the Welsh Television Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has said it will take disciplinary action against fans who shout homophobic abuse at goalkeepers.
The conflict in Syria has led to the destruction of ancient sites, including the ancient city of Palmyra.
Mae teulu o saith ffoadur o Syria wedi cael ei gael caniatâd gan Gyngor Sir Benfro.
World number one Roger Federer says he is "happy" to play Rafael Nadal at the US Open on Tuesday.
Australia's biggest winemaker, TWE, has rejected a new takeover offer from US private equity firm KKR.
Crusaders missed the chance to go top of the Irish Premiership as they were held to a draw by Coleraine.
Scientists in Norway say they have discovered a new type of meteorology that could explain the spectacular Krakatoa eruption in Indonesia.
How do you deal with cold calls?
Chilton says he thought of his former Marussia team-mate Luca Bianchi every lap before winning his first Indy Lights race.
Scientists have developed a mobile game that can help people with dementia navigate 3D environments.
The family of a missing airman have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty" over his disappearance.
Hundreds of Sports Direct workers have staged a protest against the company's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in Lambeth should be offered HIV testing on admission to hospital, according to new guidance from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence.
"I want to be a retail tycoon."
Lorry drivers are taking drugs to relieve the boredom of lengthy shifts, a BBC investigation has found.
It has been a week since the last of the last remaining rebels from the Syrian city of al-Wair were driven from their homes.
Mashkel is a small town in the north-western Pakistani province of Sistan-Balochistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 32 people to life in prison for spying for Iran, state media report.
League Two side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Ben Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man has become the first person to paddle the length of a river in the United States in a single day.
Labour MP David Slipper has resigned as Speaker of the Australian Parliament amid allegations of sexual harassment.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in tourism.
Thomas Ridgewell is a vlogger who makes millions of videos on YouTube.
The chief executive of Redrow has accused the industry of a "wall of bureaucracy" that prevents builders from building new homes.
England must focus on the positives after Saturday's Six Nations defeat by Wales, says fly-half Sam Hall.
When Laura Robson woke up in New York on Monday morning, she had no idea what she would do next.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of misconduct in public office.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Cricket Ireland are in talks with the West Indies over the vacant head coach position.
A £5.4m project to turn a Nottinghamshire town into a Civil War museum has been given the go-ahead.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's teenage loan deal until the end of the season.
Scotland's Laura Muir's attempt to break Laura McColgan's 5,000m world record will be ratified as official, British Athletics has confirmed.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites in the Ashes series.
Plans to convert a Grade II listed building in Cardiff into flats have been given the go-ahead.
More than 200 new minerals have been discovered in the past few hundred years, according to US scientists.
A 15-year-old Malaysian boy has been removed from the abdomen of his mother after he developed an "unexplained twin".
Scotland's best total of athletes at the World Championships has been confirmed by the national selectors.
A Lancashire school is being investigated by police after a Facebook user claimed to be planning a gun attack.
Police in Australia have arrested four Melbourne women suspected of travelling to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Mark Stoneman hit his first century of the season as Warwickshire beat Durham by six wickets at Edgbaston.
The UK could stay in the European Union after the referendum, the ratings agency Moody's has said.
David Warner's absence from the Ashes tour to England has been described as "unacceptable".
Thousands of retired firefighters in Wales are to receive compensation totalling £5.24m, the Welsh government has said.
Scientists have discovered how a cancer cell can move around freely without damaging its contents.
British number two Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the French Open with a straight-set win over Serbia's Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba, after a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Luton Town moved up to second in League Two with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
Microsoft has announced a new product called the Oculus Rift.
Qatar is one of the richest countries in the world, but it is struggling to feed itself.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Italy for the start of a five-day visit to France and Italy.
EastEnders fans have been reacting to the soap's decision to introduce an ethnic minority family to the city.
It's one of the most important crops in the UK - water.
The Conservatives have retained control of Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan is a veteran of the Troubles.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two-year deals.
A bus company which has been in administration for more than two months is to close with the loss of up to 40 jobs, transport bosses have said.
A man accused of murdering a woman with a hammer told a court he "lost it with her" when she was attacked with the weapon.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory over Brighton.
A man has admitted killing his wife after she went on holiday in Pakistan.
The Metropolitan Police cannot afford to have officers "think twice" about shooting people, the force's most senior officer has said.
A large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in West Yorkshire.
An MP has apologised for suggesting people with type 1 diabetes are more likely to develop the disease than obesity.
The story of Irene Nemirovsky, the author of Suite Francaise, is to be told in a new film.
A large fire at an industrial estate in Kent has been brought under control.
Spain's Rafael Nadal will play in the Aegon Championships warm-up event at Wimbledon in June.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying acid capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
Donald Trump's visit to the European Union was a very different story.
National League side Ravens have signed former Liverpool and England Under-21 international Alex Ngoo on a free transfer.
A large bushfire has broken out in the Australian state of New South Wales.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive at his home have said they are "very sorry" after new evidence emerged.
The number of new accounts opened in Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has risen by more than a third in the last two years, according to police.
A jigsaw puzzle that was created to raise money for children's wards in Norfolk has been lost after four pieces fell into a handbag.
A woman has been killed and an eight-year-old boy injured in a crash involving a car and a rally car at a rally in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners are to meet for the first time in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store in Powys has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
A BBC Northern Ireland investigation into the IRA has been named Scoop Of The Year at the Royal Television Society (RTS) Awards.
Croatia's Jewish community has protested against the government's decision to boycott a ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the death camp at Auschwitz.
Manchester United have signed Borussia Dortmund striker Adnan Januzaj on a season-long loan deal.
Hearts hope to raise £3m over the next five years thanks to fans' contributions.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is fit enough to return to action for the first time this season.
Saracens will play Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will play Exeter in the final.
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has paid tribute to her "funny and funny" son.
England women beat New Zealand 24-13 in their final warm-up match before the Women's Rugby World Cup.
A paraglider escaped unhurt when she was hit by a plane that was attempting to avoid her, a report has concluded.
Firefighters have been tackling a large wildfire near the border with the Republic of Ireland.
A former church bell-ringer has been jailed for 12 years after being convicted of sex offences against boys he had befriended on the internet.
When British indie band Oh Wonder released their first album, Body Gold, in September 2014, they had no idea they would go on to become a phenomenon.
Nursery staff in England referred an under-15 boy to the authorities after he made a spelling mistake and said a cucumber was a "cooker bomb".
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after two children were locked inside the boot of her car.
A man who was attacked by a group of "transgender" people on a platform at Aberdeen University has said he is "feeling better".
Qatar won the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history as they beat Ivory Coast 2-0 in their final match before the 2022 World Cup.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says progressing into the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a learning passport as part of a series of reforms aimed at improving standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his squad contains players who "don't think the aim is to win".
A man's body has been found at a recycling depot in Somerset.
UKIP's leadership contest will be announced on Wednesday at midday, the party has said.
Aberdeen have appointed former Scotland Under-21 international Paul Sheerin as their new manager.
The PSNI is to set up 26 mobile neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) in Northern Ireland.
Super Bowl-winning Philadelphia Eagles defensive player Kiko Polamalu has announced that he will retire from football at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a rugby player who was hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Judd Trump will face defending champion Scott Donaldson in the final of the World Championship on Sunday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Plans for a £1.5m refurbishment of a Denbighshire school have been submitted.
Rangers chief executive Craig Whyte has had charges against him dropped.
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Luton as they beat promotion-chasing Leeds United at Roots Hall.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offered a job as a charity worker.
League Two side Leyton Orient have appointed former Ipswich Town boss Gary Edwards as their new assistant manager.
A mother whose son was killed by a drink driver has called for the maximum sentence for careless driving to be increased.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint at a house in Londonderry.
England batsman Jason Roy says he "didn't care" when he saw the record for the highest one-day international score.
Wales hooker Ken Owens is used to being called "super sub" by his team-mates.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex won the toss and took control against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
A man who plotted to kill hundreds of people in a Manchester bomb attack was a "cold, calculated terrorist", police have said.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and its naval group are to be withdrawn from Syria, the defence ministry has said.
Rafael Nadal beat German teenager Alexander Zverev in straight sets to reach the last 16 of the Australian Open.
A man in Brazil has said he has found a large piece of debris floating on a riverbank.
A teenager has been jailed for five years for plotting to kill British soldiers.
A woman who was jailed for stalking a student has won an appeal against her sentence.
A woman has died and two others have been injured after a building collapsed in the Canary Islands.
St Johnstone were held to a draw by Lithuanian side FK Trakai in the Scottish League Cup.
Parents are calling for a cap on term-time holiday prices, saying they are being "penalised" by high demand.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot to decide whether to take industrial action.
Fulham have signed striker Emmanuel Cyriac from Dutch side Oostende on a season-long loan deal.
Donald Trump has been sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.
The German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, who was ordered to return hundreds of paintings looted by the Nazis, has died at the age of 83.
Transport giant Stagecoach has announced orders for more than 1,000 new buses and coaches.
Granada head coach Tony Adams has resigned after his side were beaten by Espanyol.
A man has died in a three-vehicle crash in Powys.
A new 50m swimming pool at Derby's Moorways Leisure Centre will cost £20m to build, the city council has announced.
A school has changed its name following the "unforeseen rise" of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): US stocks rose on Friday, helped by a rise in the price of gold.
One in five children in Africa has some form of hearing loss.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in Kent.
Andy Murray has pulled out of the Aegon Championships because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing coalition government has been formed after a dramatic election victory for the Social Democrats.
A literary society has called for the closure of Newport's Arthur Machen reference library.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new world record for the longest break in bagpipes.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death in west London.
Women should avoid travelling to areas with a high risk of malaria, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto with a "bold message" urging voters to vote for the party.
Labour has published a draft of its general election manifesto, which it says would be the most detailed in a generation.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she will not meet the Queen if she becomes the party's next leader.
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May, according to two recruitment agencies.
Brentford Blaze have signed American ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their debts to creditors.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of beheading his wife.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials in the capital Dhaka say.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who died in a car fire has appeared in court charged with his murder.
UN investigators say they are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals in Syria, ahead of a UN meeting on human rights.
A former Methodist minister hypnotised four boys to sexually abuse them, a court has heard.
The parents of a British man suspected of joining the so-called Islamic State group have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A ferry which was grounded on its second day in service following a fault has returned to service.
Plans for more than 500 homes and up to 400 new homes in Swansea Bay have been unveiled by the city council.
Thousands of people have taken part in protests against water bills in the Republic of Ireland.
Josh Taylor is a "phenomenal talent" who can win world titles, according to his trainer Shane McGuigan.
Archaeologists in South Africa have discovered a hoard of paint kits that they say were used to make jewellery and jewellery.
Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in the first three months of the year, compared with the same period last year.
Leeds could be transformed into a "motorway city" under plans being considered by the city council.
Abertay University has been named the best university in the world for its degree level qualifications in computer games development.
"Yes" was the slogan of the 2014 Scottish independence referendum.
A British man has been killed in Thailand, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Great Britain reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League with a 4-2 win over Argentina in London.
Huddersfield Town are hopeful of a return to action after missing the 1-1 draw with West Brom because of a hamstring injury.
A takeaway has been temporarily closed after a 21-year-old woman died from an allergic reaction to allergen.
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for two years for stealing more than £1m from her mother.
A Cardiff-based software firm has won a contract to operate online price comparison sites.
North Korea has fired artillery shells at targets near the South Korean capital, Seoul, in an apparent warning to the army.
Thousands of Afghans have taken part in a protest in Tehran against rising fuel prices.
A database of more than 390 trees and shrubs has been created to help urban planners understand the importance of trees.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out for the rest of the World Cup.
French justice minister Sylvie Goulard has resigned from the cabinet amid a row over fake jobs.
Steve Dillon, the British artist who drew the Punisher and Judge Dredd, has died at the age of 69.
Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler are one shot off the lead after the second round of the Masters at Augusta, Georgia.
New images of the bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres have been obtained by the Dawn spacecraft.
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving.
Pakistan's Foreign Minister Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum has said his country will join a Saudi-led coalition to fight terrorism.
Russia coach Volodymyr Slutsky has resigned after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been suspended for two matches after being accused of punching England's Joe Root.
Plans for a safari park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead.
A 15-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by gunmen in the Swat Valley, in the north-west of the country.
Scotland's former chief medical officer has been appointed to lead a review of health and social care targets.
A former doctor who defrauded a patient out of £10,000 by asking him to sign a cheque for money has been struck off.
A senior member of Bangladesh's main opposition party has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
James Wakely and Michael Keogh hit centuries as Northants beat Leicestershire by eight wickets at Chester-le-Street.
Three men from Pontypridd have been nominated for bravery awards at a ceremony in Cardiff.
A film about children from a Gwynedd orphanage has won best original screenplay at a foreign language film awards.
Ten people have been charged in connection with a slavery operation at a traveller site in Lincolnshire.
An Australian man has redecorated his Star Wars costume to make it look more like Darth Vader.
A look back at some of the biggest entertainment stories of the year.
Rangers have completed the signing of former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Gregor Dorrans on a three-year deal.
A lifeboat crew has been rescued after their craft became stranded in the sea off Portaferry.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run in Glasgow.
Divers are to be deployed to remove silt from a stretch of the Carnbroe Canal in North Lanarkshire.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fees in the wake of the #FeesMustFall protests.
The new series of BBC One's Atlantis has been given a makeover.
Black Friday is set to be the UK's busiest shopping day of the year, according to analysts.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of methane on Mars.
More than 100,000 children in England have been offered a place at one of their preferred schools this year, figures show.
A new exhibition of portraits of famous people has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend is three shots behind leader Tyrrell Hatton after the third round of the BMW PGA Championship.
A girl has been seriously injured after being bitten by a dog.
Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist who has used Lego to create portraits of dissident figures, is to use the toy to make a new work.
Renault's Danica Kubica says he is "lucky" to be able to drive in Formula 1 despite his injury.
Strictly Come Dancing stars Ola Jordan and Steve-O are joining the line-up for next year's Winter Olympics.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign former Derby County and Derby County defender Yohan Rherras and ex-Derby County striker Sammon.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has replaced Tony Abbott as the country's new prime minister.
More than half of children are checking their mobile phones before going to bed, according to a survey.
A Rolls-Royce owned by actress Diana Dors has sold for $3m (Â£2.5m) at auction in New York.
A man who tried to kill a takeaway worker with a single punch in a "grossly disproportionate" manner has been jailed for eight years.
A wildlife charity has launched a public consultation on the reintroduction of lynx to parts of the UK.
John Lewis has opened its new store in Edinburgh for the first time in 43 years.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Rhys Huws on loan until the end of the season and Middlesbrough midfielder Luke Samuel on a season-long loan.
Tributes have been paid to Fylde Ladies midfielder Zoe Tynan who has died after being hit by a train.
A Kenyan student has described how she and her fellow students were forced to hide in a wardrobe after being shot dead by gunmen.
A man who travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group has been jailed for five years.
A US commando force has captured a suspected chemical weapons expert in Iraq, according to reports.
The shortlist for the 2014 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award has been announced.
Harry Potter fans have been celebrating the news that Hermione Granger is to be portrayed as a black actress.
Celebrity Big Brother contestant Christopher Biggins has been removed from the show after making "offensive comments" about bisexual people.
The Danish health service has made a major change to how it treats cancer patients.
Residents in Gourock, in Inverclyde, have been told to leave their homes after an unexploded mine was found on the River Clyde.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino wants the 2022 World Cup to be held in two or three countries.
Worcester City have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
The bells of St Paul's Cathedral in London have been played for the first time in more than 100 years.
The former offices of Reading University are to be turned into apartments as part of a £1.5m redevelopment.
England fly-half Billy Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury.
Part of the Conwy Valley line between Conwy and Anglesey has been closed due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a night out.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
At least six whales have died after beingached on a beach in the Belgian city of La Rochelle.
A hospital in Greater Manchester is planning to set up a park-and-ride scheme to improve parking conditions.
Eurotunnel has apologised for the inconvenience caused by delays at its Channel Tunnel terminal.
India has seen a sharp drop in the number of women opting out of the workforce in recent years.
Leicester defender Craig Shakespeare is expected to be fit for Saturday's Premier League game at Stoke.
A County Antrim MLA has lost a defamation case against a schoolgirl who accused him of harassing her on Facebook.
Pupils at a primary school which has been closed amid a teachers' strike are to return to school on Thursday.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Andy Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 final.
A man has been arrested after a pedestrian was killed in a crash on the M4 in Somerset.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
French actress Jean-Marie Lebeau, best known for her role in Casablanca in World War Two, has died at the age of 87.
Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a muscle injury.
A second round of voting in Argentina's presidential election has ended without a result.
The England one-day team will travel to Bangladesh for the first time since the Bangladesh attack in July.
Hundreds of thousands of government employees' emails and passwords have been hacked, according to a security firm.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he will work "positively" with the Scottish and Welsh governments as the UK prepares to leave the EU.
Dundee Stars head coach Paul LeFebvre says the EIHL final was a "dream start".
Welsh lifter Hannah Smith has been named in the Great Britain squad for the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool are interested in signing Ecuador defender Alberto Moreno on a season-long loan.
The architect behind Dundee's new museum has said he is "very happy" with the progress of the project.
Hundreds of people have held a rally in the Italian resort of Venice to protest against rising rents.
Two men have been jailed for dumping fly-tipped rubbish in a Lancashire town.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Scottish Chamber of Commerce (SCC) has said it is exploring opportunities for Scottish businesses in China.
When Hong Kong's pro-democracy activist Yau Yau was elected to parliament last year, she was the first person to win a seat.
Marcus Rashford scored twice as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are preparing to tighten their internet laws in an attempt to curb cyber crime.
Campaigners have called for a "complete rethink" of the way referendums are conducted after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Jo Cox considers the significance of the Welsh general election.
Johanna Konta says she has "a lot of room to grow" after reaching the Wimbledon quarter-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande on a three-year deal.
Thousands of homes in Leeds have been told to conserve water after a water supply problem.
A children's Christmas attraction at a golf resort in Somerset has been forced to close after a backer dropped out.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been formally asked to become an MEP.
Ghana's health ministry has reversed its decision to end its bond scheme for nurses to work abroad.
A man whose brother was trampled to death by cows has called for better protection on footpaths.
Comedian Bill Bailey has apologised after his tour bus was stolen from the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the biggest moment of his career.
Asian shares were mixed on Monday despite a better-than-expected economic growth report from Japan.
Australia's biggest oil and gas producer, Woodside Petroleum, has reported a rise in half-year profits, helped by higher realised prices.
If you are a small business, you may not know that your online customer data has been compromised.
A new code of practice for police stopping and searching members of the public has been published by the Scottish government.
Rail passengers faced delays and cancellations on the Borders to Edinburgh line after a power cut.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has said it is "completely off-the-scale" to have so many players tested positive for performance enhancing drugs.
Pope Francis has condemned the "first genocide of the 20th Century" in Armenia, saying it was like "a wound to keep bleeding".
Lance Armstrong's public admission that he took performance-enhancing drugs last year has left many questioning whether the American has changed.
Would you pay £5 to have one of these pint cups thrown at you at Glastonbury?
A new search and rescue helicopter has been launched at Inverness Base.
Cardiff City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were available for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has voted to censure Prime Minister Victor Grindeanu for failing to tackle corruption.
Sky has admitted that some of its broadband customers in the north of England have been experiencing slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under scrutiny after a man was shot dead by a member of the security team.
A drug used to treat a rare form of leukaemia has shown no side-effects after a year, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who died after being stabbed in Australia have said they are "devastated" by his death.
Atletico Madrid's Luis Suarez says there is fear that Barcelona will be knocked out of the Champions League if they fail to reach the semi-finals.
A Northern Ireland film-maker is hoping to join the growing film industry in the United States.
Two men have been arrested after police seized drugs worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) in Londonderry.
Jeremy Corbyn is one of the most outspoken and outspoken Labour MPs in recent years.
The midlands of the Republic of Ireland have been a blight on the local economy for decades.
Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a British warship in France.
The government has rejected Labour's call for local authorities to restrict the growth of fixed-odds betting machines.
Ethiopians are mourning the retirement of one of the country's most famous athletes.
If you want to know who Japan's richest man is, you might want to ask Hideki Kita.
Luis Suarez's four-month ban for biting a player has been lifted by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Celtic have signed Lithuania international defender Tomas Sernas on a season-long loan deal.
US Soccer has announced plans to introduce new rules for children heading footballs in the country.
US media giant 21st Century Fox has made a £11.25bn takeover bid for Sky, according to Reuters' calculations.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
A man has been threatened with a knife and robbed at knifepoint by two masked men at a post office in Glasgow.
More than 2,000 teenagers have taken part in the Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor.
Stormont's finance committee opens an inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to a "gentle giant" who died after getting into difficulty in the sea at a Gwynedd beauty spot.
A 56-year-old man has been reported to prosecutors over allegations of sexual assault at a school in Fife.
Former Newcastle United player N'Golo Cisse has paid tribute to the former Ivory Coast international Tiote at his funeral.
Asian shares were mixed on Monday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election.
Blackberry has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year, after the launch of its latest smartphone.
Oil and gas services firm Proserv has won two contract wins in the North Sea.
A pay rise "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in the course of this Parliament to ensure an adequate supply of good teachers for schools, the Standards Board has said.
The number of people turning out to vote in the European elections has risen to its highest level since the 1950s.
Mae cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe, yn ôl adroddiad yng Nghymru, wedi cael ei ddefnyddio am blaen am y dechnoleg.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not hold a referendum on a council tax rise after a majority of residents said no.
The United Nations has called for a quota on US corn production to be suspended.
The shape of a beer glass can make it harder to pace yourself, according to a new study.
League Two side Colchester United have signed defender James Dugdale on a two-year deal and defender Luke Cole on a one-year contract.
Kickstarter has been accused of fraudulently raising more than $7m (Â£4.7m) in pledges.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has heard that the youngest victim received shrapnel from his body.
The latest NHS strike in England has been described as the biggest in the country's history.
A Mississippi man is suing a funeral home for allegedly discriminating against gay people.
Nottingham's caves are to be opened to the public in a virtual reality tour.
A baby who died after being left in a car in Australia suffered a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered a gene that makes it easier for cancer to spread to the lungs.
England's Katherine Brunt took three wickets as Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League for the first time in their history.
The SNP has won a majority of seats on the Scottish council, according to the Daily Record.
An MP is appealing for help to save the home of British artist Helen Bell, whose photographic archive has been destroyed.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK.
Cladding used on Grenfell Tower has failed to meet fire safety targets, the prime minister has said.
North Korea has launched a new alcoholic drink, which it claims can cure the hangover.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Keith Richards says there is "far more to come" from his side in the Premiership, despite their poor start to the season.
The father of a six-year-old boy who was left alone on a bus in Powys has said he is "shocked" by the incident.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of exaggerating the impact of the Paris climate agreement on global temperatures.
An Army reservist died after collapsing on a training exercise in the heat, an inquest has heard.
Google is developing a way to detect cancer in the blood, as part of a major medical research project.
Ghana coach Avram Grant says he has no problem with criticism from his players.
League One side Morecambe have signed defender Ryan Edwards on a season-long loan from League Two rivals Shrewsbury Town.
A carer who stole more than £100,000 from a vulnerable elderly carer has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said he is "overwhelmingly in favour" of a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest that police failed to investigate her disappearance because they were unaware of her many convictions.
More than one million over-65s in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report says.
A woman has been convicted of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in Glasgow city centre.
At least 36 people have been killed in a Saudi-led coalition air strike on a rebel-held military base in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, officials say.
A motion of no confidence in the Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Micheál Frazer has been passed by the Irish parliament.
Jonathan Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Rally Championship to seven points with victory in the final race of the season.
The US military says it has granted a release order to 37 Afghan prisoners it says are linked to bomb attacks.
Ben Affleck has won the Directors Guild of America (DGA) award for his film Argo, which is nominated for best picture at the Oscars.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence says it has begun an operation to "rid" the country's border territories of Islamist militants.
Tributes have been paid to former Wales rugby star Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in a street attack.
Great Britain's Adam Latham won bronze in the men's keirin at the World Track Cycling Championships.
Ospreys will defend their Pro12 title against Cardiff Blues at Twickenham on Saturday.
Actress Helen Chancellor is to star in a TV adaptation of Jane Austen's best-selling novels.
Joseph Clark, who was killed in the Hillsborough disaster, was a football enthusiast from Liverpool.
Three teenagers have admitted stealing a machete from a taxi driver.
Jodie Taylor scored her first goal for England as they beat the Netherlands to reach the quarter-finals of Euro 2017.
Bath have signed Newport Gwent Dragons prop Jonny Evans on a two-year deal.
Britain's Paul Thomson has finished third in the Men's Triathlon in New Zealand.
The Australian Greens party has filed a motion to condemn US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug".
Olympic gold medallists Vanessa Redgrave and Chris Hoy are among the stars who will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio Games.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has agreed to cover the cost of the grounding of a drilling rig.
Kent has been hit by a series of problems caused by strikes and migrants - but how do you solve them?
A man who died after being shot in Cardiff has been named by police.
Eoin Morgan's men's World Twenty20 final victory over West Indies ended England's hopes of a third title in four years.
The South African spy agency, Coetzee, has died at the age of 83.
Six people have been charged over the Hillsborough disaster, including former police chief Peter Duckenfield.
Archaeologists have uncovered artefacts from the construction of a new road in Inverness.
In the centre of the German city of Bavaria, there is a sense of calm.
The Workers Party has criticised the BBC's decision not to broadcast its candidates in the general election.
A van used by WWE star Chris Mayweather was set alight when it was set on fire.
A three-year-old girl has been injured after a vapouriser exploded on a train in the US state of Florida, police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in central London.
The number of people with severe vision problems in the developing world is set to double in the coming decades, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Wednesday's 1-0 friendly win over Nigeria in Warsaw will give him confidence ahead of the next friendly.
A man who was caught with a fake gun near a Worthing primary school has been jailed.
Thousands of people have gathered in London to clean up the graves of Polish people buried in the UK since the country voted to leave the European Union.
New rules on how broadband adverts are advertised have come into force.
A Post Office worker has been seriously injured in a "vicious" robbery in the Borders.
The prospect of Northern Ireland devolving corporation tax to the private sector is "gravely concerning", a business group has said.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed, damaging a funicular railway and a public toilet block.
Leyton Orient striker Lee Williams has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have retained all of their seats in Dorset and Dorset in the general election.
Councillors have approved budget cuts for Dumfries and Galloway Council.
The death of Liam Fee was the result of a "break in contact" between social services and his nursery, a court has heard.
President Donald Trump has signed into law a ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries entering the US.
The Australian government has announced plans to strip citizenship from those convicted of terrorism-related offences.
Soldiers who refused to stand up during a protest at a training exercise in the Brecon Beacons have been jailed.
A man has been seriously injured in a "completely unprovoked" attack in a Glasgow pub.
Rock star Kevin Hart has revealed he is releasing a new album featuring chicken nuggets and long walks in the park.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open third round for the first time with a straight-set win over Dan Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from professional football.
Wigan Athletic have signed defender Ryan Dunkley from Oxford United on a two-year deal.
The vast majority of the world’s open ocean is unregulated.
A decision on whether to prosecute the driver of the Glasgow bin lorry which crashed into the Millennium Hotel will be made on Monday.
The DUP's Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the party over his alleged links to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
A review of the performance of the police control room service in Dumfries has found it has performed "to the satisfaction of the public".
The Scottish government is exploring the possibility of extending the Borders Railway to Carlisle.
A legal challenge has been launched against a wind farm in Conwy county which was given the go-ahead to run overhead cables.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is as good for the club as Leicester's Jamie Vardy.
A group of miniature sheep sculptures have been installed in the Lake District to celebrate the return of the A591.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 1-0 defeat by Spain in their Euro 2016 qualifier was a "mistake".
An early copy of a Byzantine gold coin has been found in Norfolk.
A UKIP donor has accused the party of being run like a squash club committee after his membership was suspended.
Plans to improve Cardiff's transport system have been unveiled.
A County Londonderry woman and her father have become the first female umpires in Northern Ireland.
A woman who was raped and sexually abused at a Calderdale care home has staged a protest at the council's social services offices.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead in a Dublin car park.
A "zombie" caterpillar has been found hanging from a branch of a tree in a Lancashire field.
A "cold, calculating, predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for eight years for raping and sexually abusing children.
Brentford moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a hard-fought win at bottom side Bolton.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" police are now looking seriously at the car he was last seen in.
Alex Davies' unbeaten century helped Derbyshire build a strong lead over Lancashire on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over DR Congo.
Eight Aston Villa fans and seven Leicester fans have been arrested after a fight at the Premier League match.
All photographs by William Lockeyear.
Michael Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford beat Widnes to move into the Super League play-offs.
Sony Pictures has been at the centre of a major cyber-attack.
A 22-year-old man who killed a woman at a Newport hotel was planning to serve his entire sentence, a court heard.
People with chronic illnesses are at greater risk of losing hope and their sense of identity, a study has found.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has suspended six Russian athletes for failing drugs tests.
Australia's biggest bank is to set aside another £500m to compensate customers for the mis-selling of its Clydesdale loan portfolio.
A zebra has died after being shot at a golf course in Japan.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a hospital in Aberdeen.
Police in the French capital, Paris, have apologised to the victims of the Paris attacks, who were shot dead by a gunman.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the implications of Nigeria's plan to introduce a polygraph test for new police officers.
A rare Adolf Hitler Mein Kampf book is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged a former governor of state-run oil company Petrobras with corruption.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Paul Rachubka on a two-year deal.
The UK and Jamaica have agreed a £1bn deal to build a new prison for foreign criminals.
Bangladesh's central bank has been accused of failing to protect itself from hackers who stole $81m (Â£65m) from its central bank.
Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on a season-long loan deal.
Aberdeen winger Jonny Foster was confronted by a Rangers fan in the early hours of Saturday morning.
A major engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Angus.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Murray in the first round of Wimbledon.
Universities in England are now advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit, the government has announced.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died following an incident in a pub.
Mae cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy wedi cael ei gymeradwyo gostio £425m ond mae Llywodraeth Cymru.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with a comfortable win over Norwich.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero will miss Sunday's derby against Manchester United because of his suspension.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says his 1,000th Premier League game at Stoke City will be his "one thousandth".
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from international cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their leading strikers for Wednesday's Champions League third-round tie against Rosenborg.
A review of Dumfries and Galloway's major festivals and events strategy has found it has "generally met its objectives".
The number of inmates killed and more than 100 injured at a prison in Staffordshire has been "significantly increased", according to the prison watchdog.
Ulster captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland coach.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on the Isle of Lewis for this year's Clay Carving Championships.
A leading mosque board has called for more training for teachers in madrassas after a teacher was found guilty of abusing pupils.
It has been described as the "spinning presses" of politics.
The energy regulator Ofgem has urged consumers to switch to standard variable tariffs in the face of falling costs.
Drake has been announced as one of the headline acts for this year's Lulworth Festival.
St Helens prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking Newcastle prop Scott Lawson with his forearm.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Kensington is the "richest ward in the whole country" in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
The founder of the Bitcoin virtual currency has announced that he is to stop developing the currency.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash with a lorry in Lancashire.
A group of Saudi Arabian girls have won a prestigious international competition in the US.
Ospreys secured their first Pro12 win of the season with a bonus-point victory over Benetton Treviso.
A "significant risk" of black ice has been issued over Christmas, the Met Office has warned.
Sir Elton John has revealed he has been diagnosed with an abscess on his appendix.
The battle between Apple and the US government over encryption keys was one of the most complex in the history of cryptography.
When Deutsche Bank published its forecast for the general election in May, it said that the outcome would be "better than the possible consequence of a Conservative led government".
Activity in the US manufacturing sector slowed in June, according to a closely watched survey.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Hugh Kinsella Cunningham visits the Democratic Republic of Congo to meet some of the Congolese boxers hoping to follow in Muhammad Ali's footsteps.
The Dorney leisure centre in Camden is a busy place full of visitors.
The BBC's Homelessness show is taking place this week and we want to know what you think about it.
Aer Lingus has announced it is cancelling all its summer flights between London and Paris.
At least two people have been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Izmir.
British singer-songwriter Barbara Windsor has died at the age of 72.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in north London on Saturday.
Portadown will hope to avoid relegation from the Irish Premiership when they take on Ballinamallard United on Saturday.
Cyber-thieves are active in the conflict in eastern Ukraine, hacking into the websites of pro-Ukrainian activists and pro-Russian activists.
A Dundee man has been jailed for two years after admitting possessing a range of weapons at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel is in advanced talks to sell its Scunthorpe business to a private equity firm.
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon, finishing two shots off the lead.
The transport system for London's Olympic Stadium has been hit by a series of problems.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, but shares in Dixons Carphone rose after it reported better-than-expected profits.
Violence in England and Wales has reached a six-year high, according to new figures.
Land managers have been urged to help dog walkers avoid damaging livestock and wildlife.
A cancer survivor is visiting the US to encourage more people to become bone marrow donors.
The budget for 2017/18 is likely to be the last one that the Welsh Government has to make before the assembly election.
A house has been damaged after a lorry crashed into a house.
England prop Cian Healy has been ruled out of the rest of the British and Irish Lions' tour of Australia with an ankle injury.
For years, the US has been accused of stealing billions of dollars from Malaysia's state investment fund, 1MDB.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in Govanhill.
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
A youth unemployment scheme in Wales has been temporarily closed in a bid to boost the economy.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Belfast in support of women's rights.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a park.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland is to be held by the Scottish government.
The family of a woman who was taken to hospital because of a shortage of patients have criticised the hospital's handling of the situation.
The European Parliament has accused France's far-right National Front (FN) of defrauding MEPs out of €1m (£1.2m; $1.1m).
Migrant workers will be exempt from the new £35,000 pay threshold for settlement in the UK under new government plans.
Britannia has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 consecutive years.
London Underground (LU) has rejected claims by the Aslef union that it has been told it will not be able to introduce all-night services.
The world's oldest artillery fort is to open to the public for the first time in more than 100 years.
More than 30 people have been rescued from floodwater in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
The European Union has said it is in talks with Turkey over a plan to return migrants to the EU.
The UK has warned its citizens of the dangers of travelling to the US because of new laws in North Carolina and Mississippi that allow transgender people to use public bathrooms.
Gillingham chairman Alan Scally has said the club's future is in doubt after they announced plans to move to a lower ground.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in west Belfast.
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a hard-fought victory at Derby County.
The best way to get a piece of paper into a bin is to throw it with the human arm, according to a new study.
Warwickshire have extended the contracts of all three of their players, including all-rounder Ben Thornton, from the end of the 2017 season.
The Vote Leave campaign has launched a competition to win £50m (about £350m a week) from the European Union.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow across much of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he would be surprised if there was a big exodus of players following the club's promotion to the Scottish Championship.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has said he will not be replaced by Sepp Blatter.
More than a third of men in the UK are diagnosed with a form of meningitis.
Sky has dropped darts pundit Eric Bristow after he suggested that footballers were "tough guys" and paedophiles were "wimps".
Two people have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC has unveiled plans for a "new, open BBC" that it says will help "make Britain the greatest cultural force in the world".
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported a surge in sales, helped by a strong winter.
Forest Green Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on a season-long loan from National League rivals Rochdale.
A Turkish court has ordered the trial of 20 people accused of causing a deadly coal mine disaster.
The UK-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria says it has detected missiles capable of bringing down a British aircraft.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6-4 6-2 win over Bruno Soares and Aljaz Bedene.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court after a security alert at a London Tube station led to the evacuation of the station.
A court in India has sentenced 10 policemen to death for the murder of a group of Sikh men in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh 25 years ago.
Chinese schools are "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are", says a leading academic.
Ministers are considering a shake-up of executive pay in a bid to boost public trust in business.
A former shipbuilder has said he hopes to double the number of jobs at one of Scotland's largest shipyards.
Police investigating the murder of a teenager in Greater Manchester more than 30 years ago have released new CCTV footage of her last known movements.
The family of a teenage girl who died in a crash have paid tribute to their "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister".
The chair of the Northern Ireland States Board has resigned following a vote to allow the department to overspend.
Former Netherlands boss Guus Hiddink has been appointed as Chelsea's new manager on a two-year contract.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson reached the final of the Australian Open with a 6-3 6-2 win over the Chan family in Melbourne.
Australia produced a ruthless display to beat New Zealand and win the Tri-Nations for the first time.
A popular surfing attraction in Conwy county has been forced to close for the winter because of a fault.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed building from fire.
The vice chancellor of Oxford University has warned that universities must do more to tackle radicalisation and extremism.
The Lego Movie has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle.
Three senior staff at Dumfries and Galloway Council have left the authority.
World number one Lydia Ko is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Women's US Open.
BT has appointed Joe Garner as its new chief executive, the company has announced.
Kilmarnock have signed Callum Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Concerns have been raised over plans to merge two schools in Gwynedd.
A man has been jailed for 11 years for his part in a gang smuggling firearms into the UK from the Netherlands.
The New Horizons probe is preparing to make its first flyby of Pluto.
Wasps have signed England fly-half Danny Cipriani on a two-year deal.
The government has given the go-ahead for a Chinese investment in the UK's first nuclear power station since the UK voted to leave the EU.
Grimsby Town came from behind to beat Aldershot Town and boost their National League play-off hopes.
McDonald's Japan says it will stop serving French fries until the end of the year.
Cambridge University have signed Wales and England fly-half George Roberts for Saturday's Six Nations match against Oxford.
Judges in England and Wales could be able to jail rapists who film and distribute their abuse to others under new guidelines.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year contract.
Austria's new president has said he will not lead the country into opposition if certain criteria are met.
Twelve years ago, Jordan Spieth was offered the chance to play golf for the first time in his life, with the help of a pair of golf clubs.
Millions of people who failed to renew their tax credits on time are being urged to take action now.
Bolton Wanderers have submitted a shortlist of three candidates for the vacant manager's job at the Championship club.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Lee Johnston says his side's two wins in two days was a good opportunity to make it a four-point weekend.
The world's largest container ship has docked in Suffolk for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a six-wicket win over Gloucestershire at Cardiff.
Councils have called on the government to protect a levy on soft drinks from being used to boost school funding.
Land Rover has unveiled a new version of its iconic Defender vehicle.
Southampton manager Claude Puel wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
US paint and coatings giant PPG has rejected its latest bid to buy Akzo Nobel.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 5-1 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
The world's largest humanitarian organisation has warned that it will run out of food supplies in Yemen "very soon".
United Airlines has halted its Belfast to Newark air route.
South Africa coach David Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for their failure to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Wikipedia has launched a new Russian edition of its website.
When Ben Fearon retired from athletics at the end of last season, he had no desire to return to the sport.
Stuart Boyd has backed the idea of Scottish football playing in the United States.
Four men have been arrested after a mother and daughter were killed in a crash in Oldham.
League Two side Wrexham have signed Southampton midfielder Ryan Gape on a season-long loan deal.
An eight-year-old boy who ran a children's 100m race without his walking frame has been named Yorkshire's Sportsman of the Year.
Media coverage of climate change has dropped sharply since the Copenhagen talks in 2007, according to a BBC investigation.
Former England captain David Ginola has launched his bid to become Fifa's next president, saying he will be on the ballot "for the long haul".
Former world champion Laura Doherty has been drawn against Laura Evans in the second round of qualifying for the World Championship at the Crucible.
It is not every day you get a chance to bowl against an England legend.
Burkina Faso coach Oscar Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Gabon next month.
A police officer who used a Taser on a man who was threatening to set himself alight has told an inquest he only fired because he feared he was going to start himself up in flames.
Southern rail has rejected an offer from the RMT union in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Firefighters in northern California are continuing to battle a series of devastating wildfires that have swept through the town of Middletown.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Paul Watson following a poor run of form.
A woman abducted in California last week had a "message" branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
A community group has launched a bid to reopen a historic swimming pool in Reading.
It's been a busy week in the world of emoji.
Tributes have been paid to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister" who died after being hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Paul Hadwin missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a final-round three-over-par 66.
An Orange Order group is planning to stage a protest parade in north Belfast on Friday evening.
A sapling planted by the suffragettes has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Scott Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling at the age of 31.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has been "fantastic" since his return to the England squad.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station has been fully operational for the first time in more than a decade.
A coroner has said he will write to the Department of Health about the safety of patients at weekends.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
A Royal Navy dockyard has been placed under special measures after a worker received a dose of radiation.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against Adam Adams' red card against Blackburn Rovers.
A mother and her two-year-old son have been found dead at a house in west London.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for a national ban on bringing animals on to hospital wards.
A campaign by the charity Beat has called for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives.
The UK's top diplomat has told the BBC that leaving the European Union would be bad for business.
Irish police have arrested a man in the Republic of Ireland in connection with the London terror attack.
Welsh teachers' pay will be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced.
Two teenagers have been seriously injured in a two-car crash in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a permanent Jewish exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
More Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales than in any other UK jurisdiction in the past three months.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of running and running events in Windsor.
A Norwegian soldier has died after his car collided with a tank during a military exercise in the north of the country, officials say.
At a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, where at least 188 people were killed by suicide bombers on Friday, there is a palpable sense of anger.
Italian police have seized more than 1m euros (£1.3m; $1.2m) from a notorious fraudster.
Two Swiss men have been sentenced to caning in Singapore for vandalising a train.
Plans to improve the beauty of Snowdonia's mountains have been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian government airbase, saying it is "strongly condemn" the attack.
The Belfast Giants will play their first game of the 2017-18 Elite League season in a pre-season friendly.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organisation.
A memorial service has been held in Camden to mark the completion of the £1bn HS2 rail line.
Chris Stevens hit a century as Kent beat Essex by eight wickets to secure a first-innings lead in the One-Day Cup.
The leader of Lebanon's main Shia Muslim movement, Hezbollah, has said he is willing to help the Syrian army.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said that a second independence referendum is likely to be held in 2018.
A large fire has broken out at a house on the outskirts of Bristol.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Cameras are to be installed in Pembrokeshire to help police investigate complaints against officers.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to complete 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson believes Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he joined Celtic.
A woman arrested on suspicion of assault has died in hospital.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Argentina in the Six Nations.
A Japanese father who left his five-year-old son alone for six days has said he forgives him.
A man who was caught driving at more than four times the drink-drive limit has been given a community payback order.
The owners of a Denbighshire hospital will have to pay more than £1m after a public inquiry into its condition was dismissed.
Israeli police have suspended a Palestinian man after a video emerged of a policeman kicking a lorry driver in the head.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, says Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
An advertising agency has been criticised for asking "sexy and attractive" women to work for it for up to £50,000 a year.
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real man, a survey for the Church of England suggests.
The graves of four young girls killed in an explosion in Wrexham during World War One have been forgotten for more than 100 years.
The daughter of former peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse against him as an "absolute outrage".
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies in Florida and Ohio.
People who read regularly as children are more likely to improve their vocabulary than those who do not read newspapers, a study suggests.
National League side Lincoln City have re-signed defender Ryan Davis on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Justice Secretary Philip Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Aid workers in Vanuatu have reached the worst-affected areas of the country since Cyclone Pam hit the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a Kurdish woman in the German city of Hannover.
Goals from Ben Roberts and Tom Fletcher helped Barnsley to a comfortable win over Coventry City in League One.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor start to the season was down to a lack of confidence.
When Kanu Gandhi first moved to India in 1938, he was living in a remote village in the western state of Gujarat.
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
Workers at a telecommunications company in Torfaen have been left "devastated" by the closure of its offices.
A mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape has resigned.
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
Cyclists have been banned from riding through Mansfield Market in a row over a council's decision to host the Tour of Britain.
A group of Syrian refugees who escaped from police custody in Leipzig have been hailed as "heroes" by German politicians for their bravery.
The average wealth of UK adults aged 45-54 has risen by more than a third since the financial crisis, according to a new report.
The left-wing Podemos party has launched its manifesto in the run-up to Spain's general election.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of raping a woman at a railway station.
Two things have come out of the CEO of BP.
More than 60 pupils have been sent home from a Lancashire school for failing to wear proper uniforms.
Bollywood star Sanjay Bhansali is to direct a film on the Indian boxer Mary Kom, whose life has been affected by ethnic tensions in north-eastern India.
The completion date for the £1.35bn Forth Crossing project has been changed by six months.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
The villagers of Wukan in south-eastern China are demanding the release of their former leader, Lin Zuluan.
"Greatest election day of my life."
A company that makes washing machines for the NHS in Kent has been awarded a £1.5m funding boost.
US President Barack Obama has criticised the UK's intervention in Libya, saying there is "room for criticism".
The conviction of an IRA man who was shot dead by police in Belfast 32 years ago has been referred to the Court of Appeal.
North Korea has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government, state media report.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas from Scottish Premiership rivals Dundee United for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions moved up to fourth in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Salford Red Devils.
Actress Jaime Winstone is to reprise her role as Dame Barbara Babs in a BBC One biopic of her life.
Militinous soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Bouaké, in the north-eastern city of Abidjan, officials say.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to end a tax on feminine hygiene products.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the government is "turning a corner" in the recovery of the UK economy.
It's not every day that you get a chance to meet the leaders of the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the next assembly term.
Plans for a new £1bn school in Sheffield have been approved despite objections from campaigners.
The price of Scottish pork has fallen by 18% in the last year, according to a trade union.
There are plenty of people making goods that you can buy online, but most of them are made in the factories that make them.
A gang of thieves who stole power cables worth more than £1m have been jailed for eight years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail for throwing eggs at a neighbour's home in Los Angeles.
The education system in Scotland has changed dramatically since the 1960s.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens hooker Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Sir Rod Temperton, who wrote many of Michael Jackson's hits, has died.
Sussex's Katie Taylor has been ruled out of England's one-day and Twenty20 series against Pakistan in June.
Nathaniel Zohore scored his first goal for Cardiff City as they beat Burton Albion at the Pirelli Stadium.
A man has denied causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bus in Greater Manchester.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on three major motorways in Scotland as part of a £1.5bn project to improve safety.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten century as England's batsmen struggled on the second day of the second Test against South Africa at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is a sport that has been around for many years, but now it is being played in Scotland.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
Ospreys captain Duncan Jones says it is "disappointing" the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has not signed a new contract with the Welsh region.
Retailer nurseries are being squeezed out of the UK garden market by supermarkets, according to broadcaster Monty Don.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued after getting into difficulty while diving off the coast of Oban.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that he tried to save his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp before paramedics arrived at the scene.
Police in Israel have raided the homes of several travel agencies and frozen bank accounts in an investigation into alleged price-fixing for high school students visiting Holocaust memorials.
Bradford came from behind to draw with Oldham in League One.
Nice have signed former Netherlands captain Gerard Sneijder for an undisclosed fee.
Dover came from behind to beat Chester 3-1 in the National League.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest in Falmouth against plans to build more student accommodation.
A three-year project to upgrade key parts of Scotland's motorway network has begun.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter, a Wrexham police chief has said.
Ed Miliband has urged voters in Scotland not to "gamble" on the SNP as he launched his election campaign.
The number of weddings held in Gretna has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old son has told police she fears she will be "taken away".
Councillors in Haverfordwest have voted in favour of a second consultation on the future of two Welsh medium schools.
There's been a big rise in the number of children needing hospital treatment in the UK.
A Cardiff boy who was left with facial scars after being attacked by his neighbour's dog has been awarded £1.5m in compensation.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the latest figures from the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
The owner of a castle in Powys where a flag from the Battle of the Somme is believed to have been flown by Admiral Nelson has said it is "most likely" it was passed on to him.
A British student who claimed he was tortured into signing a confession has been jailed for five years in the United Arab Emirates.
Police have been given the all-clear to hand over tapes of a former loyalist who gave evidence to the European Court of Human Rights.
Russia's Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test.
Antonio Antonio scored twice as Watford came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest.
Wales is "more important than ever" to spread the message of unity and peace over Christmas, the first minister has said.
The PGA Tour could be forced to change its anti-doping policy if it fails to meet Olympic standards.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to have an account pretending to be you?
CCTV footage has been released of the Sydney cafe siege in which a man was killed by police, an inquest has heard.
Four Royal Navy frigates have been sold to a ship recycler in a deal worth more than £3m.
Salford Red Devils have signed Tonga international Tyrone McCarthy from Wolves for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln.
Syria has agreed to destroy its chemical weapons stockpile by mid-2014, the UN's chemical weapons watchdog has said.
Drugs could help treat cystic fibrosis early in life, say doctors.
A bookshop dubbed one of the best in the world is facing a £5,000 bill to repair its crumbling walls.
The Ulster Unionist Party (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland.
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over plans to give English MPs more say over laws affecting England.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments about a missing Fife toddler on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
The president of Cyprus is due to address the country's parliament after agreeing a bailout deal with eurozone leaders.
Two climbers from St Kilda have climbed to the summit of two of the islands' highest cliffs.
A traffic camera on a Cardiff road is catching more than 13,000 speeding drivers a day, according to figures obtained by BBC Wales.
The inquests into the deaths of 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been adjourned until November, the Coroner's Court has heard.
The Department of Transport (DRD) has been ordered to pay compensation to a company that failed to secure a contract for a new dual carriageway.
Mae adeiladu arena ddigidol a chanolfan gynhadledd i'r ffordd wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu aml lawr newydd a gwesty 13 llawr.
A Nottinghamshire doctor who was jailed for five years for wounding patients has had his jail term increased.
Two disabled people have lost a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their benefits.
David Cameron and the SNP have clashed over the government's approach to tax in the Commons.
Gunmen have opened fire in the German city of Friedrich-Stoltze, close to the main police station.
The Northern Ireland Teachers' Council has rejected an offer of a 1% pay rise from the Department of Education and its employers.
More than half of nurseries and childminders say they will not offer free childcare under a government scheme, a survey suggests.
Scientists have discovered that flamingos stand proud while having a doze.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in west Belfast.
The RMT union has agreed a deal with London Underground over pay and conditions for its Night Tube service.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones has begun a cycle race across the UK in a bid to raise awareness of missing children.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of insulting the president, her lawyer says.
Two RNLI lifeboats have been launched following a reported sighting of a man on the River Severn in Broughty Ferry.
Plans for a £1bn shopping and leisure complex have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Latin American countries have expressed concern after Venezuela's Supreme Court ruled that the opposition-controlled National Assembly was unconstitutional.
Councils in Wales should be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh Government has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a park in Carmarthenshire.
Scotland's two busiest airports have reported their best-ever January passenger numbers, according to new figures.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is at a "tense juncture".
There was a moment in Brussels on Monday when Europe's finance ministers appeared to be on the verge of a crisis.
Two people have appeared in court in Zimbabwe charged with illegally hunting a lion.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from duty after they were involved in a confrontation with a group of protesters at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax.
The Conservatives have won the Cheshire seat of Tatton, which was held by Labour.
At least 11 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says.
A bus has crashed into a wall and came to rest against a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water.
A "very dangerous" man has been jailed for life for the murder of an escort who was found dead in her flat.
Scotland has missed its target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2020, according to new figures.
How Welsh was King Arthur?
The HS2 high-speed rail project will cause a "huge" number of weekend closures in the next five years, a transport group has warned.
A lorry driver who killed a mother and her unborn baby in a crash has been jailed for eight years.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his work practices.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set alight in a house fire.
A tree office is to be built in east London.
Australia's new prime minister has dropped knights and dames from the country's honours system.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 24-24 on Sunday to win the Super Bowl for the first time in their history.
A Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film has said it was a "dream come true".
Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Matej Benedicic on a season-long loan deal.
A construction worker has described a £1m arts and innovation centre in north Wales as a "mess".
We arrived at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon in the early hours of the morning.
The parents of a teenager who was killed by a schizophrenic have said they will not be able to keep the charity going past its 16th anniversary.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Kilkeel, County Antrim.
An Orange Order parade has been held in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast.
Shares in Anheuser-Busch InBev have risen after the brewer raised its offer for rival SABMiller.
A humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted off Australia's east coast.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government faces "tough choices" over its spending plans.
A court in Denmark has sentenced a former journalist to 18 months in jail for leaking information about the country's royal family.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Andrew has had his six-match ban for violent conduct cut to three games by the Football Association.
Nottinghamshire have signed former England batsman James Taylor on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Former Manchester United midfielder Nani says he is "very confident" Valencia will have better results despite their relegation from La Liga.
England manager Sam Allardyce is concerned about the future of goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Matt O'Shea's second-half goal helped Spire claim a vital win over Port Vale in League One.
China's imports fell in September to their lowest level in more than two years, according to official figures.
A Conservative peer has been found guilty of making malicious comments about immigration campaigner Michelle Miller on Facebook.
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by more than 3% in the year to September, according to new figures.
A majority of Scottish businesses believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to a Fraser of Allander survey.
Manchester United will be without captain Wayne Rooney, who has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
France's centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over social and economic reforms in a televised debate.
Doting fathers are more likely to affect children's cognitive development, a study suggests.
The government has said it will honour its pledge to fund free school meals for all infants.
Pembrokeshire council has been asked to reduce the number of black bags being collected in the city.
A California man has been jailed for 16 years for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A non-league football club has become the first in the country to stop selling animal products.
League Two side Raith Rovers have signed former Falkirk defender Michael van Zanten on a two-year contract.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi-finals with a straight-set win over unseeded American Venus Williams.
MSPs have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull boss Marco Silva has made no changes to the side that lost to Lincoln in the FA Cup.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of an Australian airman who served in Bomber Command during World War One.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson won gold in the long jump at the British Indoor Championships in London.
A survivor of the terror attack on a train in Brussels has described how staff tried to save him and other passengers.
One of the world's rarest tortoises has died at the age of 90.
The USA women's football team will be honoured in a parade in New York on Wednesday.
The funeral of two Irish boys who were found dead in a car in County Mayo has taken place.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years and eight months for sexually assaulting a young girl on his mobile phone.
Plans for a new post-16 education centre in Torfaen have been approved by councillors.
Rare photographs of the Dambusters during World War Two have been sold at auction.
Chocolate eggs are being used to celebrate Wimbledon, according to a Scottish butcher.
West Bromwich Albion boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino should have done better in Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Aston Villa.
A Russian conductor has performed in the Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time since Islamic State (IS) militants seized the ancient city in July.
The Metropolitan Opera has pulled out of a planned performance of an opera about the hijacking of a Palestinian cruise ship because of anti-Semitism.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says the club needs to improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Premiership.
The UK has abandoned its leadership on climate change, a UN climate change expert has warned.
Japanese scientist Yuriko Arai says her robot can read and write better than any other robot.
A rebel group in Syria says it has killed the pilot of a Syrian military jet that crashed in the country on Sunday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is in talks with Toulon over the vacant head coach's job.
The voice of Kermit the Frog is to leave the Muppets after more than 30 years.
Police investigating the death of a 17-year-old boy in Larkhall have said they believe the answer to his death lies within the community.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach in the Western Isles.
A driver who killed a teenager in a crash while over the drink-drive limit has been jailed for eight years.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says his side can turn around their poor start to the Super League season.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to remove defender Mikael Lustig from the squad.
A house in Londonderry has been damaged in two separate attacks.
Labour and the Welsh Conservatives are to launch their Welsh election manifesto in London on Thursday.
A swan which was shot in the head with a bow and arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild.
Non-formal and in-work education is to be regulated by the Welsh Council for Voluntary Youth Services.
Human rights group Amnesty International has condemned reports that Saudi Arabia is preparing to put to death dozens of people.
Bristol Rovers have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A group of zebras escaped from a zebra crossing in Quebec, Canada, on Friday.
Four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff ledge in the Skye.
The Crown Office has said there is insufficient evidence to prosecute a Dundee West MP over his involvement in a fire engine campaign.
The Conservatives are the only party in a position to secure an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure can boost mental health and increase understanding of our own identities, a report says.
Silverstone's owners have triggered a break clause in their contract to keep the British Grand Prix on the calendar, says former Formula 1 driver Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in north Wales has installed a high-definition weather camera in a bid to improve its operations.
United Airlines has become the latest technology company to offer hackers a million flight miles in exchange for reporting security flaws.
Michael Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Scientists have discovered that angry faces make horses' heart rates speed up quicker than happy ones.
Police in north Wales have carried out more than 100 breath tests as part of a campaign to reduce deaths on the roads.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in an Edinburgh street.
Carlos Charles scored the only goal of the game as Atletico Madrid beat La Liga leaders Barcelona to go top of La Liga.
Ben Davies scored twice as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
Finance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are not concerned about their Premier League title challenge.
A drug that reduces the risk of HIV infection in Wales is to be made available on the NHS, the Welsh Government has announced.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
More than £1.1bn was spent on social housing in Wales in 2014/15, according to a new report.
More than 300 Transport for London (TfL) staff have been hired for the launch of the Night Tube, the network has said.
Firefighters have been dealing with a major blaze at a dockyard in Cardiff.
The police inquiry into historical child abuse in Wales should be scrapped and replaced with a stronger one, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
Young people from ethnic minority backgrounds are the most likely to apply to university, according to figures from the Universities College of England (Ucas).
Hull KR came from behind to beat Halifax in the Challenge Cup.
A three-month-old baby who died of sepsis could have survived if he had been in hospital, an inquest has heard.
A six-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her disabled twin brother at a new park.
The granddaughter of a woman murdered by the INLA has criticised paramilitary activity at her grandmother's funeral.
The organisers of JogScotland Fife have said they are "devastated" after the Scottish government pulled funding for the programme.
The DUP Alliance's Gavin Robinson is facing an uphill battle to win East Belfast back for unionism.
A Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about an argument at the gates of Downing Street.
Actress Gemma Arterton is to star in a musical version of the 1968 film Made in Dagenham.
England's second innings in the second Test in Visakhapatnam was a nightmare to watch.
Two sheep farmers have been jailed for their part in the theft of more than 100 animals.
The Greek prime minister has said that the "vicious circle of militarisation" between the EU and US is "not productive".
Team Sky chief executive Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he handled the controversy over his use of a banned drug.
A Russian journalist has been found stabbed to death in his home city of St Petersburg.
In the early hours of the morning of 26 September 1986, the crew of Pan Am Flight 73 were preparing for take-off from Karachi airport.
Police forces in England and Wales are being "chipped away" by a "conscious form of rationing", a watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in two of the UK's biggest energy companies falling.
Two teenagers have been charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a Canadian teenager.
Olympic bronze medallist Adam Bevan says he is still hopeful of competing at the Rio Games despite breaking his leg.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in North Lanarkshire.
A search is under way for a man who has gone missing after going for a run in Powys.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said he brought a "Black and Decker" to his side's 1-0 defeat by West Ham in the Premier League.
The UN envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile ceasefire in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae angen cofio am newidiadau posib yng Ngogledd Iwerddon, yn ôl Plaid Cymru.
Fly-half George North says the British and Irish Lions are ready to "kick on" in New Zealand despite missing the first two matches of their tour.
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found in Sheffield.
A video of England's World Cup winning football team has been released after the original release was shelved because of Alzheimer's disease.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school for allegedly insulting Islam.
A number of environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been told their funding has been cut.
Indian food is one of the most sought-after in the country.
Equiniti has been awarded a contract to help the Passport Office meet the growing demand for flexible working.
The parents of two teenagers who went missing off the coast of Florida say they hope they will be found alive.
A storm named Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the institution is doing "everything in its power" to prevent violence.
Plans to redevelop Bristol City's Ashton Gate stadium have been given the go-ahead.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how the Liberal Democrats have fared in local elections.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has said he will "taste" his time at Goodison Park "forever" after being sacked by the club.
Newport County have signed former Falkirk and Bristol City striker Chris Compton and ex-AFC Wimbledon winger Ryan Rigg.
As Wales prepare for the Euro 2016 finals in France, BBC Sport looks at some of the key players who have played for the country in the past.
A bridge in the Italian city of Rome has been broken apart in a bid to stop people attaching padlocks to it.
A British man has been arrested in India on suspicion of plotting the murder of his friend.
Garry Ringrose is the new Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears performed her first live show in more than a decade at London's Roundhouse on Saturday night.
Glenurquhart were held to a 1-1 draw by Skye in the MacTavish Cup at The Dell on Saturday.
Online news site Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£70,000) in damages after a video of Hulk Hogan having sex with a friend was posted online.
SDLP MLA Gerry Mallon has backed Seamus Eastwood in the race to become the party's next leader.
It is almost a year since the Malaysia Airlines plane crash that killed 298 people.
Pablo Picasso's painting La Gommeuse has become the most expensive painting ever sold at auction.
Drug discovery is one of the world's most important scientific fields.
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in the Euro 2016 quarter-finals in Brazil, with Nani's late strike proving enough to give them a 2-1 win.
A five-year-old girl died after falling into a pool at a hotel in Lancashire, an inquest has heard.
A Pakistani man has been charged with murder after a child was dragged to death by a donkey.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says the Ice Hockey League play-offs are the "hardest thing to win".
A number of mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed following an outbreak of flu.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to reveal details of how they have signed 51 players since 2013.
James Commons says he has no plans to leave Celtic after his loan spell at Hibernian ended.
More than 562,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30mph zone in a Leicestershire village, a campaign group has claimed.
French energy giant EDF has reported a €1.2bn (£1.1bn) fall in profits for the three months to the end of March, compared with €1bn a year earlier.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan says he is "trying different things" in snooker as he seeks a place in the world's top 10.
The BBC has signed a new three-year deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations.
When Steven Gerrard announced his retirement from Anfield on Monday night, Liverpool's fans reacted with a mixture of anger and relief.
The government has said it will honour its promise to provide additional funding for legacy investigations.
Spain's Catalonia region is facing a crucial test in its bid to become an independent state.
A decision on whether to allow a developer to build on a former airfield site in Guildford has been delayed.
A County Londonderry search and rescue group is to receive a £30,000 boost from a £5m funding package.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled in the city.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable is returning to work after being cleared of gross misconduct.
Fifa has refused to allow England and Scotland's players to wear poppies on their shirts.
Venezuela's defence ministry has confirmed that a distress call from a helicopter that crashed in the country on Friday has been answered.
The body of a woman who has been missing for more than a month has been found in Wirral, police have said.
Keaton Jennings hit his first County Championship century of the season to help Somerset take control against Durham at Taunton.
Newcastle United have been banned from using the club's ground as a venue for a legal challenge against a tax fraud investigation.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast has called on the government and the assembly to support them in their fight against budget cuts.
League One side Blackpool have signed former York City and Blackburn Rovers defender Ryan Moore on a one-year deal.
A petition calling for a direct elected mayor for Bath has been rejected by the council.
A body found in a river in the Malaysian city of Kuala Lumpur has been confirmed as that of a missing police officer.
Detectives investigating the murders of a woman and her boyfriend at a flat in west London have renewed their appeal for witnesses.
England women's coach Heather Powell says her side's 3-0 win over Japan in their opening match at the Women's World Cup can help them reach the quarter-finals.
Thousands of people have attended a memorial service for King William of Orange in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Wakefield Wolves winger Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The US says it now estimates that the Islamic State (IS) group has about 10,000 fighters in its ranks.
A new herbal mead could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upset on a Sunday night, a Cardiff university professor has said.
The European Commission has opened a "pilot case" to determine whether Northern Ireland's water bills should be charged.
A memorial has been unveiled to commemorate a World War One soldier who died in Eastbourne.
A leading mental health expert has been appointed a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side AFC Wimbledon have signed former Cherries and Portsmouth midfielder David Hollands on a two-year contract.
Voters in Colombia go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
Former world number one Phil Simpson has been knocked out of the World Squash Championship in Dubai.
James Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical and move into the Premiership's top four.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student who was found dead in a burning car.
Gordon Ramsay said he had no doubts that he could win The Open at Castle Stuart.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has branded the UK government's plan for a customs union with the EU as "nonsense and ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the Night Tube service will be introduced, after talks broke down.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital after inspectors raised concerns about staffing levels.
Sri Lanka has rejected calls for a UN-led inquiry into alleged war crimes during the country's civil war.
Paralysed Scottish athlete Sarah Butterfield set a new European record in the women's F51 throw at the European Championships in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there can be no veto on Wales' involvement in talks.
A growing number of counterfeit malaria drugs are killing millions of people every year, a study suggests.
At least nine people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes.
Teachers at a Birmingham school are staging a second strike in a row over their relationship with the Bright Tribe Trust.
The US states of Maryland and Virginia have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business ties with foreign governments.
A police force has defended its use of a detention centre for convicted criminals.
Two academies in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping a five-month-old baby in Shrewsbury.
Rangers have signed former Leeds United and Leeds United midfielder Matty Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has said she likes Doctor Who and Agatha Christie.
Australia says it is "a step closer" to exporting live cattle to China, after signing a deal with the country's agriculture minister.
Police searching for an RAF serviceman who went missing after a night out in Bury St Edmunds have appealed for three teenagers to come forward.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been sent off for an elbow in the face of a West Ham defender.
Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng will be placed on the grave of Dinamo Bucharest if his side win the Europa League final, the club has said.
Mainland media in China are largely muted on the first day of Bo Xilai's corruption trial.
A man who has cerebral palsy has said he will not be able to walk on his own if he loses his job.
Guernsey's public relations agency spent just over £1.1m on advertising in the past year, according to official figures.
British trampolining champion Jessica Bryony has won a medal at the Rio Olympics.
Former shadow home secretary Owen Smith has entered the contest to be Labour's next leader.
A priest is to stand trial accused of abusing pupils in Inverness.
The daughter of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to open a library in Birmingham to celebrate her achievements in education.
A top Russian prison service official has been arrested over the theft of a road for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has unanimously approved the deployment of more than 200 police officers to Burundi in a bid to prevent further violence.
A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a lorry while on duty.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Leyton Orient beat Luton Town in League Two.
Olympic gold medallist Jade Barker says British Cycling needs to do more to improve its riders' wellbeing following the World Championships in Hong Kong.
Toyota has agreed to fund the development of a flying car that could be used to light the Olympic flame.
A 90-year-old woman who has been expelled from the UK is appealing against the government's decision.
The prime minister has said he will consider a challenge to the government's plans to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Widnes Vikings rugby league player Chrisickle is expected to make a "complete recovery" following an assault at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire utility firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telehandler.
Algeria have completed the signing of Algeria international striker Abdelhakimbolhi on a free transfer.
A community group has called on a council to delay the sale of a former school site in Ceredigion.
Colchester United missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Cornish City manager Lee Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" in the National League.
A company has been fined £120 after a photographer was caught on camera moving a Ferrari outside its London headquarters.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the role of motorbike drivers in Tanzania.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, helped by a rise in construction shares.
Women are more likely to ask for a pay rise than men, a study in Australia suggests.
Police are appealing for information after a man was sexually assaulted on a train in Northumberland.
More than 100 soldiers have been contacted by police investigating the Bloody Sunday massacre.
Mae BBC Cymru wedi colli dau gymeriad yn ymwneud â ffrwydro o fewn tanc Challenger yn ôl y ddau.
A court in Sri Lanka has sentenced a former vice-president to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Huddersfield Town defender Ryan Lawless on a two-year contract.
One of Wales' largest visitor centres has been told its core grant funding is to be cut.
A teenage passenger who jumped from a plane at San Francisco Airport and ran into the air has been arrested, police say.
Police investigating the murder of a woman whose body was found in Edinburgh have said they have "no evidence of criminality".
Five British children have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria.
Irish road racer Franck Petricola has died in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A petition calling for a ban on menstruating women entering Hindu temples has gone viral on social media.
A woman died after eating a sorbet on holiday in Greece, an inquest has heard.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to have sex with her has been jailed for ten years.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen to its highest level since records began, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
Formula 1 is the world's most competitive sport, but what about the drivers who make the most of it?
Police are investigating after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after crashing in a crash on stage two.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first title at the Moroccan Open.
A 15-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen for the first time in five years.
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
The first episode of Doctor Who, An Unearthly Child, will be broadcast in November to mark the 50th anniversary of the show's first series.
Three rockets have hit the Israeli city of Eilat, near the Red Sea, killing at least one person.
It's been more than 50 years since the first book I read was published in Australia.
The Gulf War, the first Gulf War since the end of World War Two, may be viewed with a mixture of pride and dismay.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the French capital, Paris, to protest against what they say is a neo-Nazi takeover of the city.
Wales and Ospreys fly-half Jonny Hook has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out about being fat-shamed on set.
Plans for a new power station in Norwich have been backed by the city council.
Andy Murray says he is not nervous about getting married.
ITV drama Broadchurch is to return for a final series, the network has announced.
As the world celebrates the centenary of one of its most important expeditions, many of the Doonhamers are celebrating the occasion.
The chief executive of a troubled NHS trust has stepped down amid concerns over waiting times.
A new road junction in Plymouth is to be fitted with temporary traffic lights after a rise in collisions.
Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition politician who was assassinated last year, has published a dossier on the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
In Dumfries prison, inmates are given the freedom of their cells.
John Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner in Derry, County Londonderry.
A haul of more than 100,000 cigarettes and tobacco has been seized in Lincoln.
Thousands of people turned out for the 70th anniversary of Edinburgh's Hogmanay Street Party.
The evacuation of the German city of Augsburg is due to begin on Sunday after a World War Two bomb was found in Koblenz.
A new fossil has shed light on the evolution of a group of land-based vertebrates that live on land.
The number of GPs in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures have shown.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the future of public policy.
A speedboat crash in the Solent was caused by a failure to carry out a safety test run, a report has found.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in France probably made a sharp turn as he tried to right the plane, an inquest has heard.
UK Secretary of State John Kerry has said the UK is "not prepared" for the conflict in Syria.
Prof Stephen Hawking is to deliver the first BBC Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in deficit, according to the government's response to a question on school funding.
Airport workers in Chile have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
Police in Copenhagen have arrested the owner of a submarine accused of killing a woman on board.
Energy firms are being asked to limit the time they can charge customers for back-billing their gas and electricity bills, according to Citizens Advice.
A public inquiry into the death of a boy in a Glasgow cemetery has heard that hundreds of gravestones were laid flat because of safety concerns.
For decades, the image of James Bond has been synonymous with crime.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex have re-appointed Brendon McCullum as their Twenty20 captain on a two-year deal.
China's Baosteel, the world's second-largest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with its biggest rival, ArcelorMittal, in a deal that would create the country's second largest steelmaker.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was right to make a big decision in Saturday's FA Cup final.
In 1947, India and Pakistan became independent.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Egypt came from behind to beat Egypt's Ahly 2-1 in the first leg of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Rabat.
Ed Sheeran has announced that he will not be touring this year.
A boy with severe cerebral palsy is to receive a £2.3m payout from the NHS and the ambulance service after a legal battle.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "responsible" for his side's 4-1 Champions League defeat by Sevilla.
Schools in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been hit by a spate of cheating by parents and relatives.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by five runs in the second Test in Melbourne.
The discovery of a drug that kills the first stage of the roundworm parasite has been hailed as a major breakthrough in the fight against malaria.
German industrial giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their bids for French engineering giant Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has returned to action for the first time since being diagnosed with cancer.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £200,000 in damages to a blogger who sued it for defamation.
St James' Palace won the Irish Derby at Aintree on Saturday.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
England came from behind to beat the Netherlands 6-6 at Wembley and secure a place in Euro 2016's last 16.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has called on fans to "get behind" his side after their recent poor form.
Northern Ireland fans are used to seeing their teams play each other on the pitch, but there is a shared history between the two teams.
A man has been seriously injured in a two-car crash in West Lothian.
Libya's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has been rejected by the country's football governing body.
Thousands of people have taken part in the London Marathon.
When Lily James first stepped on to the big screen to play a zombie in a Jane Austen classic, she was "a bit cynical" about the idea.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for next month's European Championships.
Dundee manager Mark Hughes praised his goalkeeper after his side came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A fire which broke out on the set of soap opera EastEnders has been extinguished, the BBC has said.
India's Paralympians who won medals at the London 2012 Games have been praised by the country's media.
A social worker who viewed pornography on more than 1,000 occasions has been sacked.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as manager of Chelsea for the second time in his career.
A 35-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick.
Sunderland's Adam Johnson will not play for the club again this weekend after being charged with child sex offences.
A man has been jailed for three years for tax evasion.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has left the authority after voters were turned away from polling stations on election day.
A woman who baked a Land Rover birthday cake in the shape of an engine has said she is getting married in October.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised to the owner of a website which appeared on the website of the party's election campaign.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£3.3m) fine to settle a tax fraud case over the signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
Two US senators have called for tighter gun control laws following the mass shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the UK are "very low", according to a report commissioned by the government.
The Statue of Liberty has been evacuated in the US city of Cincinnati after a suspicious package was found near lockers.
Fianna Fail's Simon Cowen has apologised for his "hoarseness" in an interview with the Republic of Ireland's television network RTE.
League One side Edinburgh City have signed striker Frank Herd and striker Chris Nouble on two-year deals.
Tottenham are "a long way down the path" of reaching an agreement with Chelsea to play home games at Wembley, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the most popular holiday foods in the Caribbean.
UK industrial production fell by 0.3% in March compared with a year earlier, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an independent investigation into the shooting of civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
Many people are struggling to keep their finances in order, according to a new report.
Families of the Birmingham Six who died in the Bloody Sunday pub bombings have been urged to apply for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has declined an offer of a state funeral for former cricketer Richie Benaud.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House has said.
The body of missing Inverness teenager James Mitchell has been found in the River Tay.
Average house prices in the UK rose by more than expected in the year to November, according to the Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray produced a superb display to beat Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios and reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a rule in Scottish football to make the game better.
A man's body has been found after a fire at a house in Reading.
An 18-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a student at a residential school in India, police say.
Coldplay and the band The Bandstand Marathon were among the stars of the closing ceremony of the London 2012 Festival on Sunday.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Lamott considers the rise of mobile phones and the use of fag breaks.
Iran is committed to giving up its nuclear programme, Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have questioned the financial management of Scotland's largest health board.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France, killing at least one person.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls who was abducted in north-east Nigeria has been found alive, the Nigerian military says.
UEFA has set up a portal for Northern Ireland fans to buy tickets for next month's Euro 2016 finals.
A record 33 Scots will represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics, according to Sportscotland.
The director of Human Rights Watch has accused the Iranian authorities of "increasing levels of intimidation".
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has called for a military operation to protect an endangered elephant species in northern Mali.
The Royal Welsh is to unveil its new colours at a ceremony in Cardiff later this month.
Ukraine's youngest ever deputy interior minister has been subjected to a torrent of criticism on social media.
A former mental health trust worker has accused the Ministry of Justice of being "dangerous" by treating inmates with "unmet needs".
Stuart McGinn says Falkirk's poor form in the Championship has been an "order" rather than an excuse.
Since the murder of teenager Ian Lawrences in 1993, police officers have been involved in a steady stream of allegations against them.
Telefonica and Hutchison are taking legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator over its decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum.
Mexican election officials say the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is on course to win a third consecutive term.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched at Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard.
A lack of A-level results can be devastating for any student.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Wednesday as oil prices continued to fall.
David Cameron will have to step down at some point during the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers 2013.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", has been sacked by King Abdullah.
Tesco has agreed to sell its Fresh & Easy brand to a private equity firm in the US.
A Cardiff-based health board has appointed a new chief executive to deal with its Â£31m deficit.
Former Rangers midfielder Dean Shiels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has collaborated with Paul McCartney on her new single, Four Five Seconds.
Baltimore's police chief is to step down after more than a year in the job, the city's mayor has said.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug isotretinoin, which can be used to treat acne, is at its highest level in a decade, figures show.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the Shining Path drug group.
A man who died in a crash during the CarFest music festival has been named by police.
The US has confirmed that Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a drone strike.
US President Donald Trump is to announce his decision on whether to withdraw 8,400 troops from Afghanistan on Sunday.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Tuesday, helped by a rise in the value of the pound.
When Ricky Burns returned to the ring after a six-year absence, it was a time to reflect on his career.
Myanmar's military says it has disciplined more than 1,000 villagers and soldiers for their involvement in a crackdown on the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are being "at the heart of the criminal justice system", the country's most senior police and crime commissioner has said.
An Australian author has been surprised after receiving an email saying she had won the prestigious Windham-Campbell prize.
A 102-year-old German woman who was refused entry to a doctoral exam by the Nazis has finally received her PhD.
Stoke City have signed Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A 32-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The number of homes being repossessed by landlords in the second quarter of the year has fallen, according to new figures.
The Conservatives have won the seat of Bridgend-on-Tees for the first time.
Leicestershire County Council is facing a crisis in its local government funding system.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the County Championship's new chairman.
A travel company has announced it is to stop offering trips to zoos in the UK.
Lionel Richie has announced he will perform at the Las Vegas Motor Show next year.
Anglers should be banned from fishing at a country park after a swan was injured by a carp in its mouth, a wildlife charity has said.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand was a fantastic one.
A vigilante paedophile hunter group has been criticised by Kent Police for undermining its own investigation.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side's 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth has given them "breathing space" in the Premier League.
Firefighters have been tackling a large fire at a recycling plant in Conwy county.
Highland Council is seeking quotes for repairs after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae cwest yn Aberystwyth wedi ei gweld yn fyw am y tro diwethaf am tua 19:00 ar 21 Rhagfyr, yn ôl cyfnod y Nadolig.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the Elite League club.
Moeen Ali hit a half-century as England took control of the second Test against West Indies at Headingley.
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch "turned a blind eye" to phone hacking, a report by MPs has concluded.
A couple who lost their three-year-old daughter and her husband to cancer have spoken of their shock at the outpouring of support.
A new Southern rail strike is set to start in January, the union representing train drivers has said.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in East Lothian has been discharged.
Sweden is considering scrapping its standard 40-hour week, after a pilot scheme that saw staff work longer hours and cut sick leave.
Ineos Grangemouth has reopened its ethylene cracker plant, which has been closed since 2008.
League One side Notts County have signed Crystal Palace defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby girl who was diagnosed with a rare form of leukaemia have made a fundraising appeal.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back David Eckersley on a two-year contract.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has unveiled a timetable to end the country's worst nuclear disaster since World War II.
Tata Steel is preparing to submit a bid for its Port Talbot and Scunthorpe plants, the company has confirmed.
The Vatican has yet to confirm the nomination of a gay French diplomat to be its next ambassador to the country.
Rangers beat Celtic 6-6 on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
A mother and her boyfriend have pleaded not guilty to the murder of her two-year-old son.
The daughter of Paul Walker, who died in a Porsche crash in California, is suing the carmaker, according to reports.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has visited survivors of Tuesday's deadly explosions at a fireworks market in the north of the country.
Scientists say they have made a "significant leap forward" in the quest to develop a universal flu jab.
A review into the timing of inquests into the deaths of civilians in Northern Ireland has begun.
More than 100,000 people have died in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake in South East Asia.
The prime minister is "open to different ways" of dealing with the issue of EU migrants' entitlement to benefits, the government has said.
The world premiere of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been met with mixed reviews.
Prisoners are being held in "inhumane" conditions, according to a watchdog.
Ivanka Trump has become the first daughter of US President Donald Trump to be appointed to the White House.
A village pub which was put up for sale after a community group raised more than £300,000 has been bought by its new owners.
Civil rights group the Movement for Black Lives has asked Facebook to clarify its policy on removing racist content.
What would the M4 Black Route do for Wales?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the European Road Championships in Germany.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was pleased with his side's performance in their 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their unbeaten start to the Women's Super League One season with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament is debating a bill that would give the police greater powers to target protesters.
A campaign has been launched to stop work on a derelict apartment in Chelsea being turned into a maintenance stairwell.
It is easy to forget that football is not as central to American life as it is to European or South American life.
Lego, the world's biggest Lego maker, has come under fire in China for its controversial artwork Ai Weiwei.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in an investigation into alleged match-fixing in football.
A report into the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales is to be published later this year, the health commissioner has said.
In 2013, Northern Ireland's peace process hit a new low.
Birmingham City have signed Birmingham City defender Ryan Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it wants to increase the number of tablets in schools.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who has been missing for more than a week.
Prisoners at a "worse" jail are feeling unsafe, a report has found.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, but denied reports that it has killed any Russian soldiers.
Police in Phoenix, Arizona, have charged a man with 16 counts of murder after he was linked to the deaths of eight other people.
Iran is not the only country in the Middle East to be affected by the conflict in Syria.
A small trial in children with peanut allergy has shown a significant improvement in their ability to tolerate peanuts.
Michael Gove and Theresa May have clashed over how to tackle extremism after a letter appeared on the Home Office website.
Mead is a drink long associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect major disruption to their journeys as work to remove part of the historic Winchburgh tunnel begins.
The wife of a British tourist killed in the Tunisia terror attack has paid tribute to her husband.
A body has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second election before Christmas would be a "shambles".
A nature reserve in Somerset has reopened to the public after being closed for redevelopment.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been given a four-match touchline ban after being charged with an elbow in the face of Tottenham's Arter.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has long been criticised for its lack of independence.
A Dorset military museum is to receive £1.5m to help it celebrate the centenary of World War One.
Moussa Dembele says he is enjoying his time at Celtic despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat Rangers.
A police investigation into the murder of Peter Tobin has been scaled back.
Billy Root hit an unbeaten century as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A Muslim teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been refused entry to the United States by security staff during a school trip.
Two men have gone on trial accused of funding a British man to fight for so-called Islamic State in Syria.
Plans to introduce a single percentage of affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a report has concluded.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat Hoffenheim and keep their Bundesliga title hopes alive.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a mountain in Anglesey.
Scott Halkett's late header gave Rangers victory over Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated their signed shirts to a football club in memory of a Paralympian who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A vulnerable man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after he was threatened with a knife during a robbery at a bus stop.
Matt Parkin scored a stoppage-time winner as Cheltenham came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers.
Anthony Watson will be fit for England's Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Cape Town to take a 2-1 lead in the two-match series.
Firefighters have been called out to tackle flooding in Southend.
When Sian Elizabeth Seifert decided to take part in a national beauty pageant in the Philippines, she had no idea what she would become.
Ebbsfleet scored two late goals to snatch a 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said there will be no more joint military exercises with the US next year.
There is "every likelihood" of a vote in the Welsh Assembly on triggering Article 50, the UK government has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton in the Premier League.
A former BBC presenter has apologised for suggesting that a ship should be named HMS "Boaty McBoatface".
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
A senior civil servant has been appointed to advise the mayor of London on the security of the capital.
A handwritten note signed by a German general declaring the end of World War Two has been sold at auction for £1,000.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary.
A British man has gone missing after getting into difficulty in the Black Sea.
Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
The number of victims of child sexual abuse in the South West has "outstripped" the number of people receiving specialist support, a charity has said.
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano on suspicion of match-fixing.
"I'm looking for any signs of arthritis," says the vet who takes Daisy the sheep.
Nigel Farage has predicted the UK will hold a referendum on EU membership in February.
For more than half a century, the United States has been a global power.
Parma have failed to reach an agreement with two of the country's richest men to sell the club.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of telling a woman to "go into the bushes" at a campaign rally.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack have been announced as the new hosts of The X Factor.
The mother of a man killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has signed a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced.
A fire at a toy factory in Doncaster has forced the closure of a railway line.
A British backpacker has been found unconscious on a train in Thailand, police have said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock fears his side are "going to limp over the line" in their Championship relegation battle.
Manchester City defender Samir Nasri is recovering from a thigh injury and is expected to be fit in the next two weeks, says manager Pep Guardiola.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol 4-0 on their debut in La Liga.
Nana Akufo-Addo has won Ghana's presidential election.
Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have been protesting against the government of President Robert Mugabe in the capital, Harare.
Chelsea have won the Premier League title for the first time in their history.
At least 12 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a suspected gas explosion in southern Spain.
A man accused of conspiring to smuggle horsemeat into the UK through his company has told a London court he was involved in a plot to pass it off as beef.
India is set to become the first country in the world to introduce a unique biometric identity system.
Google searches on Google and other webmail services could be intercepted by UK spy agencies, the government has revealed.
Northern Ireland's Jonathan Evans won the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) for the second year in a row, finishing second behind team-mate Pascal Ogier.
Syria's government and rebel groups have agreed to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas in a bid to end months of violence.
A bubble tea firm that was criticised for not paying staff the minimum wage has said it will change its training policy.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps and move to the top of the table.
A judge in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the shooting of a man accused of being part of a gang.
Three Labour AMs have backed Yvette Cooper in the race to be the party's next leader, the party has announced.
There is a "growing concern" that divisions on a range of big questions are widening and exacerbating tensions in our society, the UK's human rights watchdog has said.
All photographs by Joseph Fox.
The number of people with mental health problems attending A&E units in England has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has voted to ban The Sun from shops across the city.
A man who killed a five-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol have been lifted following a review by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has urged people to "act fearfully" in the wake of the Brussels terror attacks.
A US warship has been hit by two missiles fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, the US military says.
The government has announced changes to the way disability benefit claimants are eligible for benefits.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still expecting to be active in the transfer market.
Mark Molesley scored the winner as Aldershot beat Portsmouth to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
An album of signatures from members of a Lancaster Bomber squadron who flew in World War Two's Möhne Dam bombing raids has sold for £1,000.
The eradication of bovine TB in Wales has been a success, the chief executive of the Welsh Government has said.
A 72-year-old man has been arrested as part of an investigation into phone hacking by the News of the World newspaper.
The Church in Wales has accused Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising" its partnership with the Diocese of St Asaph.
Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa won the African Confederation Cup for the second time with a 2-0 victory over Ethiopian side Bejaia of Ethiopia in Lubumbashi on Sunday.
Malian soldiers have been accused of carrying out summary executions in the west of the country, a rights group has said.
Women's Super League One side Notts County Ladies have signed England Under-20 international defender Jade Greenwood from Liverpool Ladies.
Great Britain's men were held to a 2-2 draw by Australia in the opening game of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues moved into the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thein Sein, the former prime minister of Myanmar, has been praised by the United Nations for his commitment to bring democracy to the country.
A man has been arrested after jewellery worth £1m was stolen from a shop in Lincolnshire.
A doctor jailed for falsifying clinical trials has had his name removed from the medical register.
Colin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit centuries as South Africa beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the third and final one-day international in Cape Town.
A Grade II-listed windmill in Eastleigh has been restored to a working condition.
Hundreds of jobs are to go at Tata's steelmaking plant in Newport, the company has announced.
Great Britain's Laura Cave won the Women's Ironman World Championships in London, finishing third in the race.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said he regrets his decision to join the invasion of Iraq.
Colchester United have signed striker James Guthrie following his release by Grimsby Town.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin would be "unbelievable" for him.
Mercedes dominated the first practice session at the Hungarian Grand Prix as the Red Bulls and Red Bulls dominated on the medium tyres.
Michael Evans set the fastest time of the week in qualifying for the Isle of Man TT on Friday.
The chairman of the Work and Pensions Committee has been asked to explain why plans for a controversial pension scheme were never approved by the Pensions Regulator.
The family of a man who died after being shot in the head during the Troubles have said they have been unable to rebury him.
West Ham remain top of the Premier League after a 2-0 win at Crystal Palace, while Liverpool remain bottom after a 1-0 defeat at Manchester City.
Former Top Gear host Philip Hammond says he is "back in action soon" after suffering serious injuries in a crash while filming for The Grand Tour.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has "no intention of resigning" following a row over the running of common grazings.
A man has been fined Â£100,000 after a worker died when he fell through the roof of a warehouse.
The creator of the children's television series Thunderbirds has said he was told he was no longer able to drive because of Alzheimer's disease.
Hundreds of thousands of parents who give up work to help their children get a state pension are missing out on so-called grandparents' credits, a senior policy adviser has said.
Plans for a new theme park in Bournemouth have been given the go-ahead.
Nigeria has become the second country in Africa to pull out of international flights because of a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakia striker Lukasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes in public places under a new law introduced by Public Health Wales.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis has praised Burnley boss Sean Dyche for his "fantastic" promotion to the Premier League.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile (ICBM) into the sea, the Pentagon says.
Scotland captain Alex Martin is relishing the prospect of facing France in Metz on Saturday.
Australian anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has won an appeal against the cancellation of his visa to speak in the US.
Jon Stewart has become one of the most recognisable faces on US television since the 9/11 attacks.
Former cabinet minister David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Ceredigion Council.
Lancashire all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with the county.
A tribute to John Williams will be played at this year's BBC Proms in Hull, to mark the composer's 90th birthday.
The SNP has been the largest party in Scotland's local elections, with 32% of the vote, according to official figures.
Iraqi government forces must do "absolutely everything they can" to ensure civilians survive the battle to retake western Mosul from so-called Islamic State, the UN has said.
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) are expected to hit parts of north and mid Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
New materials have been developed that can cope with high levels of pressure.
The Scottish Borders Council is to carry out a review of its schools in the region.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Aberdeen eased to victory over Ayr United.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car.
Author Stephen St Aubyn has won the Wodehouse Prize for fiction for his satirical novel.
England will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup in November.
California's drought emergency was declared in July, with the state using more water than it had used in three years.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park in March has been re-introduced to his new home.
A mosque in the US state of Florida has moved its polling site after receiving complaints from Muslims.
University staff across the UK are to stage a one-day strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
Chinese authorities have arrested seven people for spreading rumours about the Tianjin blasts, state media report.
The acidification of the oceans could have a devastating impact on marine life, according to a new report.
A teenager who died after falling off a cliff in Brighton was taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
US interest rates have been held at a record low of 0.5% for the second time this year, despite the uncertainty over the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Britain's Chris Froome won the 13th stage of the Tour de France as he took the leader's yellow jersey after the attack in Nice.
A bus driver who suffered a blackout following the Glasgow bin lorry crash was "fit to drive", a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has lashed out at Germany, accusing it of abandoning its "Nazi practices".
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Alhaji Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh flanker Tom Toolis has left the Premiership club by mutual consent.
Three suicide car bomb attacks in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, have killed at least 20 people, officials say.
The BBC has signed a new deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings in the UK.
Iran has elected 17 women to its new parliament, the highest number since the 1979 revolution.
An 11-year-old boy from the US has become the youngest winner of the World Spelling Bee, after spelling 'taoiseach' - the Irish word for prime minister.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
More than half of teachers in England say they have been subjected to abuse from pupils this year, a teachers' union has said.
A Canadian mother has described the moment she and her 12-year-old son fled their home in flames.
Partick Thistle have submitted an approach to Swindon Town for manager Alan Archibald, BBC Scotland understands.
British Formula 1 driver Gary Carswell has died following a crash at a race in the Isle of Man.
Russia has dismissed as " amateurish, unprofessional" claims that it was involved in the 2016 US election campaign.
American Apparel's board of directors has filed a lawsuit against former chief executive John Charney, accusing him of harassing female employees.
A memorial has been held for a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Paris.
A powerful earthquake has struck the north-eastern Chinese province of Gansu, with tremors felt as far away as Xian, officials say.
Reading secured their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with a thumping win at Burton Albion.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rental sector, according to a new report from Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Michael Taylor will fight for the IBF world bantamweight title in London on Saturday, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
Cardiff is to become the first city in the world to adopt a method of reducing violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at how artificial intelligence (AI) research is changing the world.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Norwich City midfielder Jordan Maddison on loan until the end of the season.
Germany's Christian Jung secured his place at the 2016 Rio Olympics with victory in the Grand Slam event at Badminton.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary, the island's leaders are discussing the future of the island and its relationship with China.
Protesters have clashed with police after the death of a man who was stopped by officers.
The Zika virus has been declared a global public health emergency by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for a summit of world leaders to tackle corruption, saying it will "change the world".
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over St Johnstone.
The number of newborns breastfed in England has more than doubled in the past 20 years, according to new figures.
War and Peace has topped the overnight ratings chart for the first time since it was launched on BBC One.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says he is confident Gareth Bale will be fit for the World Cup qualifier in Belgrade next month.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand last month has been found alive.
The Western Sahara is one of the world's most important natural resources, and one of Africa's most northerly states.
Michael Donnelly secured his place in the semi-finals of the men's lightweight at the Rio Olympics with a hard-fought victory over France's Pierre-Hugues Drouin.
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a rotating restaurant floor and a wall in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has rejected calls from three northern Italian regions to take in more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Nikolai Andreyev, has apologised for suggesting Poland was partly responsible for the outbreak of World War Two.
The French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo is to sell a book by its editor, Abdelbaset al-Charb, in a show of support for the paper.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from homes in the Calderdale valley during a flood warning exercise.
A crane ship has been used to lift a huge piece of concrete off the coast of Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in Bradford.
An archive of images of Glasgow's high rise buildings is to be made public.
Scotland's Olympic judo star Stephanie MacLeod has said she is "up and about before you know it and come and see everyone".
The Brexit secretary has said it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" as part of a deal to leave the EU.
The CIA has released code used to hide the origins of malware used by Wikileaks, according to security experts.
Hundreds of pages from the Koran have gone on display at Leeds City Museum for the first time.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's first-half strike earned Cheltenham a point at Mansfield.
World number one Andy Murray recovered from a foot injury to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open.
A councillor in the Isle of Lewis has called for "serious consideration" to the use of local engineering expertise to carry out repairs to the floating oil rig.
Craig Gordon says he was happy with the way he played in Liverpool's Champions League win over Manchester City on Saturday.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 in the National League.
At least 11 people have been killed in a landslide in Colombia, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Ben Ormsby on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The first tunnel tunnel to be built for the UK's new high-speed rail network has been completed.
A former IRA leader has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville.
Jared Payne has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against England on Saturday.
A British jihadist who was sent to Guantanamo Bay in the US has been killed in Iraq, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" for Northern Ireland after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Sports Direct's chief executive Dave Forsey has left the company, the BBC understands.
Sin City is known as the city of the lights.
England's hopes of winning the first Test against Pakistan in Sharjah were dashed as they were bowled out for just 263 on the final day.
China won their first gold medal at the Rio Olympics with victory over Japan in the men's table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to visit Australia later this month.
More than half of beaches in England do not have lifeguards on duty, a BBC investigation has found.
US broadcaster Gwen Ifill, who moderated the presidential and vice-presidential debates, has died at the age of 72.
Chris Riddell, the author of A Sailing Boat in the Sky, has announced his retirement from the role of children's laureate.
Former Aston Villa defender Michael Savage believes Steve Bruce will be a good choice to be the new manager of the club.
Police have said they will identify the rioters who attacked a policewoman on Monday night.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a sports journalist was seriously injured in an attack.
National League side Chester have re-signed Birmingham City defender Ryan Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with victory over Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has said it is in talks with workers in France over the possible redundancy of its direct selling representatives.
Formula 1's new generation of cars have been unveiled at the first pre-season test in Jerez, Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Conwy county.
A section of the World War One ceramic poppies which raised more than £9m for charity is to be shown at two museums.
Sir Jeffery Amherst, who was the first British governor of Guernsey, has been honoured with a number of national landmarks.
Kenya's Olympic and world marathon champion Kadeena Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a drugs test.
Councillors in Greater Manchester have given the go-ahead for plans to expand the largest offshore wind farm in England.
A US judge has increased the amount of money Apple has been ordered to pay to a university over a patent dispute.
A Northern Ireland fan has died after falling from a promenade during Saturday's Euro 2016 match against Germany in Lyon.
Ruth Harsent has been shortlisted for the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship in Sheffield.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a woman was left with a large perforation in her stomach after drinking a cocktail containing liquid nitrogen.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in a field in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday.
The care of older people in the Western Isles has been rated inadequate by inspectors.
A man has been seriously injured in a "horrendous" hammer attack which left him seriously injured.
DR Congo's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations were dealt a major blow as they were knocked out of the tournament by Zambia in the second qualifying round.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers believes Ollie Ntcham has the potential to become a "top, top level number eight" after the midfielder impressed in Saturday's friendly against Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge on the A9 between Inverness and Perth have been unveiled.
Tatooine University has spoofed April Fools' Day with a spoof image of its particle physics research centre.
UKIP is "very confident" of breaking through next year's assembly election, its leader in Wales has said.
A Polish deli owner in Peterborough says she is "shocked" by the number of hate mail and phone calls made to her customers since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A 52-year-old man has been jailed for sexually abusing a child in Pembrokeshire.
The parents of a 15-year-old Mexican girl who was invited to her 15th birthday party have said they will not turn anyone away.
A crowdfunding page set up to raise money for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in her bedroom has failed to reach its target.
Water voles have been released from a Pembrokeshire nature reserve.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, a leading forensics provider has said.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at his former university, Temple University, amid sexual assault allegations.
A suspected unexploded World War Two bomb has been found off the coast of Gwynedd, police have said.
The rate of CO2 emissions into the atmosphere was much slower than it is today, according to a new study.
A group of young people take to the streets of Fife to compete in the sport of gymnastics.
St Helens moved up to second in Super League with a hard-fought win over Catalans Dragons.
A Denbighshire man who was forced to flee his home when a sea wall collapsed has said he feels safer.
BT is to roll out fibre broadband to more than 100,000 homes in the UK by the end of 2020.
Labour has said it will introduce fines of up to 100% of the value of tax evasion if it wins the election.
A leading medical expert has called for a ban on all contact and non-contact rugby in schools in England.
Parts of a medieval castle on the Isle of Wight are to be restored as part of a £1m conservation project.
Health Secretary Arlene Robison has said an independent review into the safety of mesh implants is to be examined.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from nests in a harbour, prompting a warning from Natural England.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the past five years, the BBC has learned.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition calling for an end to a dog festival in the country.
China's Zhang Long won Olympic gold in the men's -69kg weightlifting in Rio.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign PSV Eindhoven striker Memphis Depay.
Virtual reality is the next big thing.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won her second gold medal of the World Cup season with victory in Slovenia.
A Dundee man who repeatedly punched members of a mosque's Muslim congregation has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Four men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a mill.
A delivery driver was attacked with a golf club during an "unprovoked" robbery in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales needs to go further and faster, the former head of the Church in Wales has said.
More than 40,000 hectares of commercial forest in Wales need to be re-planted to meet the growing demand for wood, according to the forestry industry.
Rare eels have been found on a stretch of a river where a fish pass was installed to help increase numbers.
A court in India has charged Bollywood star Salman Khan with causing the death of a policeman by dangerous driving after he crashed his car into a bakery.
At the funeral of Eddie Hutch in Londonderry in the early hours of Sunday morning, a gunman opened fire at the receptionist's desk.
Glasgow Wheelers are to launch a sportive in their honour to celebrate the achievements of British cyclist Robert Millar.
Immigrants should be allowed to live and work in Wales as an alternative to English, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the US has more than doubled in the last five years, according to new figures.
A hospital has apologised after a surgical bung fell out during a patient's surgery.
Hungary's prime minister has said he is "full of fear" after hundreds of migrants tried to board a train bound for Germany.
Melania Trump's decision to leave her son at home in the White House has been met with mixed reactions on social media.
A Labour AM has called on the chair of the Welsh Government's public accounts committee to investigate claims of Labour "endangering devolution".
A firefighter has been sacked for failing to respond to two 999 calls within 24 hours of a woman dying in a house fire.
A Gloucestershire school which offers single sex teaching has announced it is to close.
Renowned Welsh artist Tryweryn Williams is to return to the drawing stage for the first time since her husband died.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, has suspended trading after it was accused of hacking into its website.
England's Paul Gregory says he has a good idea of where the pins will be as he prepares for his Masters debut.
A young woman who filmed herself taking her own life on the social media app Periscope has become the subject of intense scrutiny in France.
A woman who stabbed her elderly mother to death in her own home has been jailed for life.
(Close): US stocks closed lower as the value of the dollar rose against the yen.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsene Wenger's first game in charge of Arsenal ended in a crushing defeat as Manchester United thrashed the Gunners at Old Trafford.
A group of tourists have escaped injury after a lava flow burst into snow on Mount Etna in Italy.
David Cameron is "greatly dismayed" by the SNP's election victory in Scotland, a former Conservative minister has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland is a "quality guy" and a "very good coach", according to former New Zealand captain Tom Brooke.
Bruno Jonas scored a hat-trick as Benfica beat Vitória Guimarães to win the Portuguese league for the first time in their history.
When Patrick Smith retired from athletics at the age of 35, he had no idea he would go on to become a Paralympian.
Down produced a superb second-half display to beat Meath 1-13 to 0-14 in Division Two of the All-Ireland Football League.
Tributes have been paid to a "commitment socialist" who has died in Bristol.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been given a six-month touchline ban by the Football Association after being found guilty of betting on matches.
In the middle of the Etihad Stadium, the noise from the crowd is deafening.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to earn money from online activities and renting out properties, according to the Federal Reserve.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe being gay is a sin.
Construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish Parliament's finance committee is due to debate the government's budget on Friday.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Celebrity entertainer Gary Barlow has surprised thousands of people with a surprise concert in Oxford.
Five people have been injured in a fire in East Lothian.
Poland's parliament has rejected an anti-abortion bill that would have banned abortions in cases of rape and incest.
Four men have admitted their part in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid in which jewellery worth Â£10m was stolen.
Wales maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Jamaica's Justin Gatlin won the T44 200m at the European Championships in a time of 9.99 seconds, his second best of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene considers the significance of Ghana beating the United States at the 2014 World Cup.
Senegal have been knocked out of the Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations after losing 1-0 to Ecuador in Jeonju.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
The French government has condemned the appointment of former European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso as a "mistake".
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of this season.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Michael Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits fell by 39,000 in August, according to official figures.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, figures show.
The board of directors of the US cinema chain owned by billionaire Robert Redstone have been approved by the company's board.
Scotland women's players have refused to take part in media duties amid a dispute with the Scottish Football Association.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso with arms, legs and head cut off.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat Forest Green 4-3 in the National League.
A woman who stabbed her neighbour to death in a row over missing cash has been jailed for life.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has carried out a series of covert operations in Africa over the past 50 years.
Dan Biggar and Keelan Giles have been recalled to Ospreys' starting line-up for Saturday's European Champions Cup match against Grenoble.
A Cambridge school is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform.
Northern Ireland's Marc Sharvin shot a five-under-par 65 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Australian Open.
A red letterbox 'pin' has appeared on a road in Berkshire, prompting a social media appeal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether African filmmakers are free to tell their own stories.
A potted site in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been uncovered for more than 3,000 years.
A woman has died in a crash on the A90 near Dalwhinnie in County Down.
A number of flights have been cancelled at Cork Airport due to severe weather conditions.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the mixed doubles at the British Badminton Championships in Birmingham.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a two-year deal.
Lord West has said he would not talk to the prime minister unless his constituency happens to be there.
If you're a fan of Star Wars, you might want to check out Craig Stevens' latest collection of toys.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland on Saturday will be the toughest of his career.
The US justice department is changing its policy on recording interviews with suspects, officials say.
A review of hate crime laws in Scotland is to be carried out by the High Court judge Lord Bracadale.
A rare manuscript of the New Testament has been found after a £1m fundraising campaign.
Ukraine's interim government has vowed to defend the country in the wake of the referendum on independence in Crimea.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld the disqualification of former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidency, his lawyer has said.
Derby County assistant manager Colin Powell says he is "fine" after being suspended by the club following his side's 2-0 win over Cardiff City.
League One side Preston North End have re-signed striker James Preston on a one-year contract after he turned down a new deal with Bournemouth.
A 23-year-old man accused of murdering his girlfriend has told a court he told her she was "too young" to have a child and to have an abortion.
Watford manager Bob Taylor was one of the greatest managers in British football history.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key US economic data on Friday.
Police in England and Wales are to be given new guidance on domestic abuse.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has announced a new package for carers to help them cope with the pressure of caring for others.
Fidel Castro, the Cuban revolutionary leader, has died at the age of 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton Wanderers and go top of the Championship.
When you think of celebrity fragrances, you probably think of a good one.
Three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in west Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and French governments are to meet in Berlin later to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis at Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Katie Brace will make her professional debut in London on Saturday.
Poet Dylan Thomas's handwritten notebooks have been sold at auction for £1.5m.
A musical based on the best-selling novel by Sue Townsend is to open in the city where she lived.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a car crashed into a tunnel in Cardiff.
Stranraer have sacked manager Brian Reid after two years in charge of the Scottish Premiership club.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after posting anti-Semitic tweets.
Greece has postponed high-level talks with its international creditors over its bailout, the European Commission has said.
Police in Chad say they have arrested 12 men in connection with the rape of a woman in the capital, Chad.
Plans for a new social housing development on a derelict former railway station site have been submitted to councillors.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
A Netflix special about the comedian Bill Cosby has been cancelled after he was accused of sexual assault.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's best-known TV presenters.
A couple who were burgled more than a decade ago have been reunited with their stolen medals and jewellery.
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has announced plans to end the tax exemption on sporting estates.
Nour al-Hussein was born in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2003, when the so-called Islamic State (IS) took control of the city.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Ben Mills following his release by National League rivals Whitehawk.
Hamburg has become the first German city to introduce a law requiring owners of empty commercial properties to pay compensation to asylum seekers.
Warwickshire fast bowler Josh Poysden and all-rounder Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the county.
A chatbot that can help people pay parking fines has been launched in the UK.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 87.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at a Cardiff hospital after a traffic gridlock led to patients being late for appointments.
The BBC has defended its controversial iguana v snakes episode after it was accused of being "faked".
A group set up to help restore the Far Eastern Fells in Cumbria has been chosen by the National Trust.
Millwall extended their unbeaten run to seven games with victory at Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of GoPro action cams, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs.
Ian Brady, the son of serial killer Myra Hindley, has been refused permission to remain in hospital.
The Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service have asked for an investigation into the police response to a 999 call from a 72-year-old man who later died.
Scientists at the University of Reading have developed a better way to predict the extent of Arctic sea-ice in 2016.
Liberia beat Algerian side Kabylie of Algeria 4-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup quarter-final.
Norbrook, the County Down-based construction and engineering firm, has appointed David Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a superb first-half display to inflict a first Premier League defeat of the season on Chelsea.
A group of baby white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers players Jack Kirby, Ben Gumbs and Ryan Duggan have all signed new contracts with the League One club.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked twice in Belfast city centre.
Abercrombie & Fitch has apologised after a tweet about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people was deemed "inappropriate".
A couple have been left "completely penniless" after their funeral company went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, hours after he was released.
A new treatment for brain injuries has been developed by scientists at Cardiff University.
Bournemouth have signed Australia goalkeeper Joe Federici from Reading on a two-year deal.
Two men have been found liable for the Omagh bombing after a retrial in the Republic of Ireland.
The former president of the Royal Society of British Scientists has called on the government to reassure EU citizens that their future is safe.
Scotland's ban on second-hand smoke has reduced the amount of air adults inhale by more than half a tonne, according to new research.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League group stage for the first time with a comfortable win over FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is happy with the way his side fought back from 16-9 down to beat Japan in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
Police in Glasgow are calling for CCTV cameras to be installed in the city's Necropolis to deter anti-social behaviour.
The UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK's four main political parties of giving "no commitment" to securing an economic recovery for Wales.
Kent Football Club has reported a loss for the financial year to the end of June.
Syrian government forces say they have taken control of the town of al-Qaryatain, which was held by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
The US ambassador to the UK has praised the "special educational relationship" between the UK and the US after the UK became the first nation in the world to go to university.
A young girl from Bristol has won a creative writing prize.
A Russian official has been arrested in Mongolia on suspicion of attacking a Soviet-era rapper who was performing in the country.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole in Rochdale are taking legal action against the council.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week on Anglesey.
Spain have become the first nation to qualify for the Olympic men's rugby sevens team.
The remains of a World War Two fighter plane have been found at the site of a crash in Oxfordshire.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her first film in more than a decade.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Stade Francais.
Two goals from Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves helped Juventus to a comfortable win over Porto in Serie A.
Six Nations debutant Luke Ball says he is "excited" to be back in Wales' starting line-up for the opening Six Nations match against Italy.
A crowdfund campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was forced into his home in Leicestershire.
Frankie Raymond's late winner earned Dagenham a 1-0 win over York in the National League.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal with The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
A number of Brits have been injured in clashes at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, French police have said.
Iraqi government forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli, officials say.
Investors in virtual currencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum should be exempt from securities offerings, according to US regulators.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party's pledge to scrap tuition fee subsidies.
France's Lizzie Bankier won her 10th title at the Badminton World Championships with victory in the final in Glasgow.
Emmanuel Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria 2-1 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Call of Duty fans have been reacting angrily on social media after the latest expansion in the popular video game franchise was set in Singapore.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed resistant Atlantic salmon.
North Korea is one of the world's most corrupt countries.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour in his Budget speech.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling Championships in London.
Judd Martin has said he will not be racing in the Hondas this year.
Venezuela's security forces have lifted a curfew imposed in the central city of San Cristobal, which has been gripped by anti-government unrest.
More than 90% of tenants and residents in Scotland have called for the right to buy to be scrapped.
A new exhibition has opened in Liverpool showcasing the city's architectural past, present and future.
A man has discovered a new hiding place for Loch Ness in the English Channel.
Plans for a new education campus in East Ayrshire have been given the go-ahead by the council.
The parents of a British aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan have said they deliberately took her own life.
A court in Hong Kong has sentenced four men to six months in jail for assaulting police during the pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run accident on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress.
Gerry Rafferty, one of the UK's best-known songwriters, has died at the age of 74.
The first Concorde to take to the skies has been taken to Bristol for the first time.
Workers at a packaging firm have been told they will lose their jobs after the introduction of the 5p plastic bag charge.
Police in Indonesia's Aceh province have arrested a lesbian couple after they were falsely accused of homosexuality.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound fraud case against six former executives.
Michael McKinstry's life has been a rollercoaster of emotions.
Scottish hockey player Adam Forsyth says hosting the European Championship will help boost the sport's popularity in the country.
Two brothers who lost a long-running legal battle with their creditors are offering to settle their debts.
UK manufacturing grew at its fastest pace in three years in May, according to a closely watched survey.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed Ivory Coast international striker Mohammed Makris on a three-year deal.
Veteran US actor John Wallach, best known for his role as Calvera in The Magnificent Seven, has died at the age of 95.
Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta are among the British players set to make their first-round debuts at the US Open.
Israel has warned its citizens not to travel to India after a bomb threat was made against the New Year's Eve celebrations in the country.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen for the first time since the EU referendum, according to a new survey.
A bomb has exploded at the ancient citadel of Aleppo in northern Syria, activists say.
Tropical forests in Africa are more resilient to future climate change than previously thought, a study suggests.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in Cambridgeshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after two people were found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Hannah Howard on a two-year contract.
Nigeria's former governor James Ibori has lost a High Court bid to recover more than £57m from the Home Office.
The Scottish Football Association has apologised after a scam email was sent to supporters.
Welsh marathon runner Jade Davies says it has been an "unbelievable" week as she prepares to compete at the 2017 World Championships in London.
Former Wisden captain and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 87.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life has asked a judge to dismiss her case.
Sam Warburton says he has been "bitterly disappointed" about losing his Wales captaincy to Alun Wyn Jones.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has rejected a mercy petition by Pakistan's chief of army staff to spare the life of a former Indian navy officer.
Women in the construction industry are still paid less than their male counterparts, according to new figures.
A council's trial to use volunteers to police illegal parking outside its schools was halted after three months, the BBC has learned.
League One strugglers Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after a run of three straight defeats.
A "web of lies" which led to the death of a 12-year-old boy has been jailed.
Spain's Garbine Muguruza beat former world number one Andrea Schiavone 6-4 6-3 to reach the French Open first round.
A left-wing party has criticised Labour for failing to verify that it supports Jeremy Corbyn in the leadership contest.
Thousands of people have fled their homes in central Chile after a powerful earthquake hit the country.
Coventry City's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena has brought back memories of one of the club's most memorable matches.
League One side Bury have signed Shrewsbury Town striker Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish Country Music Festival.
Banking is one of the world's most important services.
A bomb has been found near a primary school in north Belfast.
Papers are praising India's military operations on the border with Bhutan.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed Chelsea Ladies defender Hannah Staniforth and Canada midfielder Lizzie Sjoman.
On a busy street in the heart of Gaza City, a row between Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab countries over Qatar's support for the Palestinian militant group Hamas is heating up.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Glasgow will not be affected by changes to timetables, CrossCountry has said.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to "de-escalate tensions" over disputed waters in the South China Sea.
More than 100 cardinals have arrived in Rome for the first meeting of the process to elect a new Pope.
Elena and her husband, Anatoly, are struggling to pay off their debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned China that the country's currency needs to appreciate further in order to help revive the economy.
Three people have been rescued after their boat capsized in the River Clyde.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom is considering splitting off BT's Openreach division, which provides broadband to 2.5 million homes in the UK.
A court in Niger has opened a criminal investigation into allegations of fraud and money laundering.
At least 11 people have been killed in the Western Cape province of South Africa in what officials say is the worst winter storm in 30 years.
A freight train has derailed in the US state of Tennessee, leaving seven people dead and more than 100 injured.
Paralympic archery champion Jade Brown says she will not compete at the Rio Games.
A rugby player was killed when his car crashed into a roundabout as he tried to overtake a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
Police in Australia have arrested a man after he drove a stolen bulldozer into a house and flattened it.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in second practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton suffered two problems.
Cardiff Blues maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Pau.
A crematorium which failed to hand over the ashes of more than 1,000 babies could face legal action, the Shropshire Council has said.
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to the European Council to notify them of the United Kingdom's intention to leave the European Union.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is one of the biggest employers in Northern Ireland.
French customs officials have blocked an attempt to export a painting by the Spanish artist Jaime Botin to Switzerland.
MPs have asked Team Sky to reveal the contents of a package sent to Sir Bradley Wiggins' team doctor.
A man who stabbed a Glasgow shopkeeper to death in a "barbaric" attack has been jailed for life.
The referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union will be held on 23 June, but what can we learn from the last two weeks of polling?
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says the club's Grand Final victory was a fitting way to end their careers.
Somerset's England and New Zealand international Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Talks aimed at resolving the long-running dispute over junior doctors' contracts in England have been extended.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have signed a hotline aimed at improving security ties between the two countries.
The Sydney Sixers beat Melbourne Heat by seven runs in the final of the One-Day Cup to reach the final.
Barca extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with a comfortable win over Levante.
The head of Spain's transport regulator, Renfe, has said there is no record of any damage or abnormality on the train that derailed in the Galician state of Galicia last month.
The funeral of a teenager who was stabbed to death by Ariana Grande has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a century as Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by eight wickets in the Women's Super League.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Nikos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US Federal Reserve would not raise interest rates this year.
Gloucester moved into the European Champions Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Cardiff Blues.
A sinkhole has opened up on a main road leading to two quarries, causing a lorry to become stuck.
When Lewis Hunt won the 1976 Formula 1 World Championship, it was the first time the sport was broadcast on television in the UK.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in west Belfast.
Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup for the first time in their history.
Two dogs have been taken ill after being walked near a cricket pitch in Essex.
Wales head coach Huw Jenkins says the reaction to Friday's Six Nations win over France is " baffling".
Mae'r heddlu wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Ninbych ar 12 Awst.
Scientists have built tiny fingerprint structures that could be used to authenticate electronic devices.
Police are investigating after a pharmacy was burgled in west Belfast.
England's performance in the second Test against South Africa at The Oval was extraordinary.
Olympic 10,000m champion Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the response to her victory at the European Championships in Glasgow.
It is a quiet retreat in the foothills of the Poconos Mountains in the US state of Pennsylvania.
The family of a British woman who was murdered on a beach in India nine years ago has appealed against a court's decision not to charge two men.
If you wanted to know what in the world is going on at Dundee United then go to the bar.
A woman has been charged with raping a cab driver in the US state of Ohio, police say.
The sister of a County Londonderry teacher who died in China has said she is "devastated" by his death.
An artist who travelled to Scotland's west coast in a single boat is exhibiting his work in a new exhibition.
Fernando Lopez scored a hat-trick of penalties as Scotland came from behind to beat France in the Six Nations opener in Paris.
Bus drivers in Dorset are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay.
Michelin has said it will continue to provide support to staff affected by the closure of its factory in County Antrim.
The United Nations and the Red Cross are failing to contribute enough money to the Syrian refugee crisis, Oxfam says.
The Revenant has been named best film at the 69th Academy Awards, beating The Good Wife and Wolf Hall.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest managers in the history of football.
An EasyJet dog has become one of the most travelled dogs in the UK.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new travel ban.
As the UK leaves the European Union, BBC Reality Check looks at some of the key questions people have been asking about the process of leaving.
Swansea University's School of Management has been accused of bullying and harassment by staff.
Worcester flanker N Hughes has been named in the England squad for the autumn internationals.
Derbyshire have signed fast bowlers Liam Cotton and Adam Taylor on loan until the end of the season.
Vigils have been held across the UK to mark the first anniversary of the murder of South African woman Shrien Dewani.
A copy of the Easter Rising's proclamation has been sold at auction in the Republic of Ireland for an undisclosed sum.
A payday lender has agreed to refund more than £700,000 to customers who may have suffered financial problems due to its lending practices.
Singer Joan Collins has said she is "doing well" after suffering a traumatic brain injury three years ago.
Drivers in Edinburgh will be able to drive at 20mph for the first time under a new road speed limit scheme.
More than 600,000 people missed hospital appointments in Scotland in the last five years, according to new figures.
Royal Mail's chief executive, Carolyn McCall, has been named in the New Year Honours list.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months time, the chairman of the event's development corporation has said.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£55m) to settle claims that asylum seekers were unlawfully detained in Papua New Guinea.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a woman who was sexually abused by a former teacher.
Plans have been unveiled for the tallest building in the UK to be built on the site of a former power station in Southampton.
WBA super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he "learned a lot" from his defeat by Martin Joubert in Glasgow.
A historic theatre in Lancashire has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has eased the rules on abortion in the Catholic Church, allowing priests to forgive those who procure it without seeking permission.
Police in India have launched an inquiry into a Nepalese couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest.
Manchester City moved up to second in the Premier League with victory over Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
An 81-year-old woman has died in a house fire in Stirling.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported better-than-expected profits for the fourth quarter of its financial year.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" his Porsche team are in a strong position to win the Formula 1 World Championship.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's response to the refugee crisis.
Plans for a new specialist cancer unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
A senior medical officer has urged people to "bear with them" after a number of operations were cancelled at A&E departments in Denbighshire.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.2bn) to settle a US lawsuit alleging that some of its dealers rigged Libor interest rates.
Two blind teenagers have been able to play rugby without goggles for the first time.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup finals.
Crewe Alexandra manager Kevin Davis says the club's young players have signed first-year scholar contracts.
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the Premiership final for the first time in their history.
NHS staff are being asked to use Google to verify they are not a robot.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "devastated" by the amount of rubbish officers have raked through at the site where he went missing.
The cost of a free childcare policy for all parents in Wales could reach £200m, a leading economist has warned.
Carpool Karaoke star James Corden has appeared in a new clip showing First Lady Michelle Obama "rocking out" in the car.
A new exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened.
Wigan Warriors head coach Steve Smith says his side are "looking just to win" their Super League final against Warrington Wolves.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named the world's leading cricketers for 2016.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash in County Down.
New Zealand international Ryan Draper scored a hat-trick as Forfar Athletic beat TNS United to reach the Scottish League Two play-off final.
The Welsh Government will cut £1bn from its budget in the first year of the new year, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A former football coach has been arrested as part of an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation.
Some of Scotland's leading figures in the arts have been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
The number of nursing homes closing in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, the Care Quality Commission has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol after tests showed she had a yeast problem.
Scientists have identified a gene that may have helped humans to grow larger brains.
Tottenham have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee.
A pizza shop has been forced to remove the phrase "mental ill health" from its delivery instructions after staff at Newcastle Royal Infirmary were told it was "disgusting".
A further £4.2m is to be spent on repairing coastal defences damaged by winter storms, the Welsh government has announced.
Five women have been shortlisted for the 2015 BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super 8s with a hard-fought victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
U2 have been hailed as one of the greatest rock 'n' roll bands of all time as they opened their Dublin gig with a tribute to the Irish people.
Wales made a winning start to their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Moldova in Cardiff.
A yellow "be aware" warning of flooding has been issued by the Met Office for parts of Northern Ireland.
Iranian police have arrested 13 people over a video of young people dancing to US singer Michelle Williams' "Happy We are from Tehran".
A woman whose body was found under rubble in a garden was murdered by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
The government has been ordered to take "urgent action" to tackle air pollution, after losing a legal challenge against the government.
As the BBC's Proms finale draws to a close, BBC music director Sarah Alsop talks to the BBC about her experiences as a conductor.
A woman in Afghanistan who was raped and sexually abused by her father has told the BBC about her ordeal in a US court.
An RAF pilot has been cleared of falsifying a flight record after his camera was pushed into the cockpit of a jet.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has been using the Telegram messaging app to spread its propaganda.
Iraq's parliament has approved a sweeping reform package aimed at curbing corruption and improving public services.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations play-off in Kampala.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Olympic gold in the women's four in Rio.
Plans for a footbridge over the River Thames in central London have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City's lack of players in the January transfer window is "embarrassing", says defender Ben Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly has voted to allow abortion on grounds of rape or fatal foetal abnormality.
Munster have been cleared of any wrongdoing by the European Professional Footballers' Association (EPCR) following an incident involving scrum-half Conor Murray in January.
Iraqi police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad.
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children at home has been told she must be sterilised.
A jury has been selected to design a new stately home for the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine to move into the overall lead.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Four men from the North East have been arrested in Italy on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
Jordan is one of the Middle East's most important states and has been a major player in the region's political and economic development.
The UN humanitarian chief in eastern Ukraine has ordered the evacuation of all UN agencies and non-governmental organisations in the rebel-held region of Donetsk.
India will compete in the Champions Trophy for the first time in 2023.
Plans to reintroduce flood forests to upland areas of the UK could save the country millions of pounds a year, Lord Rooker has said.
The Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has scrapped plans to open a lounge selling marijuana.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the Tees Valley.
A Russian prosecutor has claimed that a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II was a sign that the Russian Orthodox Church wanted to "prosper and be great again".
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be his next Supreme Court justice.
Coding is a career that has taken her from being an entertainment lawyer to a venture capitalist.
A railway station that was once regarded as one of the most beautiful stations in the country is to go on display for the first time.
Chinese shares fell on Monday after a closely watched survey showed manufacturing shrank for the second month in a row.
A gang of masked men tried to break into a jewellers in central London before escaping on a motorbike, police said.
Leverkusen boss Christian Schmidt has been banned for two games after being sent off in the German Cup second round.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party (FPOe) has won the run-off vote for the presidency of the European Parliament.
The Scottish Green Party has gained two seats in Orkney in the local elections.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a three-vehicle crash in Stirling.
It's been a very difficult week for Scotland.
A County Antrim man has said he is "stumped" by a postcard he received 29 years ago.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Kangaroos prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US-based company for $1.3bn (£1.2bn).
A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped in the Philippines has been killed, Philippine officials say.
Madonna has revealed the first video from her new album.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a " philanderer".
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union with an extra £1bn of funding coming into the county.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in South Lanarkshire.
It's been a night of ups and downs for the Scottish Conservatives.
World number one Ding Junhui fought back from 5-4 down to beat Portugal's Fernando Figueiredo 6-4 in the first round of the World Championship.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for not doing enough to help victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Warsaw Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over China's Zheng Saisai.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial service to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the English Channel.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned to Saturn, the largest moon in the Solar System.
Hundreds of people have attended street parties in the Isle of Man.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat to a school.
National League side Macclesfield Town have re-signed Dover Athletic striker Ryan Marsh on a season-long loan deal.
The Premier League season has been a huge success for both Chelsea and Manchester United but who should be in my team of the year?
Irish students Niccolai Donohoe and Eoghan Schuster have died in a balcony collapse in the United States.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because of a suspected cheating scandal.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins the leadership.
Swansea City striker Gylfi Sigurdsson says the club are "seeing the old Swansea again".
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" over their handling of child sex abuse allegations.
Paul Smith has been knocked out of the WBA super-middleweight title in the final round by Germany's Alexander Zeuge.
Ben Broadbent is to star in a new drama about the Great Train Robbery, which will be based on the true story of the raid.
India has said it will drop charges against its consul in the US, Anil Khobragade, who was arrested last week on charges of fraud.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates has been named as a finalist for the Martin Ennals Award.
A "wake up call" for investment in the north of England is needed, according to a group of local politicians.
British number two Dan Evans reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over American qualifier David Goffin.
Voting has begun in local elections in Merseyside.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being pulled from a river in Aberdeenshire.
A French politician has launched a campaign to ban pork substitutes in school meals, in a bid to counter a ban on pork substitutes.
Mayo's All-Ireland semi-final hopes were dealt a major blow as they were beaten 0-15 to 1-12 by Dublin in the final at Croke Park.
A group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
Belarus has banned a Russian official from the Rio Paralympics after he carried a Russian flag during the opening ceremony.
A farmer who killed a 10-year-old boy by driving his tractor into him has been jailed.
Former road race champion David Miller has joined British Cycling as an anti-doping coach until the end of the season.
Residents have expressed anger at a fire which they say is still burning on land they say could contaminate water supplies.
Eight men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including supporting a proscribed organisation.
A row has broken out over a new technique for transmitting data across the electromagnetic spectrum.
The inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan, the first woman to die from mental health problems in England, has highlighted the need for more support for pregnant women and their infants.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales have been hit by an increase in business rates.
Brighton midfielder Scott Stephens has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the FA Cup second qualifying round.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to launch his campaign for re-election on Monday.
More than half of UK workers have been absent from work when they are ill, a survey suggests.
Residents at a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding failed new fire safety tests.
An Indian doctor has been arrested in Australia on suspicion of falsifying his credentials to work as a doctor.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, after the Israeli leader said a Palestinian state would not happen while he was prime minister.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl at a care home in Hampshire.
The government's new strategy for tackling extremism has been unveiled in the New York Times.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has told peers that Theresa May should not view the issue of the Irish border as if she was still home secretary.
Universities in England are being asked to improve the way they pay their heads, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to announce.
A rare Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton unearthed in Mongolia has been sold at auction in the US.
Wycombe goalkeeper Ben Blackman saved two penalties in the final 10 minutes to earn his side a League Two play-off spot.
The number of people waiting for treatment for mental health problems in Wales has risen for the first time in six years, figures show.
A cabinet containing defibrillators has been stolen from a village hall.
More than half of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
The introduction of a 20mph speed limit in Manchester has led to a drop in the number of serious road accidents, a report has found.
St Johnstone have agreed a new two-year contract with midfielder Ryan Craig, with the option of a further year.
Labour can beat the Tories by itself, Welsh MP Kirsty Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound was found dead behind a water tank in Lancashire.
The trial of a German far-right activist accused of involvement in a series of mass murders has been adjourned after her lawyers lodged a legal complaint.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said Univision will no longer air the Miss Universe pageant.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for a speech at the Golden Globes, in which he thanked his co-stars.
A £100m shopping and restaurant complex in Newport has opened with the opening of a Debenhams store.
The head of India's central bank has warned that the country may not have the tools to tackle its economic problems.
The three main political parties in the UK have been making up numbers on how much they will save by clamping down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Rescue teams in Italy are continuing to search for survivors after a powerful earthquake struck the country's capital Rome.
A service to remember the victims of the Shoreham air disaster will be held in West Sussex later.
A police and crime commissioner has raised concerns about moving his office to the Middlemoor complex, the BBC has learned.
The Australian government has announced a $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) drought assistance package for farmers in Queensland.
A grand jury in the US state of South Carolina has found Sandra Bland not guilty of murder.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal.
World number one Mark Doming reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship with a 4-3 victory over Thailand's Anjem Chawla.
Worcestershire director of cricket Martin Benkenstein is hopeful fast bowler Chris Berg will be fit for the start of the County Championship season.
A woman accused of causing the death of a man in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was in a washing machine.
Mae penodiad yn Sir Gâr wedi ei hethol gan aelodau ym mis Tachwedd yng Nghymru yn dilyn ymddeoliad Wyn Evans.
Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox has left the League Two club by mutual consent after the club's relegation from the National League.
Carmaker Cadbury is changing its approach to fair trade after it announced it would drop its Fairtrade certification.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for Fiction.
A Rangers fan has been fined after he hit a Rangers fan in the face during a pre-season friendly.
The US has stepped up security for the Super Bowl in California, amid heightened security concerns following the Paris attacks.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane, according to his consultant Dr David Tobin.
The death of a man in Galloway is being investigated by police.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in the first pre-season test at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has topped a list of the world's most influential artists.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a video emerged of men kissing a cardboard cutout of a female employee in Kuala Lumpur.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
"Oil is the most important ingredient in our diets," says Prof David Benton, a professor of food security at Leeds University.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding a first Championship defeat of the season were dealt a major blow as they lost six wickets on the final day at Canterbury.
North Korea has said it has successfully tested a ballistic missile for the first time, according to state media.
The number of people being conned out of their pension savings has more than doubled in the last two years, according to the Information Commissioner's Office.
A Belfast man is challenging a senior prosecutor's decision not to refer two brothers to the High Court for breaching their assisting offender agreements.
Young people are being warned not to wear cosmetic contact lenses in the run-up to Hallowe'en.
A worker at Byron restaurant in south London has described how immigration officials arrested him and deported him.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town defender Ryan Cole for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Game of Thrones star Arya Christie is to star in the second series of Top of the Lake.
First Derivatives, a County Antrim-based financial technology firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the three months to the end of June.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester has been banned from entering the streets.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has visited Downing Street to discuss Ireland's concerns about the UK's EU membership.
Scotland's police watchdog is to carry out a "strategic review" of undercover policing.
Lazio have been banned for two games by Uefa for racist chanting during their Europa League last-32 tie against Borussia Monchengladbach.
A judge in San Bernardino, California, has ruled in favour of Apple in a court battle with the FBI.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago, hours after it was due to start.
Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb says he is "back up and running" as he attempts to recover from injury.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A train carriage which transported Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral in Oxfordshire has been restored.
Hundreds of nude models are to go on display in Hull for the first time in more than four years.
Historic recordings made by Oliver Cromwell Wall have been restored to their full glory by the Museum of London.
UKIP has said it will not take any action against the BBC after it aired a joke about UKIP leader Nigel Farage.
Researchers have developed a robotic arm that can be used to perform surgery on the human body.
One of the world's most famous locomotives has made its first journey across the moors.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games.
A media company is to move its local radio shows to a new studio in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies in the disputed Falkland Islands.
The last flight of the Junkers Ju-30 has taken place in Greater Manchester.
The UK is likely to have to pay at least £500m in the event of a gas supply crisis, according to a report by the European Commission.
A mobile phone app that allows people to identify themselves has been launched in the UK.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama beat world number one Rory McIlroy by one shot to win the Shanghai Masters.
A search is under way for a kayaker believed to have gone missing off the coast of County Down.
Facebook has unveiled a new version of its Messenger app, which allows users to send money to and from each other via the social network.
It's that time of year again.
The US is to send up to 1,000 troops to Iraq to help fight so-called Islamic State, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of pro-democracy and human rights organisations.
At the Natural History Museum in Knoxville, Tennessee, you can see a cadaver sitting on a pile of dead bodies.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling on a beach in Porthcawl.
A Little Mix concert in Belfast has been cancelled due to Jesy being ill and unable to perform.
Work on a new memorial to the last remaining World War II Spitfire fighter has begun.
Ben Owens scored a hat-trick as Warrington beat Widnes to move up to second in Super League.
South Africa is one of the world's most beautiful countries.
League Two side AFC Wimbledon have signed former Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Ohene for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell sharply in the first trading session of the new year.
The Sri Lankan embassy in Riyadh is holding a queue of migrant domestic workers as they wait to be sent home.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama in a landmark challenge to his healthcare law.
A man who escaped from custody in Belfast 40 years ago has been jailed for seven years.
Hundreds of thousands of Coptic Christians have attended the funeral of Pope John Paul II in Cairo.
A man's body has been found in a road in Lancashire.
The photograph of Jeremy Corbyn clutching a banana on the eve of Labour's party conference in Bournemouth was a reminder that he is not the only senior politician in the country who has had a "marrow moment".
Wales manager Chris Coleman says teenage striker Marcus Rashford is a "class act" ahead of Euro 2016.
MPs have voted to hold an immediate review of the UK's same-sex marriage bill.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been shut in Belfast following a fire.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient.
Wrexham's drug problem has been on the rise for the last decade.
Tanzania's main opposition leader has accused the electoral commission of being partisan after violence marred last week's presidential and parliamentary elections.
More than 5,000 new jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to new figures.
A UN fact-finding mission has concluded that "a large number" of people died in a chemical weapons attack in northern Syria last month.
A militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has said it will launch attacks on the Yemeni government.
A Scottish man has been reunited with his grandfather after his suitbag was stolen during the Gallipoli campaign in World War One.
Paralympic champion David Weir has said he will still compete in the London Marathon despite announcing his retirement from track racing.
More than 76 jobs are to go at Shropshire College, it has been announced.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating allegations of exam malpractice.
Ed Sheeran has made a surprise appearance at the Glastonbury Festival.
Dr Richard Hamilton, who has been treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone since the end of the civil war, says he is "devastated" by the response to the disease.
Former deputy prime minister Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to seven points with a comfortable win over Lyon.
Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci has left the club by mutual consent.
The world of wearable technology is about to get even bigger.
Pope Francis has approved a miracle attributed to the late Mother Teresa, the Catholic Church says.
A controlled explosion has been carried out on a beach in Nairn after two unexploded bombs were found.
The value of Volkswagen-branded cars has fallen in the UK since the emissions scandal came to light, according to new research.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is sympathetic to Apple's refusal to enable encryption on a killer's phone.
The body of a woman who died in the AirAsia plane crash off the Indonesian island of Borneo has been buried.
Beauly and Kinlochshiel will meet in the Camanachd Cup semi-finals after a 2-2 draw away to Kilmallie.
Belgian police have shot dead two suspected Islamist militants in a major anti-terror operation, officials say.
A council has launched a night-vision scheme to tackle dog "hotspots" in Staffordshire.
A squirrel has been caught on CCTV running across a bar to turn on a tap and drink beer.
Scottish Labour is calling for the Scottish government to reveal what it knows about alleged spying on MSPs.
A US man who spent 22 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of a gun attack has been exonerated.
More than 200 traders have been fined for failing to properly dispose of their waste in Edinburgh, according to the City of Edinburgh.
The families of two prisoners who died from self-inflicted injuries at a prison have launched a judicial review of the case.
The RAF's Red Arrows will not be axed, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A leading campaigner for assisted dying has written to the Baroness of D'Souza to urge her to pass on his decision.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli was subjected to "monkey noises" during Saturday's 2-1 win over Bordeaux, according to the club's chief executive Pascal Pellea.
Virgin Trains workers on the east coast have voted in favour of strike action, the RMT union has said.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with an ankle injury.
It was a day of social media speculation.
Bumblebees are among the most likely pollinators to die in Europe, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has arrived in Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has ended its campaign to appoint Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
A yacht owner has been rescued after an explosion on the coast of Aberdeenshire.
A refugee worker has been found guilty of racially aggravated conduct at a pro-refugee rally.
A four-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool have been backed by the city's mayor.
Nigeria's government has suspended the radio station Radio Biafara, which has been broadcasting since the independence of the country in 1967.
A former soldier who helped homeless people in the 1970s has been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
Boeing has developed a high powered laser that can be used in drones.
Four people have been arrested after a teenager was stabbed to death in north London.
Crusaders will aim to extend their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership when they host Linfield at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John has called for more to be done to help former players with dementia.
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
A portrait of Mozart is to be painted on buildings around the UK to highlight the composer's "obsession" with music.
A new 'Boris bikes' scheme is to be rolled out in London.
India beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the second Test in Galle to move up to second in the Test rankings.
The US golfing world's governing body has pulled out of a sponsorship deal with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The Scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the introduction of minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland.
Tributes have been paid to Status Quo singer Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 69.
Car insurance premiums will rise by an average of 20% over the next three years, the AA has warned.
It's been another busy day in the English Football League.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is "not a lover" of pre-season as his side prepare for the Betfred Cup group stage.
The head of the University of Aberdeen has called on the Scottish government to withdraw controversial amendments to a bill which would allow two elected positions in the institution.
Cardiff City have rejected a new contract offer from Peter Whittingham.
A drilling rig is expected to arrive at the Beatrice oil field in Caithness later this week.
World number one Mark Selby says he is not feeling under pressure as he prepares for his World Championship quarter-final.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating alleged financial irregularities.
Plymouth Argyle's Gary Kelly has been charged by the Football Association after he was sent off in their 2-1 League Two defeat by Barnsley.
National League side Guiseley have signed defender Joel O'Neill on a one-month loan deal.
A sculpture honouring the late musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull.
A woman has been arrested after two mobile phones were stolen from Metallica fans during a concert.
A woman has died after being hit by a train in Suffolk.
Dancing star Michael O'Donnell has described his shock at being voted off Strictly Come Dancing as "ridiculous".
It's been a year since Paul the octopus became famous for predicting the outcome of the World Cup.
League Two strugglers Colwyn Bay have sacked manager David Lynch after just one season in charge.
A Cub Scout has become the first person to win the blind and visually impaired charity conker competition.
A driver has been warned after a sofa was found in the boot of his car.
The world's first fully operational unmanned aircraft has been unveiled at the Paris Air Show.
How much do you know about London's streets?
The US has criticised the UN Human Rights Council, accusing it of "corrupt anti-Israel bias".
The Church of England is to divest its investment in energy firms that make money from climate change.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" about the club's relegation from the Premier League.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League for the first time in their history as Olympiakos came from behind to beat them in the quarter-finals.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to treat the attack on an air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir as "unacceptable".
An Indian woman who claims she was forced into marriage by her husband in Pakistan has arrived in the Indian capital, Delhi.
The Liberal Democrats have lost three seats in Scotland in the general election.
Madagascar's parliament has voted in favour of President Andry Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a career-best 263 to help his side take control of the second Test against Pakistan.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to stage two days of strike action in a dispute over pay.
The bombing of a group of so-called Islamic State (IS) fighters in Syria has raised a number of questions about the UK's involvement in the conflict.
A bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in west Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl.
Mexican Interior Minister Gustavo Galindo has been sacked after a report accused him of using excessive force against suspected criminals.
Security flaws in airlines' travel bookings systems have been exposed by researchers.
More than half of police officers in England and Wales say they feel their morale has dropped since reforms were introduced in 2013, a survey suggests.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils in the Super League play-off final.
The closure of Oxford's Westgate road will be lifted when the shopping centre reopens next year, the council has said.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has said it will take "appropriate steps" to ensure security in Bangladesh following the deadly attack on a cafe.
Two senior council figures have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud.
David Cameron is to hold talks with the leaders of France, Germany and Spain on Monday to try to persuade them to back him in a referendum on Britain's membership of the EU.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers on Thursday.
Scotland's largest corm has produced a flower for the first time in more than a decade, according to the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh.
Tyson Fury says there is "no danger" of his rematch with Wladimir Klitschko taking place in Manchester on 29 October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men in Peterborough.
The world's first unmanned drone has been developed.
The company behind the collapse of a building at the RWE nuclear power plant in Northumberland has been awarded a contract to demolish it.
Indonesia's governing Democratic Party (PDI-P) has won the country's parliamentary election, according to preliminary results.
Aberdeen-based brewer Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a fresh bid to take over rival SABMiller.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced a £250m plan to improve tennis facilities in Britain.
The South West of England is to receive the highest share of a government fund to help tackle the housing affordability gap.
An artificial intelligence (AI) competition is being held in the US to see if it can beat human players.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese takeaway owner in County Antrim.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a major offensive on government-held areas of the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, reports say.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-born blogger to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2016 Fifa World Cup.
Revenues from streaming and other digital formats rose by more than 5% in 2016, according to the British Independent Recording Industry Association (BPI).
Uber has agreed to settle a series of safety-related lawsuits against the ride-sharing firm.
A lion has escaped from the Karoo National Park in South Africa, officials say.
Poet Laureate Philip Larkin is to be honoured in his home city of London, the Dean of Westminster has announced.
A man who killed a 15-year-old girl in 1976 has been jailed for a further 12 years.
South Sudan's president has sacked the entire cabinet, in a major shake-up of the government.
A Russian spacecraft that was due to dock with the International Space Station (ISS) has been lost for a second time.
The children in the refugee camp at the border with Syria are playing with crayon drawings, as the UK government announces plans to take more refugees into the Middle East.
Two people have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of South Africa.
A number of homes in Great Yarmouth have been flooded after heavy rain caused flooding.
A cat that died after being found under a car in Glasgow was poisoned, according to the Scottish SPCA.
The Chicago Owlz baseball team has apologised for "misconstrued" its promotion of "Caucasian Heritage Night".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of abducting a woman from Milton Keynes.
When Lorde was forced to cancel her MTV Video Music Awards performance because of the flu, fans took to Twitter to praise the singer.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a fatal crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title defence has been hailed as one of the greatest achievements of the club's history.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season against Somerset.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was "wrong".
A lifeboat crew who rescued a group of women stranded on a river after their vessel became stuck in mud have thanked them.
Actor Bradley Lowery is to star in a new Doctor Who episode.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government should fund the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released a CCTV image of two men they want to speak to in connection with a "shocking" break-in at a Kent house.
Work is under way on a new market hall in Anglesey.
The government has been urged to make changes to stop and search powers in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glentoran manager Michael Haveron has urged his players to show passion and pride in Saturday's Irish Premiership derby against Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Plans to move consultant-led maternity services to two north Wales hospitals have been rejected by councillors.
Dumfries and Galloway manager Gary McCann has blamed his side's poor performance in their League Cup defeat by Dundee United.
Slovakia is one of the poorest countries in Europe, and has suffered from high levels of poverty and social deprivation.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he would be open to the possibility of signing former Derby County defender Chris Barker.
A new bowling pavilion is to be built in West Yorkshire.
England women ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Belgium in Leuven.
Google has confirmed that its drone-based project Titan was shut down in 2015.
A 22-year-old man who escaped from a Manchester hospital after jumping from a second-floor window has been named.
Dr Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died at the age of 96.
Great Britain's Lionhearts won the World Superbantamweight Championship for the first time with a unanimous points win over Cuba.
Oldham reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Hull KR.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said he plans to turn the city's prison complex into a park.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a van in Edinburgh.
A Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) lawyer has apologised for dropping a rape case against a 14-year-old girl from a Rochdale gang.
It is not every day that a footballer suffers a cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have seen their share of listeners fall over the past three months, according to new figures.
A festival celebrating the work of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is being held in Dumfries and Galloway.
Schalke have agreed a deal to appoint Italian coach Marco Tedesco as their new manager, subject to international clearance.
Celtic have been fined £10,000 by Uefa after fans set off flares during their Champions League qualifier.
A towpath on the banks of the River Severn in Flintshire has been closed to allow repairs to be carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League has updated its rules on tackling anti-social behaviour in stadiums.
India's Maoist rebels began their insurgency in the 1950s, when the government was forced to give up control of the country.
Scientists have recorded the history of hundreds of thousands of cells in living organisms using a tape recorder.
Katie Storey won the women's road race at the World Para-athletics Championships for the second time in three years.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for seven years for corruption.
The Queen's Speech has been billed as a "progressive, one nation Conservative government" as it opens Parliament for the first time.
Police in Australia say they have shot and killed a saltwater crocodile after a boy was mauled by the reptile.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their defeat by Switzerland in Monday's Euro 2016 qualifier in Switzerland.
A new app has been launched to help people who have taken their own lives in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
Two men have been given suspended prison sentences after they were found to have dumped tyres on the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the first Test in Galle to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the central Philippines, causing flash floods and landslides.
Ireland fast bowler James Rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket.
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid at the end of February 2016, it was a watershed moment in the club's history.
The new schedule for county cricket has been unveiled by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB).
A Grade II-listed cross which was knocked down in a hit-and-run crash is to be rebuilt.
The French territory of Reunion is one of the poorest in the Indian Ocean.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia if Moscow does not meet its commitments on Ukraine and Syria.
England's Justin Rose is three shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the US PGA Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new head coach on a three-year deal.
When Othman was uprooted from his home in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2014, he said he could not imagine what life would be like if the city's dam collapsed.
Former West Ham manager Sir Alex Gold has learned a valuable lesson after being targeted on Twitter.
More than 100 Christmas trimmings have been stolen from a Powys butcher's shop during the Christmas rush.
Victoria Azarenka won her first match since giving birth to her first child at the Australian Open.
Leeds Rhinos say the cost of repairing flood damage at their training ground is estimated to be £1m.
Six teenagers have died in a suspected carbon monoxide poisoning incident at a hut in northern Germany, police say.
Corruption is a " rallying cry" for so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "excited" by the close race between Mercedes and Ferrari in the Chinese Grand Prix.
Scientists say they have found the first evidence that Jupiter's atmosphere is heating up.
Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership by the Rugby Football League.
Leicester Riders are aiming to become the first team to win three Premier League titles in the same season.
Kilmarnock moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest percentage of obese adults in Europe, according to a new report.
Police in Paris have shot dead two people who were in a car that tried to crash into barriers during the Tour de France.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, official figures show.
A filly has been disqualified from the At The Races after being found to be the wrong horse.
The UK's exit from the European Union could take years to complete, former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said.
At least eight people have died in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, police say.
France's president has urged the world not to underestimate the impact of the Holocaust on Jewish communities in the country.
A Google employee has been given a $12 (Â£8) reward for spotting a "bug bounty" in the company's website-buying system.
The Home Office has commissioned a barrister to examine 10,000 police documents relating to the 1984 Battle of Orgreave.
Derek Johnson scored twice as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Motherwell.
Irish billionaire Chuck Feeney has been described as "the world's richest man".
A Conservative MP who left his wife to become a mother has been reselected for Morley and Outwood.
Indian film-maker Rajinikanth has urged his fans to take advantage of a holiday on Friday in the southern city of Chennai.
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has died after being found unconscious in a brothel in the US state of Nevada.
It was an extraordinary day for the EU.
Bradley Wiggins has defended his claim that he has been given permission to take banned substances before major races.
More than 1,600 spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a conservation project.
Myanmar's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) has named its candidates for president after Aung San Suu Kyi failed to convince the army that her destiny was the presidency.
A 15-year-old girl from the US is using artificial intelligence to diagnose breast cancer.
Sudan's military and pro-government groups are engaged in a fierce battle over the occupation of Heglig by South Sudan's army.
Plans to build more than 1,000 homes on the edge of a Carmarthenshire village have been given the go-ahead.
The number of EU workers in the UK has risen to its highest level since 2010, according to official figures.
Veteran artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for his latest work.
Police in Nigeria's Lagos state have filed a law suit against a man they say is the country's most wanted man.
Northern Ireland striker Michael Paterson says his side have "only got ourselves to blame" for their 2-0 defeat by Azerbaijan in the Euro 2016 qualifier in Tel Aviv.
The chairman of the Stormont Finance Committee has said he is "disappointed" that the Irish finance minister has not responded to a request from the finance committee.
Thames Water has apologised after thousands of people were left without water outside a London railway station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdicating, the Imperial Palace has confirmed.
A company planning to drill for gas in County Fermanagh has been denied permission to begin drilling.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh cabinet, according to the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Universities in the UK are considering expanding into other European countries in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Taking long naps during the day could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to scientists in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have been knocked out of the European Championships after failing to qualify for the play-offs.
The remains of a teenager shot by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed.
The winner of this year's Saltire Book of the Year awards has been announced by the Saltire Society.
The derby is one of the most important games in football.
House prices in the East of England have risen faster than the average in the rest of the UK, official figures show.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned that London's teaching hospitals are struggling to recruit nurses because of staffing shortages.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Karrueche has announced that she is splitting up with him.
The family of a black woman who died while in police custody in Texas say she tried to kill herself.
The United Nations is in the midst of a major recruitment process.
N-Dubz have been nominated for four awards at this year's Mobo Awards, including one for their album Uncle B.
Eight people have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been named in the England squad for the second Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
A "significant number" of anti-fascists were "intent on violence and criminality" during a counter-protest, police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are visiting Bhutan for the first time in more than 30 years.
The retreat of glaciers in the French Alps has accelerated, according to a new survey.
A property tycoon has been accused of being "racist" after he banned people from renting their homes because of the smell of curry.
At least 20 people have been injured after a train derailed near a village in Bulgaria's Shumen province, officials say.
A man has pleaded guilty to stealing a woman's handbag from a motorway bridge.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "amazed" to be crowned world champion after winning the United States Grand Prix.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorcyclist in Greece have said they are "mortified" after his sentence was suspended.
A replica of the original Thunderbirds puppet, which was created by the late cartoonist John Anderson, is to be auctioned.
The GCSE exams in England and Northern Ireland are to be overhauled, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria's head coach by the National Football Federation (NFF).
The government is considering curbs on the number of migrants who can come to the UK, the BBC understands.
A "depraved" man who encouraged a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for five years.
The number of patients being seen within four hours in accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in six months.
The government has launched an investigation into the removal of three children from Rotherham because they were members of UKIP.
Andy Murray has won a £1.5m bet on becoming the first British man to win the ATP World Tour Finals.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Mexican authorities have arrested the former governor of Tamaulipas, Daniel Yarrington, on corruption charges.
Colchester moved up to third in League One with victory over Chesterfield, who were held to a goalless draw at The Hive.
London Bridge is to be closed for three weeks for maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to return to The Voice UK after a two-year absence.
The Famous Five children's books are to be turned into a series for adults.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a pensioner was stabbed in Birmingham.
A seaside town could be left in a "bubble" if it fails to boost its tourism, a tourism group has warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl in north London.
Microsoft has agreed to buy more than 900 patents and licences from AOL, the company has announced.
British and Irish Lions fly-half Tommy Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Ulster's Pro12 win over Leinster.
US President Donald Trump has said he did not make any recordings of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a "clear agenda" for government, the party's leader has said.
Craig Levein says he has high hopes for new Celtic head coach Ian Cathro despite the club's poor start to the season.
Firefighters have appealed for people to help them tackle a spate of deliberately-set fires in the Welsh mountains.
President Barack Obama is considering choosing his hometown as the location for his presidential library, US media report.
Toyota has cut its profit forecast for the current financial year as it continues to struggle with weak demand in the US.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport has been told her passport will be cancelled if she changes it for "a laugh".
A man and his sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Londonderry's Gemma Mitchell and Stephen Kirk-Smith both qualified for Sunday's final at the Irish Indoor Championships in Dublin.
Rangers and Celtic will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals, with Hibernian and Inverness Caledonian Thistle also in contention.
The death of a baby in Pakistan's capital, Karachi, has sparked a national debate about the importance of security.
The families of five workers who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal plant have said they are "sad" and "very sad".
Shrewsbury Town extended their unbeaten run to five games with a comfortable win over fellow League Two play-off hopefuls Eastleigh.
Coventry has taken more Syrian refugees than any other council in England and Scotland, the council has said.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for attempting to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit in 2011.
The travel firm Tui Group has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terrorist attack in Tunisia that left 38 people dead.
Police have issued a warning after a small bomb was found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments on whether non-profit groups with religious ties should be allowed to provide birth control in health plans.
A solar-powered plane has been forced to abandon its attempt to circumnavigate the globe using the Sun.
Celtic's youngest-ever player has made his debut for the club.
Worcester City's interim head coach Colin Gordon has been "amazing" since taking over the club, says chief executive Steve Brown.
A podcast aimed at "furries" has been broadcast on a number of radio stations in the US.
Swansea City missed the chance to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Manchester City.
British number one Bubba Watson is two shots off the lead after the first round of the China Open after a rain-affected first round.
Danny Doughty scored his first goal as Swindon Town manager as they beat Millwall in the first game of the new League One season.
Theresa May has been accused of "let austerity damage her ability to keep us safe" after Labour claimed cuts to police numbers were linked to the London terror attacks.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 87.
A human chain has been held at Coventry Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of World War Two.
Ruth Sarstedt, best known for his song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 83.
Former children's laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a BBC One drama based on her book Callum and Sephy.
Six men have been charged with rape and conspiracy to rape in South Yorkshire.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
Oil giant BP has withdrawn non-essential staff from Libya for the time being in a phased reduction of numbers.
It was supposed to be a speech about the government's plans to make all schools in England academies.
Twenty-one patients have been evacuated from a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after smoke was reported coming from a pan washer.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ITV bodyguard Adam Hayden.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a train has launched a new programme to help children cope with bullying.
A US teenager has quit the hit US sitcom Two and a Half Men, saying it was "foolish" and "just entertainment".
The UK will be able to import hydro-power from Norway for the first time, the government has announced.
A man who helped the victims of the Manchester Arena attack has praised the people of the city who have come together to help.
A lion that escaped from South Africa's Karoo National Park on Tuesday has been put down, the park has said.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign was a mixed bag.
Conor Sandro's injury-time header gave Ipswich Town victory over QPR.
The World Health Organization (WHO) is warning that the Ebola outbreak in Liberia is getting worse.
Police are investigating after 16 petrol bombs were found in a street in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched its latest satellite.
Scotland's fishing industry has said Brexit is the preferred option after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A private ambulance driver has died in a crash with a bus in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign midfielder Ivan Rakitic from Sevilla.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County is the biggest game of his career.
A Fife man has described the "devastating" flash flooding at his car park on Saturday.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "significant improvements" to its services if it is to survive, according to a report.
A man who raped a woman in a "horrific attack" 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
One of China's most famous intellectuals has died in Beijing, aged 106.
League Two side Stevenage have signed former Barnet and England Under-21 international striker Tom Hyde on a free transfer.
Chichester's production of Half a Sixpence is among the nominees for this year's Olivier Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of returning to Norwich City under new manager Robin Farke.
Stem cells could be used to restore hearing in people with profound hearing loss.
Plans for a £1bn shopping and leisure complex in Oxford have been given the go-ahead.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new National Assembly, the first since the overthrow of President Ben Ali in 2011.
John Carter Cash, the father of Johnny Cash, is to release his first posthumous album.
Children who have had bad experiences in childhood are three times more likely to develop ill health later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic kit man is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing a teenage boy.
Scotland has been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Port Vale have parted company with manager Paulo Ribeiro after just one game in charge of the League One club.
School libraries in England are "fantastic" and should be included in Ofsted inspections, a teachers' union has said.
Mae gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai wedi dweud eu bod yn dilyn yn yr adeilad.
Bournemouth have been fined £25,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players' home addresses were kept.
The 150th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess is being celebrated at a cathedral in Bristol.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to computer pioneer Alan Turing, 59 years after his death.
US President Barack Obama has visited the birthplace of Bob Marley as he arrived in Jamaica for the start of a three-day visit to the Caribbean.
Saturday's League One match between Oldham Athletic and Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scotland's Russell Knox is looking forward to a chance to learn a lot from former Masters champion David Lyle as he prepares to defend his title.
Middlesex batsman Liam Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
The White House has said it is "going bananas" after a US appeals court blocked President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown.
The Archbishop of Westminster has said the government's decision to bring thousands of Syrian refugees to the UK will have an unintended consequence.
Police in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh have found the remains of a female foetus in a plastic bag.
Wales ran in seven tries as they thrashed the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to kill patients at a Scottish hospital has been jailed.
A former member of The Smiths has spoken of the "air of disaffection and distrust" he felt towards the band's former frontman Morrissey.
Motherwell manager Mark McGhee says he had "several things put to me over the last few years" in his desire to return to management.
The world's food supply is at risk because of the impact of climate change on key shipping routes, a report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have resumed after a power cut.
A blood test could cut the number of women dying from ovarian cancer, a study suggests.
It's not the way England have started the Six Nations.
The bodies of two people who were killed in a gas explosion in New York City on Saturday have been identified, officials say.
Google has unveiled its first Android-powered smartphone.
The annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been hailed as one of the best examples of how people can spread antibiotic resistance.
A man has died after being stabbed in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school.
Stan Wawrinka was knocked out of the Miami Open in the quarter-finals by American Kyle Edmund.
St Johnstone have signed striker Ryan MacLean on a one-year contract following his release by Ranges.
In 1997, Dolly the sheep was born.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet a paedophile online vigilante group has been jailed for six years.
Tens of thousands of people have been fighting for control of the Syrian town of Kobane from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Work on a new footbridge over the River Adur in West Sussex has been delayed until next year.
A 100-year-old Poppy Appeal volunteer has told how he was "a changed man completely" when he arrived at Auschwitz.
A human skull has been found in a field in County Donegal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Manchester United in China for the first time.
Energy firm Aggreko has announced plans to cut annual costs by £25m as it struggles to recover from a tough year.
A man has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute the man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills atrocity.
A man who posed as a clown to scare school pupils has apologised for any distress caused.
On the outskirts of the Turkish capital, Ankara, a group of people gathered around me, holding hands.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was badly damaged in a fire in January.
Since the referendum result, there has been a lot of talk about the impact of the vote to leave the European Union.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwylio Adar yr Ardd yn ddeall beth sy'n digwydd i hoff adar gerddi Cymru yn y gaeaf.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston beat Norwich at Carrow Road.
Police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county have appealed for help in tracing the culprit.
Two of the three Birmingham schools rated inadequate by Ofsted have been told to take urgent action after parents tried to undermine their authority.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on a season-long loan deal.
A GP who punched a patient in the head has been banned from the profession.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bradford.
Spencer Williams has won the cow bell trophy at the #TheJump.
The Lethal Weapon film is to be made into a TV series, according to reports.
James Faulkner took four wickets as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the second one-day international to level the series.
A motion to ban four of the UK's most proscribed jihadist groups has been passed by the government.
Estonia, a former Soviet state, is one of the world's fastest-growing economies.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to give their views on the future of education in the town.
Cardiff City have confirmed that Russell Slade will leave the club at the end of the season.
A police helicopter used to secretly film naturists has been cleared of misconduct.
Sinn Féin has called on the Law Society to provide evidence to the Northern Ireland Assembly's inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
The body of Spanish police officer Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed in the London terror attack on Saturday, is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday.
South Africa's Hideki Matsuyama carded a final round of seven-under-par 66 to drop out of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Actress and TV presenter Jade Jones has given birth to her first child.
Plans for a new visitor centre at the North Tower of London have been unveiled by the Humber Bridge Board.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Torquay.
Labour is to allow grandparents to share in the 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave given to them by the party.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Tait has died at the age of 37.
Plans to perform Shakespeare's Richard III in Leicester Cathedral have been branded a "deliberate humiliation" by a group of campaigners.
A new chief executive has been appointed to the public services watchdog's office.
A Northern Ireland aerospace company has announced it is going into liquidation.
New Zealand produced a stunning display to beat France and reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time.
The Peruvian space agency, PerúSAT-1, has launched its first satellite.
Turkey's prime minister has said it is "very right and very timely" to hold a meeting with Nato to discuss the crisis in Syria.
West Ham United have been ordered to reveal details of their tenancy agreement at the Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Penny Payne has been suspended from racing for two weeks after testing positive for an appetite suppressant.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Europa League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests have an economic value of US $2.9 billion.
Derek McInnes admitted Aberdeen "run out of legs" after their Scottish Cup final defeat by Aberdeen.
More than 724 employers in London have signed up to the new national living wage, the mayor's office has announced.
Pamela Geller, a prominent anti-Islam blogger, has become one of the most prominent figures in the US right-wing movement.
Former McLaren driver Martin Wurz has been appointed as the new boss of the Manor Marussia Formula 1 team.
The richest 20% of Latin Americans live in cities, according to a new UN-Habitat survey.
South Korea's An So-yeon won the PGA Championship for the first time in his career with a three-shot victory in the Bahamas.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League as they were held to a goalless draw by Fola Esch in the first qualifying round.
Conor McGregor has announced he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) 200 card.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to retire from the race.
A door painted with the likeness of Cheltenham's founder has been put up for sale.
Boris Johnson has been the subject of a lot of sniping and criticism since becoming foreign secretary.
President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general to be the next director of the FBI.
A row of Victorian beach huts in the South West is to receive £1m from the government to improve the seaside.
Russia says it has found no way to retrieve data from a Russian jet that was shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in the first practice session of the Isle of Man Grand Prix at Creg ny Baa on Wednesday.
The president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC) in Australia has said that she rejected an offer of a job with the government.
A Dundee hospital is to become the first in the UK to offer free transfusion surgery for identical twin babies.
Olympic gold medallist Katie King says she is open to competing in the road at the Rio Games despite missing out on British Cycling's plans for the 2016 Games.
The murder of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch has sparked a debate in the country about women's empowerment.
The Institute for Holocaust Remembrance (INR) has released a database of the names of Nazi death camp commanders and guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
French martial arts star and Olympic silver medallist Jean-Claude Lefebvre has been inspired by his experiences of being abused as a child.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to "fight every match" after their 2-0 defeat at Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Sheffield.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a missing woman from Swindon nightclub.
Northern Ireland's health minister has announced an extra £1.5m in funding.
A suspected unexploded World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru have resumed talks aimed at forming a coalition.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has warned that the threat posed by the Nato alliance is growing.
A new species of shrimp has been named after Pink Floyd.
Scientists have developed a new medical adhesive that is three times stronger than any other that they have made.
An NHS 111 service in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors, the BBC has learned.
Two British girls who were rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of Indonesia have been reunited with their families.
A website has been set up to promote the sale of a derelict building in Denbighshire.
McLaren's team-mate Ron Dennis has told the BBC that the team are in a "disappointing" slump.
Thieves have stolen £20,000 from a Cadets base in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes have been booked to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
The captain of a City Cruises boat which crashed in the Thames killing nine people was not deliberately steered, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Armagh have renewed their appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire man who admitted stabbing himself in the neck has pleaded guilty to sexual assault.
Fifty-five-year-old James Malick's film adaptation of Die schÃ¶nen Tage von Aranjuez has been named on the jury for this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Ugandan opposition leader Peter Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of "baring its bloodied fangs and claws" after his victory in Sunday's election.
Tributes have been paid to a Welsh teacher who died in a car crash.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup were dealt a blow as they were comprehensively beaten by South Africa.
Spain's banks are expected to need 59.3bn euros (Â£56bn) of additional funding from the eurozone, the European Commission has said.
"I'm a tri-citizen," says Johanna Konta.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled two of her appearances in the UK.
A Spanish man has been questioned by police investigating the fatal shooting of jewellery dealer Clive Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in east London.
In the wake of the terror attack on a mosque in London, there has been a lot of reaction on social media to the attack.
A boy who witnessed the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he was pushed towards the goal by a group of fans.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the week.
Leyton Orient midfielder Paul Cox says he is facing a "four-month" spell out of action after leaving the League Two club.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to leave the Premier League champions to join Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
The founder of collapsed children's charity Kids Company has accused the government of "biased reporting" after it was revealed it received millions of pounds in government grants.
The family of a Bristol man who went missing in Monaco have said they are "devastated" after an inquest found his body was kept in the UK.
Nico Rosberg says he is determined to extend Lewis Hamilton's lead in the Formula 1 title race at the Barcelona Grand Prix.
The father of a missing Alabama teenager has been charged with tampering with records to obtain a driver's licence, US media report.
The future of Wales' forests could be decided on a case-by-case basis, the environment minister has said.
The amount of new TV drama being shown on the main UK TV channels is falling, according to a Ofcom review.
Lord Advocate John Matheson has said it is "helpful" not to give a running commentary on the investigation into the death of James Bayoh.
The Olympic Torch Relay will take place in the Humber region, Bridlington and Goole.
The founder of Wikileaks has told the BBC that he will publish further details of the CIA's hacking programmes.
Ulsan is one of the most famous shipbuilding towns in the world.
A woman who died in a house fire in Carmarthenshire died from carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
Cycling is a huge sport in the UK, and many of the biggest names in the sport are taking to the streets to compete.
Drug trials are crucial for the development of new medicines, but how do they ensure they are safe?
Up to one in 10 Army personnel will lose their jobs unless they have applied for redundancy, it has been announced.
A group of people with learning disabilities has launched an exhibition in Cardiff which aims to raise awareness of the benefits of the arts.
Nani scored the only goal of the game as Portugal came from behind to beat the United States and reach the last 16 of the Fifa World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying within the organisation.
Scientists say they have made the first stem cells capable of killing brain tumours with a single injection.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving in Leeds.
A pogo man has broken the world record for the longest continuous bouncing of a pogo stick.
Plans for a new railway stop in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Police have said they have "exhausted all lines of inquiry" over the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire two decades ago.
England Under-20 international Hannah Mead is targeting a first senior call-up with Sunderland.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A cat has died in a suspected poisoning in Carmarthenshire, the RSPCA has said.
The DR Congo have confirmed the signing of England striker Christian Afobe on a two-year contract.
Channel 4 has announced it will switch off its youth channel on polling day for the general election.
A film about the miners' struggle in the 1980s has gone on to become one of the biggest films of its kind in the UK.
At least 19 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in a town in northern Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build 1,000 new luxury hotels and resorts in the Red Sea, as part of a multi-billion-dollar tourism project.
A Citroën car dealership has been damaged in a fire.
Bristol Rovers and Fleetwood Town played out a goalless draw in the National League.
A UN committee has called for Northern Ireland's education system to be integrated.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by careless driving.
The original sleeve of The Beatles' first album has been valued at more than twice its estimated price, according to a new auction.
Defending champion Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
An earthquake has struck in central Italy, with tremors felt as far away as Milan.
Hotels in Northern Ireland have been urged to invest at a "high level" in the sector as the industry looks to generate another half a billion pounds in profits.
Two people have been charged with the manslaughter of a three-year-old boy whose body was found in a lake.
It’s been a long time coming, but Disney has always been a big fan of story-telling.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Manchester City striker Yaya Toure on a season-long loan deal.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has fetched more than £100,000 at an auction in Germany.
A coalition of West Ham United supporters has called for a public inquiry into the club's £272m move into the Olympic Stadium.
The first minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week to discuss the political crisis in Northern Ireland.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says there is still work to be done after his side were beaten by France.
A Shorewatch volunteer has described the "stunning" sight of a bottlenose dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will wipe out almost 82% of the workforce in the next five years unless they change their attitudes.
A Grade II-listed art gallery in Manchester has been destroyed in a fire.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry.
Ukraine's national energy company has blamed a cyber attack on a substation in the capital, Kiev, which left more than 200,000 homes without electricity.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace.
Fox News has appointed John Abernethy and Bill Shine as its new executives, following the departure of former chief executive Roger Ailes.
India's Supreme Court has ordered the trial of an Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 to be held in Italy.
Social media has been reacting to the death of boxing legend Muhammad Ali.
The Metropolitan Police's "ghost squad" investigates allegations of voyeurism and inciting prostitution, according to one of its most senior officers.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to give the go-ahead for a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
The former minister of the treasury has been re-elected to the St Peter Port North by-election.
Canada has become the latest EU country to resume importing beef from the bloc, amid concerns over the spread of BSE.
The closure of Brecon Barracks is "abhorrent", an MP has said.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been under intense pressure since last month's anti-government protests began.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital after suffering a stroke.
A scheme aimed at getting black and minority ethnic women into work in Scotland has been awarded £1.5m by the Scottish government.
Police in Brazil's Amazon region of Amazonas say they have recaptured more than 200 inmates who escaped from a jail on Saturday.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Shane Williams has left Ospreys to join a Japanese club.
(Close): Mining shares in Rio Tinto and Randgold were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday.
A ticket from Monmouthshire has won the £19.7m Euromillions jackpot.
Police in China's Xinjiang region have arrested a man on suspicion of involvement in a car bomb attack in Urumqi, state media report.
The discovery of a boy's body in a river in Aberdeenshire has dominated the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Comedians Maxine Peake, George Lucas and David Tennant are among the stars set to star in a BBC One adaptation of Hamlet.
A girl on the autism spectrum has written a letter to the prime minister asking him to replace Big Ben's chimes.
A man's body has been found in woodland in Northamptonshire.
A report into the death of a prisoner in a County Londonderry jail has found there was "no possibility" of an alternative outcome for him.
Human remains have been found at a cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's top court has dropped an appeal against a ban on wearing a full-face Islamic veil during swearing in the country.
An island in Japan has seen a big increase in visitors to the island because of a large population of cats.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and singer James Righton have married in France.
The leader of the Labour Party is to announce plans to increase the amount of money paid to carers.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a pedestrian was hit by his car.
European media have reacted strongly to the UK's vote to leave the European Union, with some calling for a radical overhaul.
Newport Gwent Dragons suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French woman has been jailed for life for murdering her two children and burying them in the garden of her parents' home.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals were dealt a blow as they were beaten by Clermont Auvergne.
Scotland's justice secretary is to update MSPs on the future of the Named Person service.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have appealed for help in tracing him.
An app that allows users to send "yo" messages to friends has been hit by a security flaw, its creator has said.
It is easy to forget that Scotland is a country of music.
A scheme to encourage people to donate to local businesses in Snowdonia has raised more than Â£3,000 in its first year.
President Donald Trump's former national security adviser has rejected claims that she sought to cover up contacts with Russian officials during the election campaign.
Former MP Barnaby Joyce has been found guilty of headbutting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard hit centuries as West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to reach the final of the Women's World Cup.
Ivory Coast manager Gareth Southgate says he is hopeful Wilfried Zaha's request to switch allegiance to England will be approved.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to work with Kezia Dugdale despite her support for the SNP.
Mark McManus scored twice as Morton beat Alloa Athletic to move up to second in the Scottish Championship.
The milk price in the UK is set to fall for the first time in more than a decade.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport chairman Paul Clapham has resigned after a row over the club's relegation from the National League.
At least two people have been killed in clashes at a Maruti Suzuki plant in the northern Indian state of Haryana.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens says the Six Nations could be relegated to the Championship in the future.
A man has been arrested after his car was stolen in two separate robberies in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has played the flute at a concert in Hamburg as part of her first day in the UK.
Sierra Leone has imposed a curfew on the capital, Freetown, in an effort to contain the spread of the deadly Ebola virus.
Britain's Adam Walz won Olympic gold in the men's 4x100m freestyle canoeing in Rio.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main power line between Inverness and Culloden.
A Labour MP has stepped down as a Parliamentary Private Secretary after posting a picture of Israel on Facebook.
A Pole has been jailed for two years in the Polish city of Krakow for plotting to bomb the country's parliament.
North Korea appears to be restarting its nuclear reactor, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says.
A koala named Bear Grylls has survived a head-first crash in a car grill in Australia.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Adam Antonsson on a season-long loan from Swedish side Kalmar.
Walsall have signed former Falkirk defender Ryan Leahy on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced.
The German Federal Intelligence Service (BfV) says it has arrested a man suspected of planning a bomb attack on its headquarters in Cologne.
As Hong Kong prepares for its first general election since last year's Umbrella Movement protests, the BBC's Juliana Liu looks at the challenges ahead.
The Premier League title race has moved to a new level after a superb display from David De Gea at Old Trafford.
French comedian Amedy Coulibaly has been detained for two days over comments he made on Facebook about the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for a typographical error in a press release announcing a requirement for Muslim migrants to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in Rabat, South Africa.
A man in his 20s has been arrested in connection with an assault in Londonderry.
The introduction of 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU will leave "very little parliamentary time" to pass them, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) says.
Yaya Toure says Manchester City's Raheem Sterling is "too honest" after he was sent off in the 1-1 draw with Tottenham.
Labour's future in Wales could be at least as bad as under Michael Foot's leadership, according to former leader Ken Howells.
Sale Sharks winger Keshi Solomona is a "phenomenal player" who could help England play in the Six Nations, says ex-England captain Peter Monye.
A report into Police Scotland's call-handling system has found "key risks and other issues", the justice secretary has said.
Hairdresser Barnardo Howe was one of Liverpool's most recognisable faces.
A volcano in the Central American nation of Costa Rica has erupted, spewing ash and steam into the air.
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says he will not be asking why he is not playing regularly.
A dog restaurant in the US city of San Francisco has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The Scottish government is to invest £20m in general practice over the next year.
Hilary Mantel's novel Someone Else's Skin has won a crime novel of the year award.
A couple who were taken to hospital with a rare brain condition have said they were treated like "monsters" by the hospital.
An Australian woman who fled to Israel to face child sex abuse charges has been refused bail.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a mountain in County Antrim.
Supermarket chains such as Asda, Tesco and Sainsbury's are selling generic school uniforms for less than they cost.
So what did the National Audit Office (NAO) learn about the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies?
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW Masters in Munich.
The Cassini probe has completed its final pass of Saturn.
Hillary Clinton's speech to the Republican National Convention in San Diego on Thursday was supposed to be a broad-based attack on the Republican Party.
Mattel, the maker of the Barbie dolls, is in talks with toy-maker Hasbro to buy the company.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers how octopuses have transformed Tanzania's coastal economy.
Mark Jutting, who has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong, has been described as a "narcissistic narcissist".
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire are to be debated by councillors in Northallerton on Friday.
Venezuela's military chief says he has arrested three suspected rebels over an attack on a military barracks in August.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
The senior coroner at the inquest into the deaths of four men who were shot dead by IRA gunmen has said he is "disappointed" at the lack of a coroner.
Children and young people services in Birmingham have been rated "adequate" by the city's council.
Five MPs have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target.
Lord Coe has defended his leadership of athletics' world governing body after a damning report said it was "a fabulous responsibility".
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues has been moved from a police cell in Torbay because of "no place of safety".
Vietnam has cancelled a Human Rights Watch (HRW) conference in Bangkok, citing security concerns.
Archaeologists have recovered the carvings from the ruins of a 17th Century mansion in the Vale of Glamorgan.
New data has been released showing that a large asteroid has passed by the Earth.
A Texas man has pleaded not guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Jockey George Gwynne has been discharged from hospital after suffering a brain injury in a fall at the Cheltenham Festival.
The new Conservative MP for Cardiff North has said he has no office.
It's not every day you get a gift from the world's most powerful man.
A road worker who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car has died.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a collapsed building in New York after a cable fell from a crane.
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been fired after a teenager was shot dead by officers.
Teenage pop star Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge United thrashed Cheltenham Town to move into the League Two play-off places.
The former head of RTÉ, Éamon Ó Murchú, has died.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she wants to improve the quality of Northern Ireland's lamb exports.
Engineers have recreated a key part of Hitler's codebreaking machine using 3D printing technology.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could return to the club in the future.
Turkish police have detained the editor-in-chief of the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and eight other staff, in the latest crackdown on dissent following last month's failed coup.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick is two shots off the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been tied up and robbed at knifepoint at their home in west Belfast.
At least 30 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in Christchurch, New Zealand's prime minister has said.
The world's first pure silicon wafer has been produced for the first time.
St Johnstone midfielder Kyle Stephens says he is confident his side can bounce back from their Christmas defeat.
A cat who has been stealing toy toys and a felt basket has been reunited with his owners.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Super League leaders Castleford came from behind to beat Salford.
Plans for a major expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Somerset have been put on hold.
Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off as his side were beaten 2-0 by Cape Verde in a friendly in the Caribbean.
The bill to give the government new powers to investigate terrorism is due to be debated in the House of Lords later.
In the middle of the desert in the US state of California, a wall is erected.
Glasgow Warriors secured their first Pro12 win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Leinster at Murrayfield.
Nepal has been gripped by a series of devastating floods in the past two years, but officials say they are still waiting for an early warning from China.
A charity has called on internet providers to "up its game" over misleading broadband adverts.
Birmingham City moved into the Women's Super League One play-off semi-finals with a hard-fought win over Chelsea Ladies.
Scientists say they have developed a new way to kill bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics on pig farms.
Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet in Sunday's French Open final, with both men aiming to win their first Grand Slam title.
Dundee United have signed striker Lee Goodwillie for an undisclosed fee.
A girl from Northern Ireland has become the youngest ever chess master in the United States.
American teenager Katie Ledecky won Olympic gold in the women's 400m freestyle at Rio 2016.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who went missing last month.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has been campaigning in Scotland ahead of the party's autumn conference.
Sudan have been disqualified from qualifying for the second round of the Africa Cup of Nations because five of their players are under the age of 18.
Jean-Louis Akpa-Akpro scored twice as Barnet eased to victory at Mansfield.
The creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that his fictional town is based in the US.
Belfast International Airport's chief executive has urged Enda Kenny to give the Irish government a "fair crack of the whip" on tourism.
A man who raped two women while on a probation order has been jailed.
Three of Spain's most prominent left-wing mayors have announced plans to tackle poverty and child poverty.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in West Yorkshire.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.6% in the three months to December 2014, according to official figures.
A police officer has been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was beaten to death by her killer.
A shortage of prison officers could lead to a "potentially life-threatening death", a report has warned.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has criticised a group of supporters of the release of more than 200 schoolgirls who were kidnapped by Islamist militants.
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he was "angry" about his break up and asked for sexual favours.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll should be included in his squad for Euro 2016.
A Pembrokeshire town's swimming pool has been saved from closure after two community groups donated to keep it open.
The Iraqi town of Qaraqosh has been recaptured by Kurdish forces in the northern province of Nineveh, officials say.
The partner of one of the victims of the Rotherham power station collapse has said there is still a chance he could still be alive.
A derelict shipyard in South America is to be transformed into a theatre.
The new voice of Bob the Builder is to be revealed later this year.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, the Royal College of Nursing has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil in memory of a man shot dead during a police operation in West Yorkshire.
League Two side Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell defender Ryan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Thousands of people have attended the funerals of Christian victims of the twin bombings in Lahore, Pakistan, which left at least 17 people dead.
Yorkshire beat Durham by seven wickets to win the County Championship at Trent Bridge.
The amount of water stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface has been measured for the first time.
A Downing Street spokesman has denied claims that the government's culture secretary tried to influence the Daily Telegraph's editor over a story about a Conservative MP's expenses claims.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Mark Morris says it is "very proud" of the county's capacity to host three full matches in 19 days.
Former world champion Mark Fordham says he would love to play at Lakeside in the future.
India's central bank has cut its benchmark interest rate by 0.5 percentage points to 6.5%.
James McClean and Darren Randolph have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for their World Cup qualifier against Mexico in June.
Islamic State (IS) militants have claimed to have launched a missile attack on a naval vessel off the Egyptian coast.
British billionaire Sir Philip Green has been appointed as the government's new chief procurement officer.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Toulon Tournament for the first time in their history as they beat Mexico 2-1 in the final.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott for the T20 Blast, according to head coach Steve Mason.
Glasgow's Michael McComb reached the quarter-finals of the European Championships in Ukraine with a unanimous victory over Russia's Vladimir Kharkiv.
There is a lot of talk about the importance of community pharmacies in the NHS.
At least one child has been taken to hospital after a slide collapsed at a carnival in Dorset.
A woman with histrionic personality disorder who tried to kill herself has the right to refuse medical treatment, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A British woman has been chosen to become the first person to work as a hedgehog officer in Suffolk.
Four British soldiers died when their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
Dozens of people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia's Oromia region, officials say.
Lancashire lost the Bill Beaumont Cup for the second time in three years as they were beaten by Cornwall at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" has been jailed for life.
South Africa's government has cancelled its planned withdrawal from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
A cyclist died after she hit a pothole in Newport, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren has been sacked by Rafael Benitez.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be lost in London if the UK leaves the European Union, according to sources close to HSBC.
Leading figures from the pro-life movement in Northern Ireland have been reacting to the High Court ruling that abortion should not be treated as a medical condition.
Police in the German city of Heidelberg are investigating after a man was attacked by an elephant that had escaped from its enclosure.
Russia's justice ministry has designated a leading pollster as a foreign agent, in a move critics say amounts to the imposition of political censorship.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think the Welsh Assembly could be won by holding a referendum on Brexit.
On Thursday morning, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of Barcelona to remember the victims of Thursday's attack.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 has revealed its longlist of the UK's best-selling artists.
A man has been arrested after a chameleon was seized at Heathrow Airport.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man they believe was behind the Berlin lorry attack that killed 130 people.
A Catholic curate who told children he was not real has apologised after being criticised on social media.
A man has died in a house fire in west Belfast.
Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her role in the film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police officers have been jailed for using the force's computer system to help a victim of a hit-and-run crash.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has called the club to apologise for missing his birthday party.
Celtic beat Rangers on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
The M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads, according to a new report.
Pro-Russia activists have taken over government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of Shakespeare's The Tempest.
Belgium's king has come under fire for his Christmas message, which was criticised by a separatist leader.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the England squad for the three-match one-day series against Pakistan in March.
The organisers of the Londonderry Fleadh have said they will bid again to host the festival in 2017.
All images are copyrighted.
A stop sign on a busy railway line in Nottingham has been labelled "Univeristy of Nottingham" by commuters.
Ethiopian Olympic marathon runner Feyisa Oromo has become an international symbol of anti-government protests after raising more than $25,000 (Â£20,000) in just 24 hours.
The Department of Roads (DRD) ordered a barrier to be removed at the spot where teenager Enda Dolan was knocked down by a van, the BBC has learned.
At least 11 people have been killed in a knife attack at a train station in the Chinese city of Kunming, state media report.
Energy giant EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, this time for its dual-fuel customers.
Why is the government so desperate to get the EU referendum campaign out on time?
Mae fydd wedi i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdydd yn ôl iddo gael eu gael yn ffodus.
A custody sergeant who killed a man in custody did not use excessive force, a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in oil prices.
Police are investigating after eight puppies and a lurcher were stolen from a house in East Lothian.
Police are investigating reports of "hate crime" at bonfires in loyalist areas of Northern Ireland.
Celta Vigo have signed Burnley defender Javier Mascherano on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies should be banned from charging tenants "extortionate fees" in exchange for not providing a service, an AM has said.
"We are not a paedophile organisation."
A bid to become the UK's first operational spaceport is being launched in Kintyre.
George is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife from the SNP.
How do we change what we buy?
A County Antrim knitwear firm has seen a rise in demand for its private label knitwear range.
A replica of a cave in France that is thought to be the oldest in the world has been unveiled.
England women's squad for their 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina has been announced.
A former ambulance worker has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl while he was driving.
Britain's Tyson Fury retained his IBF and WBA light-welterweight titles with a unanimous points victory over Dereck Chisora in London.
Hull KR head coach Neil Peacock says he is "up in the air" about Albert Kelly's future.
The Conservative Party is investigating the death of a man who was allegedly threatened by a Tory activist, the party has said.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has announced plans to raise more than $25bn (£15bn) in its initial public offering (IPO).
The financial state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
Brentford defender Tom Jones has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
It's been a week of controversy for fans of pop star Madonna.
Canada Post is to raise the cost of postage stamps by more than 50% as it tries to save C$1bn (Â£1.3bn) over the next five years.
US President Barack Obama has called for "visible prosecutions" of corruption in Kenya during his first visit to the country.
For the first time in more than a century, French sheep have been allowed to roam freely in the mountains.
James Corden is to host three episodes of The Late Late Show in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel in London later to discuss the EU referendum.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the bank's board.
Eight celebrities have been identified by the FBI as being victims of a data breach at their Los Angeles home last year, according to an affidavit.
A man who killed a teenager after crashing his car into a telegraph pole has been jailed.
Jordan's education minister has warned that the world will pay a "high price" if it does not do more to help Syrian refugees.
Indian liquor tycoon Vijay Mallya has left the country after failing to return to the country.
Vesuvius University is to carry out a study to see if e-cigarettes are a safer alternative to traditional cigarettes.
A Gloucestershire school placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close.
The Duke of Cambridge has joined the ranks of celebrities who have stuck their fingers out to raise awareness of mental health.
A woman has been rescued from a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school head teacher has been jailed for seven years for raping and sexually abusing pupils.
The deaths of two whales off the Suffolk coast are linked to a series of coincidental events, scientists have said.
A man who admitted killing his ex-girlfriend has had his jail sentence increased.
Captain Virat Kohli scored a century as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the World Cup for the first time.
Jonathan Demme is one of Hollywood's most prolific directors.
Aaron Cook's bid to compete at the 2012 Olympics has been rejected by the British Olympic Association (BOA).
The Met Police commissioner has apologised to the family of a man who died after being wrongly accused of being a police informant.
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death in a row over an ice cream has been jailed for eight years.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has agreed to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at a hospital in Caithness.
Leeds Rhinos secured their place in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a hard-fought victory at St Helens.
Kenya's president has vowed that the judiciary will not be used to interfere in the country's elections.
A major thunderstorm has hit the Indonesian city of Jakarta.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent him a friendly text saying "hi, how are you", a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers clinched their first Super League title with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield Trinity.
It's been a day of controversy for Brand, after the Sun newspaper accused him of being a hypocrite.
Paul Murray was a football fan from Stoke-on-Trent, who travelled to the FA Cup semi-final with his father, Tony Murray, who was also a Liverpool fan.
The prime minister of Norway has said he is "deeply touched" by the families of the victims of Friday's bomb and gun attacks in the capital, Oslo.
A man has denied murdering a County Dublin woman whose body was found in the mountains four years ago.
Bromley's poor start to the National League season continued as they were beaten 2-1 by North Ferriby.
Glamorgan have appointed former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to strong winds.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 0.5% in the fourth quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Teenagers are better at remembering the details of their experiences than adults, a study in the journal Neuron suggests.
A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist in the Flathead National Park in the US state of Montana.
The Night Tube is to be closed to the public for a month to try to reduce anti-social behaviour on the network, according to Transport for London (TfL).
A former NHS nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years.
Ireland have qualified for the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 after beating Zimbabwe in their final group match.
Plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle have been put on hold after a public inquiry into the plans.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should "toughen up" his Republic of Ireland squad, says former captain Michael Keane.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner has gone on trial accused of her murder.
German airline Lufthansa is to charge customers up to three-quarters of the cost of using its online travel comparison sites.
Carrick Rangers have been cleared of breaching the Irish Football Association's disciplinary rules.
Scientists in Glasgow have measured the telomeres of birds.
The Mexican government has increased the prison sentence for kidnappings committed by public officials, as part of a crackdown on violent crime.
A woman who died after a nerve stimulator operation was removed too soon, an inquest has heard.
A court in Nigeria's north-eastern city of Bauchi has sentenced four Muslim men to life in prison for homosexuality.
Russia's anti-doping chief Volodymyr Mutko has said it is "high time" for him to retire.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto a controversial religious freedom law.
Shaky Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales.
Fifa could be forced to cancel the 2018 and 2022 World Cups if there is evidence of bribery, says Sepp Blatter's former vice-president.
A man who was extradited from Albania to face murder charges has been told he will not get a fair trial.
Wales will support the Football Association of Wales' decision to allow players to wear poppies on their armbands on Armistice Day, says captain Chris Ledley.
A collection of diving helmets worth more than £10,000 has been sold at auction.
A man's body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
Championship side Bristol City have signed Preston North End striker Ryan Brownhill on a season-long loan deal.
NHS bosses in North Yorkshire and Humber have warned that some GP surgeries in England may be "allowed to fail".
Former Liverpool and Llanelli player-manager Bill Wallace is one of football's most recognisable names.
Slavery is a serious and organised crime crime and should not be tolerated.
The underground tunnels that opened during World War Two have reopened to the public.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he wants to "win something" for the club.
Efforts by England manager Mark Sampson to "bullying and belittle" striker Eniola Aluko have been rejected by the Football Association.
The number of suicides and self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales has reached a 10-year high, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to announce his squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
Two people have been arrested after a gun was fired at a house in Cardiff city centre.
Northampton Saints centre Tom Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if he is to be included in England's Six Nations squad.
Defending champion Ding Junhui was booed off the court as he lost 6-3 to world number one Mark Duffy in the first round of the UK Championship.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool has been hailed as a success by the council leader.
The longest-serving head teacher in the country is to retire at the end of the year.
National League side Stevenage have signed Rushall on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a forest in Conwy county is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
On New Year's Eve in the 1970s, I was walking along the streets of my township in Orkney, in the Western Isles.
The Hong Kong government has announced plans to allow rail passengers to travel overland.
Australia is to send 30 more troops to Afghanistan to help train Afghan security forces.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Head teachers have accused the government of "turning back the clock to the 1850s" by allowing schools to hire people who have not qualified as teachers.
Royal Mail is in talks with the Unite union over proposed changes to its pension plan.
Jersey Warriors centre Tom Stevens says the club are "on the right road" to winning promotion from the Championship.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned aircraft has taken to the skies for the first time.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of smartphones and tablets, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures.
Two people have been rescued from a fire in a lounge in Kent.
China has executed four men in Xinjiang, the rest of the country's Uighur population, state media report.
A community hall that was closed after a council decided to close it has reopened to the public.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
The amount of compensation you get when you mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) can vary depending on which credit card provider you use.
Have you ever wondered what happens when you pee?
Facebook has released its first map of the world, which it says is the most detailed in the world.
Warrington Wolves beat Widnes Vikings to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a controversial poster from the event.
Kai, a 10-year-old boy from South Sudan, has been living in a refugee camp in the north-east of the country since the 2015 peace agreement was signed.
A police car has been damaged in a brick attack in Londonderry.
Emma Stone has been speaking to the BBC about her experiences as a woman.
Network Rail has been accused of overspending by the rail regulator, and of failing to improve punctuality.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals with a 1-0 win over Morocco in Gabon.
Three Warwickshire Police officers have been cleared of misconduct over comments they made about MP Keith Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in south London has been named by police.
A group of comedians and entertainers is holding its annual meeting in Dover to celebrate the 70th anniversary of its first meeting.
China has criticised Zambia for arresting more than 100 people suspected of illegally mining copper in the country.
Kilcoo have been suspended by the Ulster GAA following an allegation of racism.
Australian Nick Kyrgios needs to improve his mental game if he is to avoid a career-threatening injury, says John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto is his "friend" during a visit to Mexico.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man who died after being attacked outside a Denbighshire supermarket has been named by police.
Huddersfield Giants have released prop Sam Bailey, prop Ben Cox and prop Chris Dodds.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre after police gave up their pursuit when it failed to stop for them.
Championship side Fulham have signed Sunderland forward Giaccherini on a season-long loan deal.
Archaeologists have uncovered a "substantial" trove of artefacts at a new museum.
The Sun newspaper is being investigated by police over comments made by former editor John MacKenzie about a Liverpool footballer.
Torquay United have agreed a deal to buy Plainmoor Town for an undisclosed fee.
Police in England and Wales are failing to provide appropriate adults to the most vulnerable people in custody, a report has found.
Here is a full list of the 2017 British and Irish Lions debutants.
Marcus Rashford scored twice as Manchester United came from behind to beat Leicester City and move nine points clear at the top of the Premier League.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a criminal offence, the Daily Telegraph has learned.
The prime minister has offered to give EU citizens in the UK the same rights as those in other EU countries after Brexit.
The man suspected of being part of the cell behind Thursday's Barcelona van attack has told a Spanish court that plans for a series of attacks had been scaled back.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow in Wrexham has told a court he was "frightened" by the attack.
A man who absconded from a prison has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at next week's US Open despite a stress fracture in his back.
David Lammy has said he is considering running for the Labour leadership.
The former chief executive of the South Devon NHS Foundation Trust has admitted stealing more than £11,000 from the NHS.
Google has launched a new service that allows it to measure the impact of its adverts across devices and cross-channel.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with the sexual assault of a woman in Edinburgh.
The population of the UK increased by 491,100 in 2013, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away to play in the FA Cup for the first time in five years.
Plans for a £200m bridge over the River Thames in central London have been abandoned because the value for money for the taxpayer has not been secured, a review has found.
A major road in central London has been closed after a burst water main caused it to overflow.
The News Letter's front page is dominated by the story of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI).
A dentist who was arrested on suspicion of her husband's murder has said the last few days have been "the worst of my life".
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been charged with the murder of a teenager who was shot dead by officers.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about terrorism has caused a stir on social media.
Simon Pitcher is hoping to break the world record for the fastest solo rowing across the Atlantic.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal beat Sweden to reach the last 16 of the World Cup.
Five British men held in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The provincial capital of Helmand, Kunduz, has been under Taliban control for more than a year.
As the world remembers the horrors of World War Two, one man from Newport remembers the football which kept him sane.
It's almost time for Glastonbury to get under way.
More than 150 people were rescued from a fire at a hotel in north London.
Ghana and Ivory Coast have been told to stop oil drilling in the disputed area of the Black Sea.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving in the UK last year, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans' rape trial has been adjourned until the end of the year.
The British and Irish Lions' exit from the tour of New Zealand was a huge blow to Stuart Hogg's chances of making an impact.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that beavers have been found in the Highlands.
Two men have been rescued from the roof of a building in Bridgend.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the Championship club after only eight games in charge.
A former CEO of a company that helps young people with mental health problems has been sacked.
Up to 1,000 solar panels are to be installed on homes in Kirklees in a bid to reduce fuel bills.
Andy Murray says he does not want to "waste his time" on the Lawn Tennis Association.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" during the club's promotion to League Two, according to boss Keith Richards.
British long jumper Greg Rutherford apologised to his mum and dad after failing to reach the final of the World Championships in London.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said no-one should have to endure what the families and survivors have been through after the Hillsborough disaster.
An RSPCA investigation has been launched after a pony was found dead in a remote part of Hampshire.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made it to Europe from Syria will be eligible for resettlement in the UK, the government has said.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has defended his decision to shave off his beard.
Dance act The Chemical Brothers have topped the UK album chart with their new album, The Last of Us.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of reforms aimed at reviving the country's economy.
The six remaining hosts of the Women's Cricket Super League have been announced.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in three years.
The bodies of more than 200 migrants have washed up on the coast of Libya, the Red Crescent says.
A new ceasefire has been held in Syria.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised ex-footballer Andy Woodward for speaking out about being sexually abused as a child.
Plans for major redevelopment of Dundee's waterfront have been given the go-ahead.
Ulster have appointed Steve Clarke as their new head coach.
Leeds Rhinos hooker George Galloway will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III says he is "thrilled" to have Bubba Watson in his backroom team for this week's event.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "hop and hope" he does not lose the joy of Formula 1 after his collision with Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
DNA has been found on the remains of 10 soldiers who died in World War One, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Andriy Yarmolenko scored his first goal for Ukraine as they beat Slovenia to reach the Euro 2016 play-offs.
Ospreys head coach Steve Rees says his side's second-half performance in their European Champions Cup defeat by Exeter was "simply redundant".
The final stretch of the M8 motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has reopened.
Match of the Day kicks off on Saturday, 13 July at 19:00 BST on BBC One.
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than men because of her sex.
Too many young people are "on the brink" of serious mental illness, according to a new report.
An Israeli man suspected of carrying out a series of attacks in Tel Aviv in October has been shot dead, police say.
A man who stabbed a man to death in a row over noise has been given a six-and-a-half-year sentence.
A California woman accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend has posted a bail of $40m (Â£30m) and pledged to donate $60m to charity.
The number of nursery workers completing GCSE courses in England has fallen, campaigners have warned.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the US economy is "close to maximum employment and price stability".
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power reported a fall in full-year profits.
In 2013, I met a woman who I thought was the world's cheapest fake girlfriend.
A black teenager from Swansea has been named young African-American of the Year at Black History Month.
A 16-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
Joe Root has been named as England's new captain, replacing Alastair Cook, who resigned on Tuesday.
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting to demand an inquiry into a police training exercise in Manchester.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has joined a Peckham theatre to give back to its young members.
Dundee maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a comfortable win over Ross County.
MPs have clashed over the plight of women born in the 1950s who have lost out on state pensions.
A Ceredigion university is to receive £1.5m in lottery funding to help pay for the building's restoration.
Institute have been forced to close their home ground in Drumahoe, County Londonderry, because of flooding.
Notts County have appointed BBC Radio Nottingham as their new chief executive and chief executive officer.
Germany has tightened its border controls to try to cope with the influx of refugees.
The impact of climate change on the Indian monsoon is being investigated by scientists.
Kenyan doctors have stopped working for the second day in a row in a dispute over pay and conditions.
The bodies of three US marines have been recovered after an aircraft crashed off the coast of Australia.
An escaped corn snake has been rescued by the SSPCA after being spotted in a park in Edinburgh.
The UK defence secretary has said the first of eight Type 26 frigates will be built on the Clyde next summer.
A suicide bomb attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least 11 people, officials say.
The Prince of Wales has led a parade in Conwy to mark the centenary of the Battle of Kashmir.
More than 100 Indian nurses who were kidnapped by Islamist militants in Iraq have been released, the Indian government says.
Craig Anderson says he is "not bothered" by claims he was punched by Rangers defender Kiernan Kiernan during last week's Scottish Cup tie.
Huddersfield Town manager Danny Sweet says the club's promotion to League Two is the "beginning of a resurgence".
Livingston came from behind to draw with Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a man found in a quarry more than 40 years ago has been unveiled.
Chipotle Mexican Grill may have been linked to an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials have said.
A Chicago girl who went missing on Sunday was filmed being sexually assaulted by a group of children, her mother has said.
Tsai Ing-wen has been described as a "quiet enigmatic force" by many who know her.
Andy Murray says he will not worry about his match against James Ward at the Nottingham Open on Saturday.
Chancellor George Osborne would be a "disgrace" if he pulls the plug on the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, an MP has said.
The number of animals being rescued in Wales fell last year, according to the RSPCA.
Formula 1 is back in full swing with the opening race of the 2015 season in Melbourne.
Armed police have searched a coach on the M6 in Staffordshire after a report of suspicious activity.
Four London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against the building of a third runway at Heathrow Airport, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Torrential rain and high winds have caused severe flooding in parts of Germany and Sweden, with temperatures reaching -41.7C in some areas.
The bodies of five French Resistance fighters have been laid to rest at the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
A 90-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being sexually assaulted in her home.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead going into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Proposals to allow gay and bisexual men to be pardoned in Northern Ireland have been agreed.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact pupils has been banned from teaching.
A popular car show in Coventry has been cancelled because of funding cuts.
Police are investigating reports of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor reached the semi-finals of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Peter Wright in the play-off round.
Disabled people are often left feeling isolated and isolated when they go out for the day.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants, his news agency has said.
A "culture of inequality" is preventing young people from going on to university, the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee says.
Google and other search engines in China have joined forces to crack down on phishing attacks.
Video replays could soon be used in United States football.
Zambia and Guinea have been drawn in the same group for the Fifa Under 20 World Cup.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something you've seen or heard, you might want to talk to your friends or family about it.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast.
Venezuela has deployed about 17,000 troops to the border with Colombia to try to stop the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland's media sector is dominated by TV and radio.
British number one Johanna Konta was knocked out of the Cincinnati Open in the second round by Ana Konjuh.
Plans to build a new supermarket on Merthyr Tydfil's former Butterley Brickworks site have been given the go-ahead.
Wales Under-18 batsman James Botham has made his international debut for the national side.
Britain's Michael Matthews won stage 11 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
If you have been sexually abused by a member of the public, you may want to contact police immediately.
The withdrawal of heavy weapons from eastern Ukraine is expected to begin in the coming days, Ukrainian officials have said.
Royal Mail has warned that competition is threatening its ability to deliver letters to all parts of the UK.
Daniel Radcliffe says he is "one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Five Russian soldiers wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the Order of Courage by the Kremlin for their sacrifices in the conflict.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to be "full-strength" against New Zealand in Dublin on Saturday.
The director general of the Philippine police, Rodolfo Palomino, has announced that he is to be investigated over allegations of sexual abuse.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
British number one Johanna Konta has been suspended from the Cincinnati Fed Cup for "serious misconduct".
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the first time.
League Two side Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of midfielder James O'Neill until the end of the season.
At least 11 people have been killed and 20 injured in two explosions in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, police say.
A 15-year-old girl has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash in the United States on Sunday.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a two-car crash in Ceredigion.
Belfast boxer James Barnes was knocked out in the fifth round in his professional debut by Alexander Slavchev.
Theresa May has said she is "confident" Donald Trump will be able to sign a trade deal with the UK.
The official estimate of the UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is based on three things.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online tool to help schools tackle the attainment gap.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over its refusal to return the Marbles.
Government spending on social security has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a think tank.
Albania secured their place in the last 16 of Euro 2016 with a comfortable win over Armenia in their Group I match.
Councils across Scotland are to review the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League as Odion Ighalo's hat-trick helped them beat struggling Newcastle.
Plans to demolish a Pembrokeshire pub have been unveiled.
A prominent Ukrainian opposition figure, Mikhail Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his home in the capital, Kiev, officials say.
The former adviser to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has written a scathing account of his time in politics, describing him as a "fake tough guy submerged in a permanent state of emotional dependency".
Wrexham are interested in signing former Plymouth Argyle striker James Harvey.
A room dedicated to the Duke of Wellington has gone on display at Walmer Castle.
Visiting an aquarium can make people feel more relaxed and happier, a study suggests.
Easyjet is developing drones that can be used to inspect planes, as part of a drive to improve the airline's fleet of planes.
A new trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
PepsiCo is to close its factory in East Durham with the loss of 355 jobs.
A new music studio in Manchester has opened its doors to the public.
Russian authorities have visited the offices of more than 100 human rights organisations.
The use of the swine flu vaccine has been linked to narcolepsy, according to a new study.
The number of UK universities in the top 200 has fallen for the first time in five years, according to a new league table.
Two giant Welsh dragons have arrived at Caernarfon Castle to celebrate St David's Day.
A bank manager who embezzled more than Â£4,000 from clients has been told she must pay back the money.
Australia is calling for a ban on vaccinating children in childcare centres.
Oscar Pérez, a Venezuelan forensic police officer, has been on the run for more than a month after he was attacked in Caracas.
The SNP has been elected as the third largest party at Westminster.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of a tree which can withstand a deadly fungal disease.
It's almost time for the final presidential debate of the campaign.
San Francisco has sold off one of the city's most prestigious streets, after residents failed to pay their taxes.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton United beat Gateshead 3-0 in the National League.
Two climbers have been reported missing on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Skiing Federation has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for two games after being sent off in Saturday's Serie A defeat by Juventus.
Have you ever wondered why you feel so sick when people smoke?
The Bracknell Forest forensic hospital in south London is to ask its residents for their views on its services.
Minimum alcohol pricing in England and Wales should be scrapped, peers have said.
Plans for a £1bn surfing lagoon in north Wales have been given the go-ahead.
Corey Kluber pitched seven innings as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-1 to win the best-of-seven World Series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo says he feels "really sorry" for his mistake in the Spanish Grand Prix.
Gay and lesbian supporters have called on Leicester City to be fined and banned from Brighton's King Power Stadium following homophobic chanting.
A large bonfire has been set alight in east Belfast, prompting calls for police to take action against the practice.
Donald Trump is too polarising.
Karen Purve-Jorendal was born in India in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who was jailed for 20 years after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia could be moved to a secure prison.
Pupils at a Powys school have voted in favour of changing its curriculum to Welsh-medium.
Tom DeLonge has left Blink 182.
A woman has been rescued from a hole in a tyre after getting stuck in a car tyre.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has defended his team-mate Marcos Rojo.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised for allowing cultish rituals to be held in the presidential palace.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car.
A campaign has been launched to get the death penalty back in the UK.
A three-year-old boy has died after being hit by a farm machinery in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for shooting dead his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.
The owners ofunsfold Park in Waverley have lost a High Court bid to overturn a decision to deny them permission for flight testing.
Oxford United have made one change to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup second round tie against Newcastle United, with defender Michael Appleton returning from injury.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to buy Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com in a deal worth $1.3bn (Â£1.4bn).
There will be a rebellion against the government over plans to devolve tax powers to the assembly, the first minister has said.
UKIP has set out its plans for a dedicated veterans' minister for the UK, in a bid to boost defence spending.
All images are copyrighted.
The government is to cut subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC understands.
A service is being held to mark the centenary of the bravery of Welsh soldiers who fought in World War One.
Great Britain's Jamie Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the semi-finals of the Olympic badminton in Rio.
It has been a turbulent week for London Underground.
Coventry City have apologised to fans after they were involved in a number of anti-social and illegal protests against the club's owners.
China has pledged to work with the US on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions between the two countries.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has been awarded a £500,000 grant to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
A Staffordshire air ambulance doctor who rescued 11 people from a rollercoaster has been honoured by David Beckham.
The Northern Ireland High Court has ruled Environment Minister Michael Durkan broke the ministerial code in approving a planning blueprint for Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Spire.
Hartlepool United manager Paul Hignett says he has been taken by surprise by the way his side have performed.
George Cole, who was best known for his role as Arthur Daley in the 1950s horror film Minder, has died at the age of 83.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, following the Bank of England's decision not to raise interest rates.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
"Every home and business that wants fast broadband will get it."
Colombia has arrested three people for allegedly trying to sabotage peace talks between the government and the Farc rebel group.
The Football Association has appointed a new head of women's football to help shape the future of the sport.
Former Manchester United striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in the club's Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been threatened with a box of money during a robbery at a bank in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has dumped the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, saying it was a "great thing for the American worker".
The funeral of a couple killed in the Sousse terror attack in Tunisia has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear dating back to 1891 are expected to fetch up to £1,000 at auction.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson was left frustrated by the way his side were dealt with by the referee in their Europa League defeat by Moldova.
Former Wales football pundit Dean Saunders has said he is running out of clean clothes at the Euro 2016 tournament.
Mark Wilson said he set a new world record for the most consecutive centuries by a snooker player as he reached the quarter-finals of the German Open.
More than half of the products sold in the UK's supermarkets are shrinking, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose bones were found in a towpath in West Yorkshire has been named by police.
Britain's Chris Froome suffered a setback as Jarlinson Pantano won stage 15 of the Tour de France.
The government has revealed most of its preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line in South Yorkshire.
Chesterfield came from behind to beat Barnsley and move up to second in League One.
French energy giant EDF has said it expects to give the go-ahead for the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
A fin whale has been found dead on a Norfolk beach.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman has criticised new US visa rules after she was barred from flying to the US because she was Iranian.
Schools in Wales are not giving enough support to able and talented pupils, an education watchdog has said.
A teenager who bit off part of a man's ear has been jailed for four years.
A senior Australian psychiatrist has told the BBC he was asked to delete clinical opinions that suggested prolonged detention could harm mental health.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named National Book of the Year.
Who better than the contestants on The Great British Bake Off?
An investigation into the management of a cancer hospital in Withington has been launched by the health regulator.
Scientists have reconstructed the life of Calvapilosa, a mollusc that lived 520 million years ago.
The Independent News & Media is looking to move out of its premises in Belfast city centre.
The parents of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has refused to remove their immunity from prosecution.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stolen car was driven in to a dead end.
Plaid Cymru's former presiding officer Lord Elis-Thomas has said there is a "serious constitutional challenge" ahead of the next Welsh Government budget.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has shaken up the world of first-date conversations.
Human rights group Amnesty International has accused the US and Europe of using "dehumanizing" rhetoric to target refugees.
There has been a lot of talk about junior doctors' strike action in England.
Bath have held talks with Racing 92 about signing Wales lock Luke Charteris.
Some of the notebooks and personal belongings of Welsh poet Edward Thomas have been given conservation protection, it has been revealed.
Matt Machan's unbeaten century helped Worcestershire fight back against Sussex on day two at Hove.
Former Barcelona defender Xavi says Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola can make a "revolution" in English football.
More than 1,000 patients have been stranded in hospital in Scotland in the last three months, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels will face "severe punishment" if they attack trains, India's railways minister has said.
A "mini-Tour de France" is being offered to Cambridge residents as part of a bid to raise awareness of the event.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged assault in Londonderry.
Sabi has returned to the Tunisian beach where six people were killed in the attack on the Hotel Imperial.
A Florida man has been charged with arson after a fire at a mosque that killed 49 people in June.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland has urged hillwalkers to help clean up the bothies in the Cairngorms.
Wakefield made it two wins from two in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Catalans Dragons.
Gloucester hooker Mark Atkinson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has died after suffering a stroke.
Celtic maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they thrashed Partick Thistle at Celtic Park.
Montrose boosted their League Two play-off hopes with a comfortable win over Dunfermline Athletic.
Championship side Burnley have signed Burnley defender Josh Jones on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £20,000 from a fraudulent account.
League Two side AFC Wimbledon have signed MK Dons striker Ben Smith on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has threatened to cut off cash transfers to Mexico if he wins the state of Wisconsin.
A Conservative AM has been de-selected for the party's new 60-member regional list in South Wales East.
Bairns manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish manager of the year award.
A man who wants the Sun on Sunday to publish an account of his alleged extra-marital affairs has been given more time to apply for a permanent injunction.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has come under fire for his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a potential buyer for the Championship club.
The head of a lion shot dead in Zimbabwe is to be mounted in a glass case as a memorial to the animal's killers, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Nicky Ajose scored a stoppage-time penalty as Gillingham came from behind to draw with Charlton.
Thousands of high earners are to lose child benefit after the government announced changes to the system.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Alan Curtis has been appointed Swansea City's new manager on a two-year contract.
A youth football club has cancelled all of its games after caravans were parked next to changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower will not sparkle on Monday night, the French government has said, in the wake of the Paris attacks.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup after failing to qualify for the last 16.
Middlesex beat Glamorgan by seven wickets at Lord's to reach the One-Day Cup quarter-finals.
The chief executive of a hospital criticised by the health watchdog has said he is "not ashamed of himself" after admitting 300 errors were made in a report.
Police have released CCTV images of a woman and a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Londonderry.
The number of dog attacks in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures have shown.
Heather Rabbatts is to step down from the Football Association board after five years in the role.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest one-day international century of his career as England beat Pakistan by six wickets in the final match of the three-match series.
Two people have been arrested after a car crashed into a group of cyclists, killing one of them.
The founder of a Peebles-based tyre-fitting business has been bought by Michelin, the Michelin Group, for £1.5bn.
A report on the future of national parks in Wales has been criticised by conservationists.
Surrey fast bowler Danny Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Virtual buttons have been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A group of fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
Poland's conservative Law and Justice party has won enough seats in parliament to form a new government.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged.
An optometrist who failed to spot a man's swollen eyes was "criminal" and could have prevented his death, a court has heard.
Burton Albion boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship with victory over Birmingham City.
Castleford Tigers prop Matt Garbutt has been banned for two games after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Catalans Dragons.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater to mark the 50th anniversary of the discovery of a missing yachtsman's yacht.
Falkirk Council has contributed £30m to a fund set up to invest in social housing.
Kent batsman Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season to help his side take control against Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa looks at the life of a diamond miner.
The Northern line extension to Battersea has been approved by the government.
Rail services serving English markets could be placed into other franchises, the transport secretary has said.
Tim Peake and Tim Peake have been working together at the International Space Station.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun and bomb attack on a hotel popular with tourists in Burkina Faso.
A 25-year-old man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who says he lost hope of returning home after years in prison has been reunited with his family.
Security firm mSpy has admitted that up to 400,000 customer details have been exposed in a massive data leak.
Twitter has been accused of making it easier for people to get abusive on the site.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has asked Fifa to reveal evidence of bribery and corruption at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been told by his fellow shareholders that he will not be able to take on the role.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo has published documents it says show former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments in 1998 and 1999.
Two people have died trying to cross the English Channel from Calais to the UK.
Belfast's Mohammed Yafai retained his IBF super-flyweight title with a unanimous points win over fellow Briton Michael O'Connell in Birmingham.
Opening hours at a Hampshire country park have been changed after a campaign.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to apologise for a tweet about a former Ulster Unionist (UDR) MP.
Pakistan's intelligence agency has admitted it had no knowledge of the compound where al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden was killed.
A US teenager who posted videos of himself using a drone to fire a gun is taking legal action against the authorities.
Traffic has been banned at the Elephant and Castle junction in central London for the first time in 50 years as part of a £25m road transformation.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares fell on Thursday as investors reacted to news that Japan Post plans to raise billions of dollars in a stock market listing.
Iran's moderate and reformist parties have won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections.
Rangers' signing of Bruno Alves is a "perfect fit" for manager Pedro Caixinha's plans, according to former Scotland defender Mick McCarthy.
Mae Gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed am gartref Hedd Wyn yn Nhrawsfynydd.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car at an Eastern Centre Championship event.
More than 800,000 pharmacists in India are going on strike in protest at online drug sales.
Donald Trump's surprise endorsement of Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate has been met with mixed reactions.
A man has been left "devastated" after his garden was flooded by torrential rain.
What happened to Nick Griffin?
A new programme aimed at helping children cope with the stress of moving from primary to secondary school has been launched.
Three sheep painted on a Wrexham street have been found safe and well.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a new deal for Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
A former partner of one of Northern Ireland's biggest banks, Nama, has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in connection with the sale of its Northern Ireland property loans.
League One side AFC Wimbledon have signed Aston Villa defender Sam Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
For many MPs, the chance to introduce a bill in the House of Commons is a priceless opportunity.
The US says it will release more money to Iran as part of a deal aimed at curbing its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying hopes were dealt a blow as they were beaten by the Netherlands in their final warm-up match in Amsterdam.
Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the deaths of four police officers in Dallas, Texas.
An Australian plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Papua New Guinea after a snake became trapped on the wing.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy the online news site Business Insider.
Families in Warrington are being offered free swimming and cycling to a community leisure centre.
The Kepler space telescope has discovered 216 planets in the Solar System.
The DSPCA has launched an investigation after a group of puppies were smuggled into the Republic of Ireland in crates.
Nigel Farage has accused the government of being "completely mad" to be giving out-of-work benefits to migrants from Eastern Europe.
A Durham University building which has been criticised for its lack of heritage is set to be demolished.
A stone monument in the Cotswolds has been awarded an award by the National Astronomy Trust.
A body has been found in the River Thames in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop secured pole position for Saturday's Ulster Grand Prix after a rain-affected first practice session.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report has said.
The union Aslef has accused ScotRail of "shambolic" and "professional" industrial relations after it announced plans to cut services on Sundays.
Hungary will not backtrack on controversial EU laws on asylum seekers and non-governmental organisations, Foreign Minister Bruno Szijjarto has said.
Imagine walking along a busy street in Belfast and you see Jesus sitting on the cross.
A security flaw in Topps' payment card systems has exposed the details of more than 100,000 customers, the company has said.
India thrashed South Africa by eight wickets in the second Test in Mumbai to take a 3-0 series lead.
The number of motorists caught using a mobile phone in Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked at a community farm in Monmouthshire.
A council has said it has run out of suitable land in Oxford to build new homes and cemeteries.
Singer Chris Brown has been shot dead at a party in California.
The US Air Force has revived a deal to sell combat aircraft to Nigeria, despite concerns over human rights concerns, US officials say.
MPs have rejected an attempt to change the law on gender-selective abortions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans for 4,000 new homes in Surrey have been given the go-ahead.
The impact of climate change on food security around the world is already being felt, according to the UN's food agency.
A man who defrauded arts organisations out of more than £100,000 has been jailed for three years at Cardiff Crown Court.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he is unsure whether captain John Terry will continue to play for the club.
A senior DUP MP has criticised those campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
Afghanistan's top police officer, Gen Abdul Zahir, has been sacked after a series of deadly attacks in the capital Kabul.
More than 100,000 people in the UK will die by the time they reach their 100th birthday, according to a new report.
Extinction of some butterflies could begin in England as early as 2050, according to a new study.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Cardiff-based outsourcing company is creating 300 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most unusual stories of 2016.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man.
A father jailed for killing his father in a house raid has had his jail term increased.
Oldham in Surrey is the most deprived town in England, according to new figures.
Ed Balls is to host the nominations for this year's Olivier Awards.
A tree is to be planted at a Carmarthenshire park to mark the 300th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to them.
The number of businesses going into administration in Scotland has fallen, according to new figures from law firm KPMG.
Cavan, Monaghan and Fermanagh have all made changes to their squad for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A police officer who gave information to a drug dealer he met at a gym has been jailed for three years.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his landlord in a "cold and calculated crime".
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Patient safety in the NHS 111 service in Oxfordshire will be compromised due to a lack of staff, a report has warned.
Nottingham Forest striker James Green says he was "dismayed" by his departure from Mansfield Town.
GB Taekwondo says it is "not satisfied" with the independence of an independent review into the sport's welfare.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season as they drew with Sussex at Hove.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who borrowed and loaned more than £33,000 to his victims has been given a suspended jail term.
Jamaica's drug testing programme is "not good", a senior anti-doping officer has said.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new manager of Italy.
Shrewsbury Town kept their League One play-off hopes alive with a comfortable win over Blackpool.
The EU referendum campaign has been one of the most closely watched in recent years.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos to a military cemetery in Manila.
Two people have been arrested in connection with the suspected slavery of more than 100 men in the West Midlands.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has doubled in the past week, according to the UN refugee agency.
An elderly woman has been reunited with her bicycle after it was stolen while she was shopping.
The father of one of the seven police officers killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow has said he feels "calmer" after a meeting with investigators.
Mario Balotelli says he will leave the pitch if he is ever again subjected to racist abuse by fans.
A charity event is to be held to raise money for the victims of a rollercoaster crash in Staffordshire.
Alfred Hitchcock's classic thriller Vertigo has been voted the best film of all time by a film magazine.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in New York state, has been shot and seized by police.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
Coca-Cola has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales fell in North America and the Middle East.
A small fishing community in western Cambodia has become an eco-tourism destination thanks to a rise in the price of mangrove shrimp.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been reacting to the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California.
All images are copyrighted.
A man has appeared in court following an investigation into the sale of drugs in West Lothian.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says his side's Euro 2016 campaign has been a "fantastic feeling".
The number of teacher vacancies in northern Scotland has fallen sharply in recent years.
Oscar-winning actor George Clooney has surprised residents at a care home with flowers and a card.
Work to repair a sinkhole which closed a road and left more than 50 homes without power has begun.
Everton have confirmed the signing of Leicester City scout Steve Walsh for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Jon Walters has been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Sweden on Tuesday because of a hamstring injury.
Saracens flanker Owen Farrell has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postie who found a postcard box in the loo has said he is "really sorry" it fell down the toilet.
Roarie Deacon's late goal earned Sutton a place in the third round of the FA Cup with a 2-1 win over Cheltenham.
All photographs by Gareth Iwan Jones.
The closure of the International Human Rights Tribunal (IHAT) is a "bitter pill to swallow", a former soldier has said.
Nigeria's ex-governor, Ikechi Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering and fraud charges at his trial in London.
A "hands-on" job is being offered at a Peebles hotel on Blue Monday.
Scotland wing Tim Visser says his side are capable of beating South Africa in their opening Pool B match at the Rugby World Cup.
More than 1,000 people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother who was criticised for breastfeeding in public.
Fleetwood reached the second round of the FA Cup with a 4-1 extra-time win over Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has won a legal challenge against the current abortion law.
What do you think should be honoured with a blue plaque at Peak Cavern?
More than 100 doctors and academics have signed a letter criticising the government's approach to the NHS in England.
The Mexican government says it has halted roadblocks in the southern state of Oaxaca that have been disrupting food deliveries since June.
A 7.2 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not resign from the government.
A £10,000 reward has been offered by Crimestoppers to help solve the murder of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Fabio Giaccherini and Pelle scored their first goals for Italy as they beat Belgium to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Rory McIlroy moved into a share of the lead at the Race to Dubai after a second-round three-under-par 66 at the Dubai Desert Classic.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after a man's body was sent to a hospital mortuary with the surname of a politician.
Plans to create 15 new jobs in Cambridge have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Mark Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time with victory in the semi-finals in Melbourne.
Heavy snow has fallen in parts of northern England, causing travel chaos and disruption.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train.
The chairman of Gatwick Airport has accused the government of undermining the credibility of the Airports Commission's report.
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium could host a world heavyweight title fight between Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury, says chief executive Stephen Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to change their mentality after they suffered their first defeat of the season.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Ryan Weston following his release by Wycombe Wanderers.
Retailer BHS is to launch a new website, with the aim of making it easier for people to shop online, the company has announced.
When Joba Rani was forced to sell her crops after the devastating floods in Bangladesh, she decided to turn to microfinance.
The US government is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close Guantanamo Bay, the director of national intelligence has said.
A long-running dispute between the Luas bus drivers and the Irish government has been resolved.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages after he was accused of selling oil to the Islamic State (IS) group.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling on the European Commission to stop negotiations on a trade deal with Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the sale of the club to former striker Chris Holdsworth, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland secured their first Six Nations win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists have used a gene editing technique to treat cancer in mice.
Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", is to be sold.
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize for Peace has been presented in Oslo, Norway.
Belfast Capitals beat Cardiff Devils 2-1 to move within one point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils.
Great Britain's women's K1 200m canoeing team qualified for the Rio Olympics with a fifth-place finish in the final at the European Championships in Milan.
Firefighters were not called to the scene of a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers, it has emerged.
A man has been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of terror offences.
Australian police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters at the Christmas Island detention centre.
Meat inspectors in the UK will have to rely on visual checks to check for disease in pigs' heads under new rules.
Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Aleksandar Dasilva on a season-long loan deal.
A mother and daughter have been found guilty of neglect after a teenager suffered a heart attack while swimming at a school.
At least 11 people have been killed in a building collapse in the centre of Naples.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United defender Tom Sweeney on a two-year deal.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been quizzing children about their favourite things to do in space.
A man who attacked a five-month-old baby boy in his mother's arms has been jailed.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the winner of a top international award, which recognises the best teachers in the world.
The "Northern Powerhouse" should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to help it work better with the north of England, a leading business figure has said.
Bristol Rovers have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Gary Jones on a two-year deal.
Adele has beaten Beyonce to win the best album award at the Grammys.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his side's "character" after they came from behind to beat West Brom.
The UK government has agreed to set up a divisional patent court in Scotland to hear patent claims.
A dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globes has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles.
Radiohead have recorded their theme tune for the new James Bond film.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-1 to reach the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup.
Police officers in England and Wales are being paid an average of £45,000 a year for overtime, figures show.
Archaeologists have discovered walling at Edinburgh Castle that dates back to the 15th Century.
A Canadian ice cream company is trying to buy a school in a rural town that could be forced to close if it closes.
A shipping company has been revoked from accepting waste after a fire at a recycling centre in Manchester city centre.
The man behind Google's failed Glass computer is about to go head-to-head with the man who built it.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini as the next Fifa president.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Gillingham and move out of the League One relegation zone.
Plans for a £1bn golf and tennis centre in Stirling have been criticised by Andy Murray's wife Rose Montgomerie.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep a raccoon dog.
Ed Miliband has always been a man of few words.
A Russian fighter jet has made a low-altitude pass over a US aircraft in the Arctic, US officials say.
Snapchat says it has seen more than two billion views a day of video posted on its platform.
Three has apologised after some of its users were unable to use its mobile phone network.
An all-boys school in Sydney has banned students from clapping during the annual Australian Day celebrations.
A "legendary figure" in Welsh politics has been named as Wales' four MEPs after Brexit, a study suggests.
When Bruno Di Matteo was diagnosed with depression at the end of the 2006 World Cup, his name was changed to "Sad Bruno in Mental Home".
Welsh taekwondo star Jade Williams says winning gold at the European Championships is a "massive bonus".
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must defend his WBA heavyweight title against Mexican David Ortiz in August.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) has been locked out of its offices in the capital, Abuja, amid a long-running power struggle.
A rare bird of prey seen in Northern Ireland has been added to a list of the UK's most endangered birds.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to face Slovenia and Slovenia.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for his satirical novel The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in central London.
England's Paul Levy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the German Open, which ended in a tie for fourth.
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
The US-led coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan says it has killed two Afghan soldiers in an insider attack.
Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Pro12 semi-final against Edinburgh will be crucial in deciding who will be selected for Scotland's summer tour.
Port Vale manager Eric Smurthwaite says he expects to see some Championship clubs interested in the loan signing of teenage goalkeeper Callum Smith.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in northern Colombia, officials say.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector has contracted for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Armando Izzo scored a late own goal as Roma beat Genoa to go top of Serie A.
Victims of the "worst journey on earth" during World War II have been presented with medals by the Russian embassy in London.
Three men have been charged with attempted murder after a pipe bomb was found in a house in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Lopez has topped the UK album chart with her new single, Encore.
Human remains found on a motorway in West Sussex have been identified as a man.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000, the health ministry says.
To some it may seem strange to cancel free lunches for every child in primary school.
The UK's construction sector shrank by 0.1% in the first three months of 2012, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's unguarded comments about Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK are being scrutinised by state media.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham defender Dean Keates as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A man has been jailed for six months after being caught with more than half a kilo of cannabis.
Air pollution is one of the biggest issues facing the world, but how do we reduce it?
Jazz fans in the US have been reacting to the news that a 13-year-old boy has been nominated for the Grammy award.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has called on the German government to recognise its responsibilities towards victims of the Thalidomide drug scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has made some startling new discoveries about Comet 67P.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under increasing pressure after a video emerged in which he bragged about groping women.
A South African woman has appeared in court accused of trying to cover up the murder of Oscar Pistorius.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Andyomic says he "doesn't respect the sport enough" after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round.
Barcelona have agreed to pay 1.5m euros ($1.2m; Â£1.1m) to settle a tax fraud case against the Brazilian forward.
Fidel Castro, the son of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II, has died at the age of 93.
A 13-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked by four men in Blackburn.
An award-winning science book about autism has won the Samuel Johnson Prize for Fiction.
Alex Danson has been named in Great Britain's squad for the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam, which begin on Tuesday.
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said his mother was "appalled" when she found out he had joined the IRA.
The number of people who have travelled to the Republic of Ireland from Northern Ireland has risen to 1,000.
A County Tyrone man has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a woman by careless driving.
Two men have been sentenced to life in prison for the death of Alan Kurdi, the boy whose body was washed up on a Greek island.
South Africa scrum-half Robin van Rooyen believes the Pro12 could help the Springboks gain financial stability in Europe.
Israel has denied that it killed more than 2,000 Palestinians during the 2014 Gaza war, saying it did not intend to do so.
Scotland's hopes of qualifying for the Euro 2016 finals were dealt a blow on Friday night when they were beaten 2-0 by Georgia.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says his WBA light-heavyweight title defence against German Alexander Braehmer will be his last.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill has been accepted by the government for the 50th anniversary of his death.
It is Saturday morning in Manchester and the city is still reeling from the terror attack at the Arena.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint in west Belfast with a crowbar.
Pop star Tinie Tempah is sitting in the studio at his home in Peckham, east London, listening to his latest album.
Aquascutum, one of the UK's most famous brands, is set to be sold.
A bank has apologised after hundreds of customers took advantage of a cash machine in North Lanarkshire.
A building at the University of Aberdeen is to be closed while experts carry out remedial works after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
The government is to offer up to 1,500 more doctor training places to students from disadvantaged backgrounds in England.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens beat Bath to move up to second in the Premiership.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Southampton's Oumar Kashket for an undisclosed fee and Southampton's Jordan Gape on loan.
The return of a manager to the English Football League is a rite of passage for many managers.
A woman who was "lovebombed" by a man who asked her for €3,750 has said she has lost more than £300,000 in the scam.
A court in Japan has ruled that women should be able to change their husbands' surnames after marriage.
Ospreys centre Jonny Owens says they are confident they can bounce back from their recent poor start to the season.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Chris Read says the county are capable of reaching the final of the One-Day Cup for the first time.
The Strictly Come Dancing finalist has revealed that he turned to alcohol to cope with depression.
As Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney prepares to announce his presidential running mate, here are some of the key names he will need to consider.
The number of hectares of opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has increased, according to new figures.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of parents who take their children on holiday during a school term.
A woman who was jailed for running a prostitution ring in Wiltshire in the 1990s has denied any wrongdoing.
The ban on blood donation in the UK has been in place for more than a decade.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece has called a referendum on whether to accept the terms of its international bailout.
It's been three years since England's first Test victory over Australia at Lord's.
Worcestershire and Lancashire's One-Day Cup group matches were abandoned because of rain.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Gareth Davies has criticised plans to reduce the Six Nations to six weeks.
A body has been recovered during a search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and pharmacists could be used to help deal with doctor shortages in the NHS in England, a report has suggested.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from the Syrian city of Aleppo after a fresh ceasefire came into effect, the Red Cross says.
At least 140 people have been killed in an attack on a Libyan airbase, officials say.
How much would you have to pay back if you were to start earning more than £9,000 a year?
Labour has appointed Diane Glass as its new shadow education secretary, following the resignation of Andy Powell.
England will face Scotland in a two-legged play-off at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are at a "low point".
It's been a year since Cheshire became part of the Northern Powerhouse, and it's already been a major player in the local economy.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in Belfast.
Somalia's military has said it is "frustrated" that it has not been paid a stipend for its soldiers.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in Sydney, Australia, in connection with the arrest of a teenage girl.
A 3D printer that can change shape has been developed by Nasa.
Dog patrols have been shown to reduce the number of gulls on beaches in the US.
A bird of prey has been shot in the head in Bedfordshire.
Jeremy Corbyn is facing an uphill battle to become the Labour Party's next leader.
Police have been given extra powers to stop and search during the Champions League in Cardiff.
A grassroots environmental campaigner in Cambodia has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work on the country's forests.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City and move into second place in the Premier League.
The world's poorest countries are the hardest place to be a girl, according to a new report by Save the Children.
England international Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One club Sunderland.
British author William Boyd is to write a James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has admitted having sex with a schoolgirl.
A man from Bristol has won the world's largest pumpkin.
McLaren chief executive Jean-Claude Boullier says his team are "fighting for the title".
David Cameron has accused Labour of hypocrisy over plans to double free childcare for three and four year-olds in England.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said Theresa May should take responsibility for the "soft" tolerance of extremism in our country.
Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Watson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a leg injury.
A crowd of 500 people gathered outside the Labour Party headquarters in Chelmsford on Saturday evening.
Munster will face an investigation into whether they broke concussion management rules in Saturday's European Champions Cup win over Glasgow.
MSPs are to examine the payment of returning officers to Scottish councils.
Police investigating the death of a man in Stevenson are appealing for witnesses.
Sarah Sen is a big fan of cashbacks.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's transfer activity this summer.
Northern Ireland's environment minister has been accused of breaching a ministerial code by unilaterally approving a controversial plan for retail development in Belfast.
Gloucestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan at Cardiff.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to seek a committee agreement to publish a flood protection scheme which could cost up to £17m.
Farmers in England are being urged to take action to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB).
A woman has completed her final attempt to run the London Marathon.
Labour has accused the government of "political football of the worst kind" over plans to downgrade services at a North West Northamptonshire by-election.
Michael Johnston has announced he is to step down as Kilmarnock chairman and majority shareholder.
More than 100 men from around the UK have attended a conference in Sheffield calling for more men to report domestic abuse.
Everton made a winning start to their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over Krasnodar, who were held to a goalless draw.
Jockey James Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae in a fall.
Millions of people in Scotland are watching the UK general election.
Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare says he would like to stay at the club for the long term.
The SDLP has called for an urgent inquiry into the number of unaccompanied children in Northern Ireland.
Belgium has reopened its metro system for the first time in more than a year after the Paris attacks.
The M1 motorway has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a Jet2 flight.
Breaking Bad is to return to UK screens for the first time in more than a decade.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Mark Haldane, has warned that the economy is "losing speed on the runway" ahead of a rise in interest rates.
Leicestershire Speedway have agreed a new deal to keep the team for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty has fallen for the first time in more than a decade, according to a government report.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 19th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
More than 1,000 young Pakistani girls have been sexually abused in Rotherham, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce says he wants to make England feel better before Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Witton railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has told the BBC that the UK will continue to oppose any plans for a joint European military headquarters.
The bodies of five people killed in a helicopter crash in north Wales have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the new leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed in a drone attack.
A cycle hire scheme has been revived in Oxfordshire.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to set up a monitoring mechanism to monitor any ceasefire.
A US appeals court has ruled that an uncredited sample of Madonna's Vogue song is not a copyright infringement.
Plans to build a new road linking Swansea and Swansea have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
King George's grand piano has been returned to the Royal Pavilion at Brighton's Victoria and Albert Museum.
India's economy grew less than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its Android smartphone.
A replica of the cane used by Oscar-winning director David Attenborough is expected to fetch up to £10,000 at auction.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has apologised.
Labour would end the "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts in England, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison's decision to sell his shareholding in Motherwell has paved the way for the club's future.
Police investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl more than a decade ago have renewed their appeal for information.
Regulated rail fares in England and Wales have risen by 0.5% in the past year, according to the Rail Delivery Group (RDG).
The NHS in England has opened a new centre to treat injured military veterans, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University has commissioned a series of portraits of people who have been painted or photographed by staff and students.
Derbyshire head coach Danny Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast next season despite their shock exit from the group stage.
England manager Mark Sampson says he is "disappointed" that his team will not be able to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Critics' Circle awards, beating Creed to the title.
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award for his book about soldiers returning from war in Afghanistan.
Former British and Irish Lions captain David Flower has praised the "incredible" partnership between Liam Duckett and Chris Bell-Drummond in the tri-series win over Pakistan.
My collection of more than 25,000 matchbox labels is growing rapidly.
A lot of athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, according to the Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is no reason why the Bahrain Grand Prix should be cancelled.
Michelle Dockery and West are to join the cast of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Arsenal midfielder Tarek Hamed has been left out of Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage and a raft of talent for this year's event.
A gas explosion which killed a man was "like an airstrike", a paramedic has told an inquest.
A baker has made a special Harry Potter cake to celebrate JK Rowling's 90th birthday.
At least two people have been killed in looting in Venezuela's capital, Caracas, officials say.
A London lettings agency is claiming more than £11,000 in housing benefit, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
Scotland will need to be "smarter and clever" if they are to beat France at Twickenham on Saturday, says head coach Greig Laidlaw.
As Australia prepares to become the first country in the world to legalise same-sex marriage, many business leaders are urging the government to consider the economic benefits.
South Korean lawmakers have broken a world record by speaking for 57 hours in a marathon parliamentary session.
It's that time of year again!
The Royal Mint has issued 2,000 commemorative coins to celebrate the birth of a baby.
Japan and South Korea have held their first direct talks in more than 40 years, amid strained relations between the two countries.
England midfielder Michael Carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says Roy Hodgson.
The inquest into the death of murdered schoolgirl Alice Gross will examine whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the world's most powerful Islamist groups.
An SNP MP has reclaimed a toy she found abandoned at the Palace of Westminster.
A US judge has ordered a Russian woman to hand over her fingerprint on an iPhone to the US government.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists his side can still reach the Champions League quarter-finals despite being held to a draw by Ajax.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
WBA world featherweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Julio Rosas on Saturday.
Mark Carney's decision to extend his term as governor of the Bank of England was a controversial one.
A review into end-of-life care in England is likely to recommend that the Liverpool Care Pathway should be scrapped.
Four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a homeless man in his own home.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty in the US of stealing more than 3.5 million credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in a "shocking and senseless" attack, the RSPCA has said.
One of New Zealand's longest-living wild pelicans, Lanky, has died at the age of 85.
Boys have overtaken girls in top A-level grades for the first time in England, official results show.
Parents are being urged to get their children vaccinated against measles at a Neath Port Talbot nursery.
Macedonia's President Aleksandar Ivanov has said he will cut a "tangle" in the country's political scandal.
The Prince of Wales has joined the Princess Royal in celebrating the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo.
Russia was likely to have been involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, the inquiry into his death has heard.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said the government's Autumn Statement failed to address "severe funding pressures" in schools and colleges.
The practice of identifying children who qualify for free school meals has to stop, an AM has said.
A new approach to fighting HIV has been shown to be effective in treating the virus in humans.
Seven police officers are to be questioned over an incident in which a prisoner had his fingers severed.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's fastest growing emerging economies, thanks to a growing number of young people.
Dover Athletic have been allowed to sign former Barnet and Eastleigh player N'Gala.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he is "grateful" for the impact of striker Kane Hemmings on his side.
The Royal British Legion is asking people to "rethink" their memories of war veterans as part of a campaign to raise money for the Poppy Appeal.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow reached the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup with a 2-1 win over Hamilton Academical.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the North American box office in its first five days of release.
Tony Award-winning composer Andrew Lloyd Webber has criticised the high cost of theatre tickets in the UK.
An app that would alert people to the dangers posed by natural disasters is being developed by a student.
Glamorgan's David Miller hit his first T20 Blast century of the season as they beat Gloucestershire by six wickets at Chelmsford.
It's been a year of viral videos and memes.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead in Bridgend county.
The Paris attacks have left at least 12 people dead and more than 100 injured.
The Duke of Edinburgh is retiring from the Royal Family.
More than half of a block of flats in Wrexham will be demolished by the end of the year.
A man has told a court he was shot in the leg by a gunman with a stocking over his head who threatened to kill his family.
It's been a week since Taylor Swift announced she was leaving Spotify.
Jenson Button says he is "worried" about the safety of the new Formula 1 track at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has staged an impromptu protest in protest against the police's handling of a rape case.
Police have said they are "steady in the camp of trying to catch criminals" after a year of success in dismantling organised crime.
Tickets for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out in less than 24 hours.
Former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has said he would not race again if he had been cleared of doping.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side are in a "fantastic position" ahead of their Euro 2016 quarter-final against Russia.
When Martin McGuinness set off for the Isle of Man TT in June, he had no idea what he would achieve.
Sussex batsman Tom Wells believes he is in a good position to challenge for the County Championship title.
A council has been criticised for refusing to move a 1,000-year-old rock which was allegedly hit by a car.
A woman who raised more than £330,000 for disabled pensioner David Barnes has been charged with attempted robbery.
Royal Bank of Scotland has said it will set aside £3.1bn to settle claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A rare painting of a Welsh nobleman has been bought for £2.1m.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be axed if the Welsh government cuts funding, councils have warned.
A South African judge has urged the Supreme Court to take a break from the courts to focus on the general election.
Turkey has lifted its ban on the wearing of headscarves in state institutions.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation for their master's degrees in cyber security.
A man who beat his mother to death in a "vile" attack in Norwich has been jailed for eight years.
At least 50 people have been killed in clashes in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, officials say.
A man who lost two teeth when he was punched at a residential hospital in Bristol has said he is "shocked" by allegations of abuse.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year contract after he impressed in his first season at the Scottish Premiership club.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe has died at the age of 87, his family has confirmed.
The UK government's investment agency has spent more than £100m on projects in developing countries since 2012, the National Audit Office has said.
A man who spent 47 days in prison after being wrongly convicted of an IRA robbery says he is facing a "soul-destroying" financial crisis.
A referendum on EU membership should be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections, Labour has said.
Jack Marriott scored twice as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1 in League One.
Jules Bianchi's father says he is "confident" that the Formula 1 world champion will recover from a serious head injury sustained in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
Legal services firm Axiom is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast as part of a £1.5m investment by Invest NI.
A man who made a series of 999 calls using a cordless telephone has been traced by police.
Northern Ireland's Mark Farmer moved into second place in the World Superbike Championship standings with victory at the Knockhill meeting.
UK retail sales growth slowed in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the British Commonwealth, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
A social worker has been found guilty of failing to check on mentally ill men in Vale of Glamorgan.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has rejected calls for the UK to begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union.
The US justice department has announced new rules that require police agencies to obtain a warrant before using mobile phone tracking equipment.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has cancelled a planned visit to Cuba to meet with Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
A dog that was removed from a County Antrim park has been allowed to return to its owners after a three-year battle to get it back.
Everton are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of England defender John Stones.
High winds and heavy rain have caused power cuts and disruption in parts of the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-west London.
Two men have died in a two-car crash in South Yorkshire.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United.
A new penalty shootout system is to be introduced in the Europa League next season.
A woman who has been collecting poppies for the Royal British Legion has died.
A woman has told an inquest how she was sexually assaulted by serial killer Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he is "forced to accept" tough new austerity measures after parliament approved a deal to secure a new bailout.
Millions of people across the UK will be voting in the general election on 8 June.
Yorkshire say they would be interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A Henry Moore sculpture, which was controversially sold by Tower Hamlets Council to Yorkshire Sculpture Park, is to be placed in London's Canary Wharf.
A County Londonderry man who was due to appear in court for driving offences has asked for a postponement.
A contestant on the Miss America pageant has been criticised for saying healthcare is a "privilege" and not a right.
YouTube is one of the world's most popular social media sites, but it can be hard to get noticed.
China's first trial space station will not burn up during its return to Earth, according to officials.
Chicken is one of the most sought-after foods in the world, but how much do you know about it?
David Cameron has been told his father Ian has died after suffering a stroke.
Syrian government forces have begun evacuating rebel-held al-Wair district in the central city of Homs.
Saracens head coach Stuart McCall says there is no reason why the Premiership side can't improve.
A statue of baseball legend Dickie Bird has been raised to make it easier for people to remove items from it.
Retail bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "catastrophic" for the UK economy.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United for the first time since retiring from international football.
The Rio de Janeiro school of samba has won the city's annual carnival title.
Wales is "paying the price" for not doing enough to protect its green energy future, a leading energy expert has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time since 2001, according to new figures.
Great Britain's Katie O'Connell won the women's 400m at the Vaasa European Indoor Championships in Finland.
All young people should register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales would have a new right to challenge police decisions, under plans announced by the Labour Party.
When John Chase first started his own crisps business, he had no idea what he would end up doing.
Syria says it has intercepted two shipments of banned chemical weapons destined for destruction in the east of the country.
A six-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira and opener Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries as Derbyshire dominated on day three at Edgbaston.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes is likely to be a "one-time flushing" of cash out of the system, according to a leading economist.
Oxford United ended Bradford's unbeaten start to the season with victory at the Kassam Stadium.
Plans for a housing development on the edge of a village have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be neutral when his side face Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Tom Hiddleston has denied reports that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The Lord Chief Justice has said the British government has a legal obligation to act as quickly as possible on the legacy of the past.
Nottinghamshire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Surrey.
The last two journalists to work in Fleet Street are to retire at the end of the week.
A GP surgery in New Zealand which was rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog has improved its standards.
If you're a graduate student at Singapore University (SMU), you might be used to a lecture.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to seven points with a comfortable win over Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood missed the cut at the US Open after two rounds of play.
A new academy to help people with mental health problems in West Berkshire is being launched.
A new air ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a British woman jailed in Iran has said his wife is "on tenterhooks" as she appeals against her sentence.
Lee Westwood says he is relishing the prospect of playing at Royal Troon for the first time since 2004.
Arsenal Ladies defender Alex Smith has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton has had its funding withdrawn from the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Tokyo in 2020.
The first of the gentoo penguin eggs have been laid at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in County Armagh.
A German man has admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist in Conwy county.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, as investors remained cautious ahead of the US election.
Blackpool have signed defender Tom Allsop and striker James Cooke on loan from Premier League side Fulham until the end of the season.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
More than 60,000 people have attended events to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man is hoping to break the world record for the largest egg.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire GP surgery has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed former Blackburn Rovers boss Jose Ribeiro as their new head coach.
Jamie Hardie is not afraid of the dark.
Indonesian social media users have been sharing their sympathy for the victims of the Jakarta bomb attacks.
A Lanarkshire-based company has announced plans to create 100 new jobs at its Kilrea site.
A tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open its first marijuana-infused resort.
Conor McGregor says he is "not prepared to fight in the deepest of trenches" after the Nevada boxing commission allowed lighter gloves to be used in Saturday's bout against Floyd Mayweather.
Plans to build 500 homes on an allotment in Surrey have been criticised by campaigners.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
A bid has been made to take over the troubled Bay TV TV station in South Yorkshire, the BBC understands.
Togolese football fans have paid tribute to former coach Big Boss Keshi at a match in the capital, Lome.
Two off-duty police officers have been arrested after a woman was robbed in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in Salford, police have said.
A Russian airliner that crashed in Egypt on Sunday killing all 224 people on board was a terrorist attack, Egyptian officials say.
Real Madrid have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The security of four internet of things (IoT) devices has been warned by security experts.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has convicted Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba of rape as a war crime.
Malala Yousafzai, who was born in Pakistan, has been fighting for education since she was five years old.
Chelsea have celebrated their Premier League title with a parade.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and move into second place in the world championship.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Seachill, one of the UK's biggest food companies, is reviewing its pay arrangements following the introduction of the national living wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been arrested at an unauthorised rally in St Petersburg, activists say.
Hays, the UK's biggest construction and property firm, has warned that "increased uncertainty" in the UK market is likely to have an impact on its business.
Samsung is to allow ad-blockers to be installed on its mobile operating system, the company has announced.
US consumer confidence fell in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who were jailed for sexually abusing two young boys have been given lifelong anonymity.
Eight people have been arrested as part of a police crackdown on domestic abuse during England's Euro 2016 match against Russia.
Workers could save up to £1,000 a year by using healthier modes of transport, a charity has said.
Five men have been charged in connection with a series of raids on properties in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he is not concerned about the fitness of striker Jacob Butterfield and midfielder Erik Olsson.
Kyle Edmund will play in Friday's Davis Cup first-round match against Janko Tipsarevic in Rhode Island.
Wigan Warriors captain Tomkins says he could return to the Super League club in the future.
Wigan Warriors kept alive their hopes of a play-off spot with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation has said she has been subjected to "a campaign of intimidation".
Scientists have revealed the "Michelangelo effect" behind some of the world's most famous sandstone landscapes.
The Met Office has issued its first weather warning of the season for parts of northern and western Scotland.
Using whole brain radiotherapy to treat secondary brain tumours does not improve survival rates, a study in the Lancet suggests.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year.
Josh Taylor is targeting a world title fight against Ricky Burns next week.
Aberdeen have signed Scotland international Stevie May on a four-year deal.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes between security forces and Shia protesters in a town in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province, activists say.
Turkey has launched a fresh offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in northern Syria, in a bid to drive the militant group from its stronghold of Jarablus.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she "never shied away from taking responsibility" for the party's loss of 40 MPs in May.
A woman has solved the mystery of a golden shell hidden in a velvet bag in a Lincolnshire art gallery.
The body of a soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks should not be exhumed, a coroner has ruled.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of missing schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A new search and rescue helicopter service has been launched at a former RAF base in Gwynedd.
Sport Ireland chief executive Peter Treacy says a row over the selection of the Irish team for next month's European Championships is a symptom of a "deeply divided" organisation.
The daughter of British aid worker John Haines, who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS), has called for the group to be eradicated.
Mark Trott hit a career-best century as Warwickshire beat Essex by eight wickets to reach the One-Day Cup final.
Haiti's Senate and Chamber of Deputies have voted to accept the resignation of President Michel Privert.
The data recorder of the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered, an Egyptian investigation committee has said.
The UK will not succeed by acting in isolation, the prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the government in its fight against discrimination in employment cases.
An Iranian football goalkeeper has been banned from social media for six months for wearing a pair of trousers.
Lindsey Vonn extended her lead at the top of the World Cup downhill standings with victory in Austria on Saturday.
Safety advice has been issued after two hoverboards caught fire in London in the space of a month.
The 2015 Women's World Twenty20 kicks off in India on Wednesday, with England, Scotland and Ireland all set to play in the same group.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea will be shown live on BBC One and BBC Two.
A hotelier who fell from a balcony while on holiday has been fined.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary, says vocational education in England is a "fundamental part of our society".
A Derbyshire swimming pool has been saved from closure.
The family of a man who was jailed for murdering a Belfast pensioner have said they have been "let down" by the justice system.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits producer, has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the financial year.
More than 2,500 people have signed a petition calling for the return of the Chagos Islands to the US.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to be chosen to star alongside Matt Damon in Kenneth Lonergan's drama Manchester by the Sea, but admits it was "the antithesis of what our culture has come to be".
Sri Lankan pirates have freed the crew of a tanker they seized off the coast of Somalia, officials say.
A young girl has been fostered by a Muslim family in east London.
The brother of a man killed in a fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry has said it shows "total disrespect" for the victims.
A traffic restriction which was abandoned after a council was forced to pay back fines has been reintroduced.
BMW has reported a rise in profits for the first three months of the year, helped by the sale of its stake in mapping technology company Here.
Being optimistic about the future is linked to a lower risk of death, a study suggests.
Dundee Airport has announced plans to begin flying between Scotland and the UK from next month.
A man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at an airport in Florida has been charged with murder.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in nearly nine years in the fourth quarter, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have discovered the world's largest groundwater reserves.
Charlton moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with a hard-fought victory over fellow strugglers Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 internationals Sam Rae and Ravi Bhatti from Glasgow Warriors.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa with a hamstring injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales.
Wimbledon is the oldest major tennis tournament in the world.
A bus which caught fire in North Lanarkshire has been repaired.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are among the UK's most likely cities to suffer from the impact of Brexit, according to a study.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a village in northern Italy after a huge wildfire broke out.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been formally appointed.
President: Alassane Ouattara
"Technology is changing the way we interact with the world," says event organising chief Rahul Aggarwal.
Ospreys moved to within a point of the Pro12 play-off places with a hard-fought victory over the Dragons at Kingsley Jones' Stadium.
When I heard that Zica, the name of a car, was going to be used in India, I was a bit taken aback.
General Motors has said it will stop making cars in India as part of a restructuring plan.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Hibernian defender Ryan Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship this season.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier who was attacked outside a bar in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, Camilla, have bought a box of mangoes during a visit to a South African market in east London.
More than 400 whales have been stranded on a beach in New Zealand after being beached by the tide.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans not to boo his side as they prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey moved into second place in the County Championship Division One table with victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Three British teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of travelling to Syria have been released without charge.
A police force in Powys has been rated "inadequate" in its efforts to reduce crime, according to a new report.
Ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts in Birmingham to take over some of the schools caught up in claims of extremism.
Turkish Super League champions Galatasaray have signed Morocco international striker Adama Belhanda on a two-year contract.
A man who was jailed for threatening to blow an airport sky high has appealed against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it possible to have a leaderless organisation in your company?
A plane forced to make an emergency landing at a Birmingham airport because of smoke began to seep into the cabin, a report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the first Twenty20 international against South Africa.
A Dundee hospital has apologised after some patients had to wait more than a year for eye surgery.
A court in Germany has charged seven people with attempted murder and attempted arson over a series of attacks on asylum-seeker shelters.
All political parties in Wales have to reflect on the impact of EU funding on the economy, the Welsh secretary has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, the Libyan who carried out the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103, has died at the age of 72.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq.
Thousands of people have been affected by flooding in parts of the UK.
TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to 31 March, compared with the same period a year earlier.
Heineken has been told to submit plans for its takeover of the Punch pub chain in London.
A new technology centre is being set up in Aberdeen to help oil and gas operators develop new technology.
Sunderland striker Adnan Januzaj will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men have been jailed for their part in a "widespread supply" of drugs that was seized in the Republic of Ireland in 2013.
Schools in England are being asked to set up web pages in the build-up to BBC News School Report.
An Iron Age hill fort in the Vale of Glamorgan has been revealed as an important site in the history of Wales.
A gun has been fired at a police car in Londonderry.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march to mark the closure of Kids Company, the UK's largest children's charity.
President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of "blasé" over a £6m subsidy for a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children could face poverty in the next five years under government changes to benefits, say campaigners.
Scotland's skills system needs to be improved in order to compete with the rest of the UK, according to a new report.
A US judge has sentenced a man to life in prison for the bombing of two US embassies in Tanzania.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage winger Kadeem Harris from Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The UK government's decision to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset is a major blow to the relationship between the two countries.
Tributes have been paid to a Glamorgan cricketer who was found dead at his home in Pontarddulais.
Reports that Osama Bin Laden, the founder of al-Qaeda, has been killed in a US drone strike in Libya, is believed to have been killed as well.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City and Aston Villa midfielder Ben Davies on a season-long loan deal.
Tom Williams scored twice as Doncaster Rovers came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
John Collymore has withdrawn his interest in becoming Nottingham Forest's new manager, saying he wants the club to be in "safe hands".
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch in Saturday's Super League game against Warrington.
Plans for a £100m redevelopment of Keynsham town centre are to be given the go-ahead later.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a charity out of £1,000 by playing with a banner bearing the word "justice".
Too many offenders in England and Wales are being turned away from unpaid work by the courts, a report has found.
Tommy Seymour will captain the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against the Hurricanes in Auckland on Tuesday.
Adele's latest single, Hello, has become the most downloaded song of the year in the UK.
Police searching for a missing man in Aberdeenshire have said they have made "exhaustive and challenging" searches.
Talks aimed at averting further strike action by Durham City Council teachers have been restarted.
Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said she has received "hundreds" of supportive messages from people in England and Wales in the run-up to the general election.
The melting of the Arctic sea ice in the past few weeks has taken scientists by surprise, according to one of the country's leading scientists.
A man who married a clerk at a Derbyshire office has said he has been subjected to death threats and abuse since he came out as a Muslim.
Cornwall beat Surrey to set up a County Championship final against Cheshire.
A virtual reality version of the Alice in Wonderland story has been launched in Conwy to celebrate the town's 150th anniversary.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils have accused the government of a "sham" over plans to widen the A1 in Worthing.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he is "really sorry" after being suspended for eight years and Uefa president Michel Platini has been banned from all football-related activity for life.
Archaeologists have discovered a "stone square" at a Neolithic monument in Somerset.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Cardiff Devils head coach Rob Bowns says he would not swap any player for anyone in the team's dressing room.
A boy who developed a rare neurone disease after being vaccinated against the flu has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police are investigating reports of people dressing as clowns in Pembrokeshire.
A former student of Boston College who was jailed for murder in the 1970s has lost a High Court bid to have the tapes of his interviews made public.
Cardiff City striker Ezequiel Ecuele Manga has been ruled out of the rest of the season with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers scored two first-half goals as they beat Cambridge United to reach the EFL Cup second round.
Paul Gill has been a UKIP MEP for 11 years.
A motorcyclist who died in a crash on the A9 near Strachan has been named by police.
Bees could be driven closer to extinction because of bad weather in the UK, a charity has warned.
The decision to take military action in Syria has been hailed as a historic moment for the UK.
A gunman has opened fire on a gay bar in Tel Aviv, killing at least six people, police say.
Sony has stopped selling its Reader range of e-readers in the US and Europe.
Israel has announced that it is to remove metal detectors from its embassy in Jerusalem, following the killing of two Jordanian policemen.
A summit aimed at improving the resilience of Wales to flooding has been held in Cardiff.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams who can challenge for the Premier League title this season.
A police dog has been put down after it bit a man while being exercised in East Yorkshire.
An artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot called Eugene has passed a Turing test for the first time, according to the organisers of the event.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's squad for the Rio Olympics.
Olympic judo champion Mohammed El Shehaby has withdrawn from the men's middleweight bout after being booed by the crowd at Rio 2016.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of Africa's fastest growing economies and one of the world's fastest-growing democracies.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to detect a protein inside the brain that causes Alzheimer's disease.
British number one Johanna Konta says she is not worried about being the favourite to win the WTA singles title at Wimbledon.
The roll-out of the UK's smart meter programme has been delayed for a third time.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has rejected a motion calling for a reduction in parking fines to £45.
A Conservative activist has told the BBC that a dossier detailing bullying within the party was given to the party's youth wing in 2010.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Holyhead.
St Ronan's Magherafelt reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Football Championship with a hard-fought 0-17 to 0-12 win over St Mary's Bessbrook.
Two high-resolution Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A schoolboy from a poor village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has passed his secondary school exams.
A report into the sinking of a fishing boat has called for a review of lifejacket testing following the deaths of three men.
More than 1,000 ancient Egyptian sites have been discovered using satellite imagery, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in Greater Manchester.
The final episode of BBC One's New Year's Day comedy series has been watched by a record number of viewers.
Apple has unveiled the $10,000 Apple Watch at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
A Scottish firm that makes sea salt from Loch Erisort has been bought by supermarket chain Sainsbury's.
Councils have been inundated with "slightly amusing" customer service queries in the past year, says the Local Government Association.
A painting of the coronation of Charles I has been on display in Durham for more than a century.
Plans for a new McDonald's restaurant in East Lothian have been given the go-ahead by the planning inspector.
Mental health patients detained in police custody for "unacceptable hours and even days" are being sent to A&E, a hospital has warned.
Tiger Woods says he is "like a five-year-old" as he prepares to return to competitive golf.
It will be one of the biggest sporting events of the year in Cardiff.
Take-Two, the owner of the NBA video game, has announced that it is to launch an e-sports league in the US.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire.
The world's number one is an idea as ludicrous to recent memory as anything else in that giddy list.
Aston Villa have signed striker Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan from Manchester City.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Tour de Suisse for the third time as he retained his overall lead.
Former Elvis Presley road manager John Esposito has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.
(Close): Shares in Easyjet and Madame Tussuad were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday.
One of the last remaining flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing at an airport after an engine fault.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England is at its highest level in more than a decade, according to new figures.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title this season is a "tragic".
When it comes to booking a concert, it can be a daunting task.
Microsoft has announced a "master collection" of its Halo video games for the Xbox One.
Tributes have been paid to the musicians who died on Saturday, following a short illness.
Home Secretary Theresa May should consider banning two "incendiary" anti-Islam speakers from entering the UK, a Conservative MP has said.
President Barack Obama has urged Democrats to "send some signals of unity" in the wake of the US election.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train crash in the Indian state of Odisha.
Glamorgan have announced a new schedule for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
A sports presenter has been charged with drink-driving after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
A police officer has described the "horrific carnage" at a nightclub in which two students died.
A woman and her child have been raped in a "very traumatic ordeal", police have said.
England's Mark Carter says he is "not 100% right" to compete at the top level after being beaten by Michael Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
A woman who was diagnosed with brain tumour and forced to postpone her wedding has died.
(Close): US markets closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates on hold.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the grounds of a stadium in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro ahead of a World Cup qualifier.
Cardiff City came from behind to earn a point against Brentford.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised for comparing Russian athletes to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested in Peru after posing naked at Machu Picchu, the capital of the Inca Empire.
At least six people have been killed and dozens injured in explosions in the Chinese port city of Tianjin.
More than 4,600 teachers in England are working alongside unqualified staff, according to a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Glasgow city centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is determined to lead the Labour Party into the next general election.
The genetic make-up of Europe has been revealed for the first time.
The owner of a boutique which has been linked to the so-called Islamic State group has said she is considering changing its name.
Police Scotland have been contacted by another former pupil about claims of historical abuse at Gordonstoun School in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said his party will commit to a "clear plan" for a fully integrated railway in public ownership.
The mother of a girl who was abducted and raped by a teacher in East Sussex has said she has decided to speak to the media.
Borussia Dortmund have signed France Under-20 international defender Kylian Mbappe from Paris St-Germain.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in June, according to official figures.
Nigeria coach Isaac Oliseh says he is "very pleased" with the progress his side have made in the Dutch league.
All pictures are copyrighted.
One of the world's longest aircraft has left its home airfield for the final time.
A couple from Wiltshire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
A group of ice balls have been created in Siberia, Russia.
Guernsey have been told they will have to pay £10,000 to play in the FA Cup.
Marvel Comics legend Stan Lee is to make his first film.
A cyber security conference is being held in Denbighshire.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
Athletes at the World Championships in Qatar have been asked if they have taken banned drugs, according to a study by researchers at Harvard University.
England all-rounder James Vince says playing in the T20 Blast will be "an ideal" opportunity to help his side win the World Cup.
A Scottish folk singer has found the grave of his great great grandfather in one of the country's largest cemeteries.
Flying Scotsman, the world's longest-running steam locomotive, has been painted green for the first time.
Saracens hooker Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Avengers: Age of Ultron will be the new villain at this year's Comic-Con in Las Vegas, according to film director Jordon Whedon.
Every morning at Moco-Moco, the clock ticks.
A snake thought to be one of the deadliest snakes in the world has been euthanised by the Scottish SPCA.
A convicted child sex offender who travelled to the US to have sex with two young brothers has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
It's not every day you get to watch a wrestling event live in your home country, but it's certainly happening in China.
Police in the US state of Texas are investigating the deaths of at least 20 people who were locked inside a trailer outside a Walmart store in San Antonio.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head while trying to protect two young children at a house in north Belfast has been awarded a bravery medal.
The maker of Irn Bru and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in sales, helped by a strong performance in the soft drinks market.
A man has been shot dead by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, hours after the killing of a black teenager by a white officer.
Madonna's been busy promoting her latest album, Rebel Heart.
Chris Grigg's injury-time goal earned Wigan a draw against League One Colchester.
Pop star Charli XCX has revealed that she's written some songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.
Facebook and Apple are expanding their maternity leave policies to include egg freezing and cryopreservation.
Muhammad Ali would have "picked" the Klitschko brothers apart if he had been in the same league as the legendary boxer, says former WBA heavyweight champion Bill Shavers.
The Bank of England has held its key interest rate at 0.5%.
The 2016 World Series between the Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians will be remembered as one of the most memorable in baseball history.
The Queen's Speech has set out her government's Brexit plans, including the so-called Repeal Bill.
The role of the RSPCA should be "separated" between its political and commercial roles, an MP has said.
Google has expanded its Street View mapping service to include images of the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of people have taken part in a charity swim in the seaside town of Tenby.
HSBC has appointed former Prudential chief executive David Tucker as its new chief executive.
The US will sustain a durable international effort to tackle climate change, says the head of the US State Department, Robert Pershing.
Michael Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he went missing from a nightclub.
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK by the end of the year.
A memorial to police officers who died in the line of duty is to be built at the National Memorial Arboretum.
James Whyte scored twice as Crusaders came from behind to beat Linfield in the Irish Cup semi-final at Croke Park.
ScotRail is to hire up to 100 new train drivers over the next three years.
The FBI has accused Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak of misusing millions of dollars from his investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu hanfon i wahanol lefydd hefyd yn ôl yr angen.
Police in Germany are investigating allegations that fake fathers are making money out of the influx of migrants.
Fines for data breaches in the UK have risen by more than 500% in the past year, according to research by PwC.
The Turin Shroud has gone on public display for the first time in more than a decade, the Church of England has announced.
People from outside the UK should not be charged for using the NHS, the health secretary has said.
North Korea says it has carried out a hydrogen bomb test.
A jury has retired from its deliberations in the trial of former police and crime commissioner John McDonagh.
The Scottish government has been accused of failing to update parliament on its named person policy, after a legal challenge against it was rejected.
Championship side Burnley have signed Everton defender James Browning on a season-long loan deal.
Thousands of people from across Scotland are being asked to take part in a new study into family health.
David is still walking in the streets of Aubervilliers, north of Paris.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates on hold.
Daimler, Germany's second-biggest carmaker, has reported a 6% rise in sales in the second quarter to 1.2bn euros (£1.1bn; £1.8bn).
Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said Iran will make "great efforts" to resolve the conflict in Syria.
Nintendo has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles fell.
Huddersfield extended their unbeaten run in the Championship to five games as they beat Burton Albion.
It's been a week in which council contractors have been accused of "blundering" their work.
A British aid worker who was beheaded in Afghanistan died as a result of decapitation, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Caroline Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A High Court judge has ruled that a wind farm in Conwy county should be given the go-ahead.
China's internet court has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a year.
Samsung C&T, the South Korean electronics giant, has been approved by shareholders in the US conglomerate.
A council plans to sell a statue of an Egyptian court official to raise money for local heritage projects.
Lancashire will begin the defence of their County Championship title with a home game against Worcestershire in March.
A "heavy gambler" murdered a friend by stuffing his body parts into a suitcase and setting it on fire, a court has heard.
Former UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Conservatives in Cardiff Bay, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has become the latest prominent figure to fall foul of the law.
Rangers cruised to a comfortable victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Uganda has said it will withdraw all its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of £5m from the Libor Libor scandal.
A teenager from Exeter has set a new world record for the fastest solo sailing round the Isle of Wight.
Chris Sidwell says he wants to stay at Brighton & Hove Albion beyond the end of the season.
A former health board boss who moved to the UK to get cancer treatment has called for more funding for the NHS in Wales.
Matt Disley's late goal gave Forest Green a narrow victory over Grimsby in the National League.
A giant model of atoms arranged in a crystal has been unveiled to attempt to break the world record for the most complex structure.
Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry into Bill Clinton's affair with a young intern, has been described as a man who could well become the first woman president of the United States.
Belfast Transport Minister Simon Hazzard has outlined plans to extend bus lanes in the city to seven times a week.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether the UK's election of Donald Trump as US president risks driving a wedge between the two countries.
Formula 1 teams have agreed to revert to the 2015 elimination system for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Great Britain's Paul Perry reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship for the first time with a 6-3 victory over Mark Bingham.
Ukrainian and Russian TV channels have been airing contrasting accounts of the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries to help Worcestershire fight back against Leicestershire on day three at Edgbaston.
A campaign to raise awareness of Islam has been launched in Glasgow following the death of Glasgow shopkeeper Mohammad Shah.
Spotify has announced plans to offer a range of non-music content to its millions of users.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Simon Mignolet needs "help" from his players after the goalkeeper made two mistakes in the 2-2 draw with Arsenal.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been caught on camera eating a Pringles sandwich while on holiday.
A Welsh man who wrote a children's book about his experiences of the Falklands War is recording it for the first time.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson set a new world record in the long jump to win the European Indoor Championships.
There has been a rise in the number of insurgent politicians in the past few years.
Southampton have signed Norwich City midfielder James Redmond for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended its handling of a row over an AM who has been accused of smoking recreational drugs.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria say they are "very much in the gathering of evidence".
A German court has sentenced a Dutch Nazi war criminal to life in prison for killing three people during World War Two.
The body of a Palestinian woman who was burned to death in an arson attack on her home in the occupied West Bank has been flown to Israel.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has been re-elected for a second term in office.
Borrowers are more confident about making repayments on unsecured loans than they were in the first quarter of the year, a bank has said.
Two men have been stabbed in the face at a house in Edinburgh.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
More than 130 jobs have been put at risk by the closure of Glasgow's Arches nightclub, according to an MSP.
Lonmin, the world's biggest platinum producer, has announced plans to raise $1.5bn (£1.3bn) in a share sale.
The mother of a missing four-year-old boy has appealed for help to find her son.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed hooker Alex O'Meara on a two-year deal.
Work is being carried out on a railway station to reduce the risk of train cancellations.
Torquay made it back-to-back National League wins with a 2-0 victory over North Ferriby.
The Foreign Office has defended its response to a petition calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
A man who murdered teenager Paige Williams has had his jail term reduced after an appeal against his sentence.
A group of anti-corruption campaigners have launched a legal challenge to the election of the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
A prize for funniest children's books is to be revived in a bid to mark the centenary of Roald Dahl's birth.
A Somali government minister has been shot dead by security forces in the capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Huddersfield Town goalkeeper James Ward says he would like to stay at the Championship club.
A Vietnamese man whose body was found in a park died after taking drugs, an inquest has heard.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Reading and Wokingham.
Canada's federal government has launched an inquiry into the deaths of indigenous women.
A Kuwaiti man held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released, his lawyer says.
The NHS in England is to set up a national registry of breast implant patients, which will allow patients to be traced more quickly.
A police robot has been run over and killed by passers-by at a building in San Francisco.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of indecently assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Bristol.
As a father, I am keen to help my 11-year-old son realise his dream of becoming a video game developer.
Bob Jungels extended his lead at the top of the Giro d'Italia to 38 seconds after winning stage five in Italy.
The rise in international visitors to the UK has been fuelled by the fall in the value of the pound.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is considering an application to extradite an Irishman accused of inciting violence in Egypt.
A florist is being investigated after receiving more than 1,000 calls from scammers claiming to be from TalkTalk.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a bill to stop lawyers asking questions about a rape complainant's sexual history in court.
Former Rangers youth coach David Durrant has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal Ladies and Manchester City Ladies will meet in the semi-finals of the Women's Super League One play-offs.
Cornish Reds head coach Dave Churcher says his side's front-row performance against Chinnor was a "really dogged" performance.
As Wales prepare for the Cyprus Cup, I am looking forward to the next phase of my career.
A leading candidate in the race to become the next leader of the UK Independence Party has been allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been drawn in the second round of the Nottingham Open.
A van Gogh painting hung in Reading has been described as "not a known work" by a Canadian collector who believes it is.
A new exhibition of giraffe art has opened at Windsor Castle.
The European space agency has said it will delay the launch of a rover on Mars in 2020.
A woman who has epilepsy has been praised by the public for her bravery after falling to the ground during a race.
Surrey's Liam Davies hit a century as they beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's.
Paris railway station has been evacuated after police launched an operation to find three men wanted in connection with the Paris attacks.
Scientists have produced 3D images of cancerous cells in the body to help diagnose the disease.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai after heavy monsoon rains hit the city.
The battle for the Democratic presidential nomination is under way.
At least 13 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a group of vigilantes in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
With the general election just a few weeks away, there is still a lot of legislation to deal with.
It is one of the most famous buildings in the world, with its towering domed roofs and soaring windows.
Jess Ennis-Hill has been described as Britain's greatest ever athlete by former coach Frank Minichiello.
Microsoft has teamed up with five Spanish telecommunications firms to build a sub-sea cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham in Norfolk.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia to discuss his son's case.
Scientists have developed a device that can transmit power to a rabbit using the same electrical wave as a cell phone.
Salford Red Devils full-back Tom Sneyd has signed a new one-year contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured after a car overturned on the M4 in County Down during freak hail showers.
Cuba has rejected President Donald Trump's new policy on relations with the US, saying it is "deeply disappointed" by the move.
The number of cases of measles in south west Wales has risen to its highest level since 2010, Public Health Wales has said.
A Chinese passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing all 162 people on board.
Two new species of flowering plant has been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
A plan to improve the careers of carers in early years has been unveiled.
An astronaut has played bagpipes on the International Space Centre.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" back at the club.
England Under-19 midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Brondby.
A couple from Falkirk have become the first UK lottery players to claim a £100m jackpot.
The attacks in Brussels have been described as a "black day" in the city.
A former Soviet army officer has appeared in court in the US in connection with an attack on US troops in Afghanistan.
Plans to turn Perth's former concert hall into a hotel have been given "preferred bidder" status.
Mark Macphee is delighted Northern Ireland have beaten Scotland to reach the Euro 2016 group stage.
Badgers in England are to be vaccinated against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
The use of urinary catheters in hospital is "unacceptably low", according to a leading expert.
Chelsea striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Saturday.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two new colognes named after the revolutionary leaders of the 1960s and 1970s.
A Conservative councillor has resigned after a racist tweet was posted on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University needs to take action to tackle "offensive stereotyping" of black students, a review has found.
A group of Muslim leaders have visited Auschwitz-Birkenau, one of the world's most notorious concentration camps.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Conwy county.
Formula 1 bosses have announced a series of changes to the sport that they hope will transform the sport.
A shop in Londonderry has been left "devastated" after a car was stolen from its premises.
Police are treating the death of a 31-year-old man in Glasgow as murder.
The ejector seats of a jet that crashed on to the A27 in East Sussex were not updated enough, a report has found.
There was a lot of laughter and applause at the opening ceremony of the UN World Yoga Day in Delhi.
All images are copyrighted.
The University of Manchester has announced plans for a new cancer research centre in Manchester.
Great Britain's James Hawkins won the men's 10,000m at the Glasgow International Marathon, despite being overtaken by Kenya's Ali Korir.
A fire has broken out at a Grade II-listed mansion in Dumfries.
Wolves defender Gylfi Bodvarsson says the club's new manager Paul Lambert has given a "clear message" about what his job is on the field.
The demolition of a derelict factory in Londonderry has begun.
A man who stabbed a disabled man to death and stole a TV, games console and a number of guitars has been jailed.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a fall in half-year profits, blaming "significant progress" in its gaming business.
A reunion and exhibition is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of Ipswich Airport's closure.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing vessel crashed into a wind turbine off the coast of Cumbria.
A toy lion that went missing from a manor has been returned to its owner after it was found in a box on the top floor.
The idea that soldiers spent most of their time in trenches during World War One is "shocking", according to a new study.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have called on the political parties to adopt sign language as their first language.
Scientists are trying to map the brains of babies as they grow up.
Former England captain Frank Lampard says he would not want Wayne Rooney to leave the national team.
A man has described how his car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
European leaders have been talking about the UK's election as prime minister.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death in a street.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work for the family.
Demolition of a Denbighshire hospital could be delayed because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): The UK's benchmark share index rose on Wednesday, helped by a rise in mining shares.
The chief executive of Virgin Money, Jayne-Anne Gadhia, is to lead a review of the student support system in Scotland.
SeaWorld has been given permission to expand its Orca Park in San Diego, California.
It's been another busy day in the English Football League.
Derbyshire have released all three of their players, including James Milnes, Liam McKay and Adam Lewis.
The number of first-time buyers buying homes in the UK has fallen to its lowest level in more than a year, according to surveyors.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives' M4 group has said he is "confident" a public inquiry will be held into the M4 relief road.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence as a "beautiful young leader".
If you're a new user of Twitter, you might want to check out the app before you log back in.
It was a night that will go down in Liverpool's history as one of the greatest sporting moments of all time.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the title track for the new James Bond film Spectre.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has said she will take legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive's chief executive.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by a shipping company.
Russian sprinter Yuliya Chernova should be banned for two years after failing a drugs test, says former world champion Martina Minichiello.
Girls and boys are being invited to sing in Gloucester Cathedral for the first time.
Great Britain's women suffered a 2-1 defeat by North Korea in their opening game of the Women's EuroHockey Championship.
As the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew continues to unfold in Haiti, BBC News takes a look at the resilience of the people who survived.
Skyscanner has reported record revenues for 2015, helped by a rise in the number of people using its website.
The first all-new car factory in the West Midlands has opened.
A third man has been arrested in connection with a shooting in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the significance of the United Nations.
The value of the pound has fallen by more than a third since the start of the year, mainly due to the uncertainty surrounding the UK's membership of the European Union.
A new distillery in Dumfries and Galloway has been announced.
BBC Radio 1 is to launch a new version of its Official Chart Show, which will feature the top 20 songs of the week.
The number of people dying from tuberculosis (TB) in the wild is "far more than previously recognised", according to a leading charity.
Andy Murray will be a "dominant force" in tennis going forward if he stays fit and healthy, says former world number one Mark Henman.
Great Britain's John Higgins beat Mark Bingham 7-6 to win the World Championship for the first time.
Schools in the United States have the highest number of sleep deprived students, according to a study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has been greeted by police on his first day in the job.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation after a former scout claimed he was sexually abused by a former Chelsea scout in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Powys have been submitted to councillors.
Newcastle United striker Jonny Evans has been given a three-match ban for spitting at Ivory Coast midfielder N'Golo Cisse.
A 17-year-old boy has died after suffering a head injury at a party in north London.
Cardiff City defender David Hoilett says he was "100% ready" to work under new manager Neil Warnock.
The RMT union has said any notion that ScotRail profits are being siphoned off is "quite simply a fallacy".
Former Ireland batsman Kate Shillington has retired from one-day internationals after her side lost to South Africa in the World Twenty20.
West Ham boss Mike Dean has been criticised by former players and fans for his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Manchester United.
The number of prosecutions dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four of Wales' seven health boards are facing a deficit of more than £150m, according to the latest figures from the Welsh Government.
South African gymnast James MacKenzie says he is relishing the prospect of competing for Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after another woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected in April.
A man accused of killing a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in Iraq, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new two-year contract.
There's been a lot of talk about hot weather in the UK this week.
A minimum price of 45p per unit of alcohol should be introduced in England and Wales to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, a public health review says.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show after more than 30 years in the job.
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of its subsidies payments to farmers and crofters, the agriculture minister has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Ceredigion have been banned from teaching after being convicted of child abuse offences.
Nintendo has defended its Switch console after reports that some of its devices had "stuck or dead pixels" in the middle of the screen.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the IBF world featherweight title on Saturday night.
A new bus lane in Lancashire has been extended until the end of the year.
Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten century as Hampshire dominated Somerset on day two at Taunton.
Photographer Stella O'Connell has been photographing the Middle East for the past year, and she hopes her latest trip to Saudi Arabia will help give other photographers an insight into the country behind the headlines.
More than a third of people accessing Google's web sites have been caught out by malicious extensions, research suggests.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no desire" to revisit the question of becoming a republic.
Newcastle United's new signing Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as the Magpies beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Boxing is not for the faint-hearted.
Theresa May has been campaigning in the West Midlands and Yorkshire - but she is not doing much in those areas that are likely to go Conservative.
A film of the life of a founder of a Buddhist monastery in Dumfries has been screened in the city.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for the elderly in England.
A teenager accused of killing a woman by hitting her on the head with a "fixie" has told a court he "will not bother saying she deserved it".
A fire which killed two men may have started in a tumble dryer, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned all military personnel from leaving its base in Japan after a female officer was allegedly drunk.
The House of Commons has elected John Bercow as its new Speaker, after a series of late night votes and counter-ambushes.
Gangnam Style has become the most-watched video on YouTube after it was changed to a 32-bit integer.
Widnes Vikings moved up to second in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers.
A woman in Ukraine has given birth to a baby from a three-parent family, according to reports.
A Cumbrian hospital trust has been placed in special measures after a review found poor patient care.
Gareth O'Brien's late drop-goal secured Salford's place in the Million Pound Game as they beat Hull KR in extra-time.
Kharisma Bangsa, a 14-year-old Indonesian schoolgirl from Jakarta, was preparing for her first day of primary school.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship after losing to Birmingham City.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables at home than at home, a survey suggests.
A man has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
The master of a container ship has been cleared of drink-driving after a judge ruled he was not on duty at the time.
The choice of Mexico's central bank governor to lead the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has divided opinion in the country.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran, the foreign secretary has announced.
Cambridge United were held to a goalless draw by Stevenage in League Two.
Star Wars actor Harrison Davis has said he is "shocked" after his caravan was stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to speak at a charity dinner in Edinburgh later this month.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of full face veils is justifiable.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing disorder at Celtic's Scottish Cup win over Rangers.
Footage has emerged of a shopper hitting a woman with a packet of bacon in Greater Manchester.
On a dusty street in Bolivia's capital La Paz, a woman named Maria Cappa found a box of film fragments.
The Federal Reserve has said that it expects to raise interest rates in December.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has been asked to stand down as the party's candidate in the general election.
How do you hang your washing up?
Vietnam's Flappy Bird has become one of the most popular mobile games of the year.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Brighton for a protest against the number of people drowning on the island.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to help the Queen in her duties as head of state of the Caribbean.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Milos Raonic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
A forensic expert has told the trial of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius that he was on his prosthetic limbs when he shot his girlfriend at a toilet cubicle in Pretoria.
The World War Two conflict in the Middle East was one of the most devastating in the history of the world.