More than 1,000 people have been referred to homeless services in Wales in the past year, a charity has said.
A man has been arrested after firearms and ammunition were seized in Edinburgh.
Four people have appeared in court in Chicago accused of beating a black teenager to death in a video made for Facebook Live.
West Brom's youth academy director Paul McShane has left the club by mutual consent.
A "fasting-mimicking" diet can reverse the progression of type 1 and type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
Should there be a merger between two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica?
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Class programme.
It's one of the most famous comedy clubs in the US.
BT shares jumped on news that the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, will not be splitting up the company.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of taking his side to Hampden for the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,000 over the next three years.
An NHS trust has apologised after it sent out the wrong patient information leaflets to the Conquest Hospital in East Sussex.
The shadow foreign secretary has said there are "many conversations" between Labour MPs and the government to try to secure amendments to the Brexit bill.
Torquay United captain Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Shane O'Kane to Bournemouth.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in the Menai Strait could have been triggered by a visit from a police officer, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Jordan Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has called on the Trump team to make access to climate change data inaccessible.
The Specials drummer Brad Bradbury has died at the age of 69.
England's Justin Rose is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Former England striker Geraint Cole has warned he faces a "long road ahead" if he fails to receive a kidney transplant.
Pakistan has lifted its ban on YouTube, which was imposed after a controversial video was posted online in the country.
Leicester Tigers wing George Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Ben Doull says he has "dreamt of this moment for so long" after becoming the first Briton to win an Olympic medal.
More than 100 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
All photographs by Hamish Frost / Nevis Range.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $1.5bn (£1.6bn) by Hong Kong's securities regulator for its role in the rigging of foreign exchange rates.
The Baftas have always been a big night for acting, but this year's ceremony was no exception.
Andy Murray's remarkable run of form at Wimbledon has come at a cost.
Police in South Africa are investigating the murder of a rapper who was shot dead in the capital on Saturday.
A shot has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, prompting a police investigation.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill missed out on a place in the 800m final at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Austria.
Manor Racing has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The number of candidates standing in the general election in Northern Ireland has risen to 228.
What do you think about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100?
A teenager from Northumberland has been crowned Alternative Model of the Year.
A statue of a Royal Marine who marched across the Falklands during the 1982 conflict is to be moved to a new museum site in Portsmouth.
A 27-year-old man has appeared in court charged with breaching a terror control order, the BBC understands.
Former Sussex all-rounder David Anyon has been appointed head coach of the women's side.
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Josh Brown on a two-year deal following his release by Shrewsbury Town.
In the past few years, Disney's fairy tales have been relegated to the back of the box office.
It was a festival of Sodom and Gomorrah in Kiev.
When The Beatles played their first concert at Liverpool's Cavern Club in the early 1970s, they were the epitome of rebellion in the city.
South Africa's government has proposed raising the national minimum wage to 12,000 rand ($1; £1) an hour.
The death of Ethiopia's former military ruler, Meles Zenawi, in the capital, Addis Ababa, has been widely reported.
Azhar Ali hit a half-century as Australia beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the second Test in Melbourne to take a 2-0 lead.
The SNP and Scottish Labour have won the Midlothian West by-election.
Russia has said it will continue its air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-18 internationals Jack Hughes and Rhys Evans on two-year deals.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia, accusing Moscow of interfering in the US election.
Labour's plan to scrap tuition fees in England has been described as the "biggest change in university policy for two decades".
The final day of work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show crash will be Friday, West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service has said.
The former director of the FBI has said he is willing to share information he does not know with the president.
The White House has denied reports that the Obamas hosted a private party for the first time in the White House's history.
A number of roads in County Londonderry have been closed due to safety concerns.
Mental health is a very important issue for many of us, and it is very important that we understand how food affects our mental health.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Cindy Lee has agreed to release a second book after a US state investigation.
The US has suspended talks with Russia in Geneva aimed at improving the humanitarian situation in Syria, the State Department has said.
London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan has won the race to become the first Muslim mayor of a European city.
A children's song has been released in a bid to find a new vicar at a Devon church.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks after breaking his leg in Sunday's Champions League win over Everton.
A man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen, police say.
A passenger plane has been hit by a drone near the final approach to an airport in Devon.
A seal has been rescued after being tangled in netting in a Fife beach.
An archive of letters and sketches belonging to one of the world's most famous authors has been discovered in Edinburgh.
Leeds City Council's John Roache has been elected general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Ingalls Wilder says she's "frightened" by the prospect of performing on BBC One's Later... this weekend.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still be a Premier League player.
Exeter City have reported a pre-tax profit of £1.6m for the financial year to the end of June 2015.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole at a training centre.
Scottish businesses have reported a return to optimism in 2017, according to a survey.
An inquiry into police infiltration of political and social justice groups in England and Wales is to be opened by the home secretary, Lord Justice Pitchford.
New Zealand won the Webb Ellis trophy for the first time in their history as they came from behind to beat South Africa in a rain-soaked World Cup quarter-final.
A radar study is being carried out to "understand" why a 17th Century obelisk has been damaged by lightning twice in its history.
Italian fashion group Zara has reported record profits for the first half of the year, helped by a surge in online sales.
Lady Gaga's performance at the Super Bowl in Houston on Sunday will be one of the most anticipated shows of her career.
Victims of the Rochdale gang are still being ignored by police, a victim has said.
Flooding has forced the closure of a Coventry department store for the second time in less than a week.
A growing number of comments on the US government's website about net neutrality have been sent in at "unreasonable rates", say watchers.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club need to rebuild its facilities if they are to compete at the highest level.
Moana has topped the US box office for the first time in five years.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Cincinnati Open with a straight-set win over Laura Robson.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in Londonderry.
Scientists in France have identified a species of bat that carried the deadly Ebola virus in the case of four-year-old Emile, who died of the disease in 2014.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he could play at the World Championship if his wife gives birth.
Work to demolish a Grade ll pier in Newport has been approved by the council's cabinet.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge against the construction of flats at the University of Oxford.
A head teacher has written to parents to warn them of the "unthinkable" cuts to school funding in England.
Plans to create national parks in West Africa could have a devastating impact on indigenous communities, a report says.
Human remains have been found on the M54 slip road in West Mercia, police have said.
Russia's Andrei Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's middleweight with a unanimous points victory over Colombia's Jose Martinez in Rio.
University support staff in England are to stage a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate plans to close two primary schools in East Dunbartonshire.
Japan legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with FC Tokyo.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes in Indian-administered Kashmir, days after the anniversary of the death of a leading militant.
The result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union has been announced.
Sale Sharks full-back Nick Easter has left the Premiership club to take up a teaching position.
The death of some patients at a mental health ward may have been a contributory factor in their deaths, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
A man who inflicted "gratuitous violence" on two people has been jailed.
Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after testing positive for a banned substance.
Three men have admitted conspiring to supply cocaine worth more than £1m.
Police in Scotland are to begin using Tasers when confronted with a genuine threat to the public.
Glasgow-based engineering firm ID Systems has secured a £1.5m loan and equity backing from UKSE.
A Brazilian footballer who was on board a plane that crashed in Colombia on Friday has been flown to the Colombian city of Medellin, where he is recovering.
Former TV presenter Peter Robinson has called for a longer tunnel to be built at Stonehenge in Wiltshire.
Everton secured their place in the Europa League group stage with a comfortable win over Wolfsburg.
Bristol City midfielder Chris Bishop has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London.
The number of men dying from prostate cancer is set to reach a new all-time high.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Wasps came from behind to beat bottom-of-the-table Worcester.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in a gun attack on a museum in the capital, Tunis, officials say.
The destruction of Mosul airport by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants has been detailed in new satellite images.
There is "absolutely no danger" of a major disruption on the main rail line between London and Reading, Network Rail has said.
A company has been granted a permit to drill for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Online retailer Amazon has announced that it is to start recording sales made through its European subsidiaries.
Junior doctors are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United have extended the loan spell of England Under-20 midfielder Jack Kenny until the end of the season.
A Dorset college has been awarded £1.5m in government grants to expand its teaching and teaching facilities.
The Football Association's chief executive is to meet the family of Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of heading footballs.
The average wealth gap between the rich and the poor is about $50m (£40m), according to a leading financial adviser.
Sale Sharks have signed England Under-20 back row pair Tom and Tom Jones on a two-year deal.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
The UN Security Council has rejected a plan to hold a review of the world's nuclear arsenals.
The UK government's support for fracking in Wales is contrary to the approach of the Welsh Government, the government has said.
Tyson Fury's decision to pull out of his world heavyweight title rematch with Anthony Joshua because of depression is not a shock.
England head coach Eddie Jones is confident he has enough experienced players in his squad for the autumn Tests.
A collection of paintings by a World War One Fusilier has gone on display for the first time.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football is not a surprise, according to former Celtic manager Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after its head got stuck in a fence in County Durham.
Workers at Crown Post Offices in London are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and pensions.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party has said he would rather go to the SDLP or Sinn FÃ©in than the DUP.
Drugs with an estimated street value of £1m have been seized in County Londonderry.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said there is "a greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland after Brexit.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley says the club's players need to "keep their feet on the ground" during a "sticking spell".
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of demands imposed by four Arab states on Qatar.
UKIP leadership hopeful Ched Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader.
A taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, for allegedly raping a woman using the Uber app.
When Wales' team reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016 in Lyon, their fans were still singing the national anthem.
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire has been named as the most deprived area in Scotland, according to official figures.
Great Britain's Liam Cassells and Paul Scrimgeour have qualified for the final of the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock and Airdrieonians midfielder James Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea City and secure Francesco Guidolin's first win in charge.
The Irish Rugby Board (IRB) has released its latest anti-doping figures following the "Bloodgate" scandal.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of this year's T in the Park music festival, organisers have announced.
The White House has urged North Korea to refrain from "irresponsible provocations" after it announced it had restarted a nuclear reactor.
Human bones have been found during a search for a man who has been missing for more than 30 years, police have said.
If you want to know what the 'Good Doctor' is up to, read this article on the BBC Sport website.
Ciara Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce led Ireland to a seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe in their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying match.
The daughter of a man who died after being mistakenly fed a pill at a hospital in Essex has said she is "appalled" by the lack of leadership.
Britain's Mark Cavendish has qualified for the quarter-finals of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Paris.
More than £100m is to be allocated to emergency departments and waiting lists in Northern Ireland.
The parents of Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have filed a fresh lawsuit against Facebook, accusing the social network of failing to protect them from legal action.
A 15-year-old girl has been knocked down by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known spies.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee United striker Ryan Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier has been arrested by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) investigating alleged phone-hacking at a barracks.
A care home has been rated "unsatisfactory" by inspectors for its care and support.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was reported to police in north London.
More than 50,000 properties in Lancaster have been left without power.
A High Court judge has ruled that the government's refusal to approve plans for a 1,000-home horseracing development was "utterly deficient".
Councillors have called for compensation for businesses damaged by the new Valu-4-U ferry.
Lille have signed Tunisia midfielder Adama Sliti for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been visiting the International Space Station in Kazakhstan.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A civilian aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport after being intercepted by RAF Typhoons.
Five men have been arrested in the West Midlands on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
The 2017 European Championship kicks off in France on Friday, 10 June.
Great Britain will play Greece in their final warm-up game before the start of EuroBasket 2017 in London on Friday.
Australia reached the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Wales.
Scotland's players want to give Vern Cotter a "good send-off" when they face Ireland in the opening day of the Six Nations, says scrum-half Dan Strauss.
Gen David Petraeus, the former CIA director who led the US military's surge in Iraq, has said the Iraqi military must step up its fight against so-called Islamic State.
The personal details of more than 1,000 people have been accessed in a "malicious cyber attack" on the website of Edinburgh Council.
Rebels in Syria say they have launched a fresh offensive against government forces in response to the cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is launching its own adverts.
Dexter Hall is among the nominees for the Hyundai Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been cleared of assaulting a male prisoner more than 20 years ago.
Business Secretary Alun Cairns has called for cross-party consensus on the UK's departure from the European Union.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called on the home secretary to introduce a 'Hillsborough Law' to protect them.
Trolls who post "grossly offensive" images of themselves and their children could face prosecution under new laws.
Zarifa Faizan was just a handful of years old when he was shot dead by security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four companies have been shortlisted for the contract to run the rail network in Wales.
BBC Scotland presenter Robbie MacLeod is to retire from broadcasting at the end of this weekend.
Carlisle United manager Chris Coleman has criticised the League Two club's decision to allow his side to play at another ground.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a suspicious package was found at Old Trafford ahead of Saturday's game against Arsenal.
League One side Accrington Stanley beat League Two Preston North End in extra time to reach the EFL Cup third round.
A man who went to a cat charity shop to collect his tools has said he has been offered £100 by a magazine and a dog charity.
Kirsty Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after pleading guilty to a bank fraud.
Books of condolence have been opened in the Irish city of Limerick to mark the death of broadcaster Sir Terry Evans.
The Scottish government has been urged to make "cast iron assurances" about the future of orders at the Govan and Scotstoun shipyards.
Republican presidential front-runners Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have clashed in a heated debate in South Carolina ahead of the party's nominating convention.
Ukraine has beaten Russia and Australia to win the Eurovision Song Contest.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at a beach where five men died after getting into difficulty, a council has said.
Partick Thistle manager Gary Osman says he would be "disappointed" to see Alan Archibald leave the club.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of travelling to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Hull City midfielder Jack Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS is not very good at clawing back the cost of treating foreign nationals visiting the UK, according to new research.
Belfast Giants moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 5-3 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
The first steam locomotive to run on the East Coast mainline for more than 50 years is set to make its first journey to London.
A former head teacher at a school where he was sexually abused has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has topped the UK and Ireland box office in its first weekend of release.
Katie Williamson says she has no memories of a crash at the World Championships in Rotterdam which left her paralysed.
The gap in life expectancies between men and women is closing, according to a new study.
The former chief executive of England and Wales' police and crime commissioners has resigned from Question Time, the BBC has learned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Stephen King looks at China's debt crisis.
Plans for a £1bn super-sewer tunnel in central London have been criticised by a leading expert.
The operator of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "unrealistic and grossly misleading" claims about its impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A China Eastern Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing at Sydney airport after a hole was found in the engine casing.
A woman who was refused entry to the UK because her husband earns less than her has said she is "very hopeful" she will be allowed to stay.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic youth coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight could help Scotland's youth development.
The electoral commission in Democratic Republic of Congo has appointed former opposition leader Joseph Kabila as interim president.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Wycombe beat Exeter to record their first win of the season.
Australian journalists have gone on strike in a row over job cuts at newspaper publisher Fairfax Media.
Jockey Jack Marquand could be a champion jockey one day, according to his trainer Richard Hannon.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks with the government in December.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for failing to control their players.
Octopuses are more likely to display a dark-coloured stance than previously thought, a study suggests.
England's Laura Robson has signed a new three-year contract with the Nottingham Open.
Human rights workers in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they are concerned about the number of bodies buried at a cemetery in the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint former Southampton boss Ronald Koeman as their new manager.
The government's White Paper on the future of the housing market in England has been a breath of fresh air.
At least four people have been killed in an attack by the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in northern Iraq, Turkish officials say.
A body has been found in woods in North Lanarkshire.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi is the world's most expensive player, according to a new study.
The solar-powered aircraft Solar Impulse has left China for Hawaii.
A police and crime commissioner who was suspended for visiting a murder victim's family has been awarded a payout.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 83.
Captain Shane McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-1 win over Ukraine at the European Championship was a "wonderful team performance".
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected by the Supreme Court.
The daughter of a mother and daughter who were stabbed to death in Birmingham has spoken of her relief at being able to look after her father.
The BBC has learned more about two Americans who have been held in North Korea for more than a year.
South Korea's education minister has ordered an investigation after a mistake in one of the questions on the national high school test.
Rugby league club All Golds have held talks with the owners of their home ground in Gloucester.
A Sinn Féin councillor has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to ostracise him from his family by asking him for an apology and retraction.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been named in the Great Britain cycling team for the Tour of Britain.
A charity worker has admitted fraud and money laundering.
A Dalit woman has said she was beaten up with a sari and a stick in the southern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Turkey has said it will continue its military campaign in northern Syria until all terrorist elements have been neutralised.
Mae'r Eglwys yng Nghymru wedi cael ei anfon gan yr Esgob Llanelwy, yn ôl a pheidio rheoli'r broses o etholwyr Caerdydd.
Toshiba has said it is in talks with banks to raise funds to help it cut costs.
England captain James Anderson says his side would "lose 2-0" if they lost to Pakistan in the third Test.
Australia coach Warren Gatland says he was "disappointed" by Henry Ford's omission from the squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland midfielder James Hodson on a season-long loan from MK Dons.
A decanter has been donated to Inverness Museum to mark the centenary of the Highland Clearance.
A woman who killed a pensioner with a cake knife after a row over money for sex has been jailed for life.
The illegal sale of weapons on the dark web has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A former reality TV star who used to be the world's heaviest has been flown back to the UK.
A new class of drugs has been discovered which could help treat aggressive, drug-resistant prostate cancer, say scientists.
The Europa League will be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16, European football's governing body Uefa has announced.
Schoolgirls should be screened for signs of female genital mutilation (FGM) during the summer, a teachers' group has said.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a teenager was raped in a park in Inverness.
Former Swansea City defender Alan Curtis says it would be "tough to get back up" if the club were relegated from the Premier League.
The number of Welsh students who have repaid their student loans in 2017-18 has more than doubled, according to the latest figures.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of pretending to be a pilot of a foreign airline on a flight from Munich to Turin last year.
David Cameron has said too many people coming to the UK as husbands and wives are not learning English when they apply for a visa.
The number of children in Wales living in poverty has risen by more than a third in the past five years, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for travelling to their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the outbreak of the Ebola virus in March.
(Close): London's leading shares have fallen for the second day in a row, dragged down by falling oil prices and a sharp sell-off in Chinese shares.
The family of a woman who was murdered by a man in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago have appealed for information about prisoners who are serving life sentences.
A former Chechen leader has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a video appeared to show him in a sniper's pose.
Louis van Gaal joked that he had picked three centre-backs for Saturday's 2-0 win over Arsenal because he thought they were good enough to beat the Gunners.
Craft brewer BrewDog has raised more than £50m in a US crowdfunding round to help fund expansion plans.
Tata Steel workers have agreed to accept changes to their pension scheme in a bid to end a long-running dispute.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of the K-cup coffee pods, has been bought by a private company.
A university has removed a poster saying "Bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes she'd used a StR0nG_Pas5w0Rd%".
A man has been stabbed to death in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side's lack of international selection this season is not a surprise.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after completing a 38-game unbeaten run.
Plans for a new student accommodation at the University of Aberdeen have been put on hold until the end of the year.
A council has said it is "really, really disappointed" that a Paw Patrol character did not appear at a Nickelodeon event.
Colin Calderwood has been appointed as Brighton & Hove Albion's new head coach.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says being dropped from the British and Irish Lions squad gives him "extra incentive".
England's performance against Scotland was very good.
Great Britain failed to qualify for the final of the men's 100m at the World Championships in Beijing.
Two people have been seriously injured in a crash between a bus and a car in Fife.
A 25-year-old man has died after being hit by a forklift in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says she has been inspired by the work of former world champion Virgil Ward.
It's 70 years since the first atomic strike was carried out in Japan.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Peter Drumm has been granted bail in the Republic of Ireland.
Malagasy blues singer Lala Njava is one of Africa's best-known musicians.
For decades, Myanmar has been a haven for the Rohingya.
When I first met Ivan Lendl, I didn't expect to get a hug from him.
Teenagers are calling for the lowering of the voting age to 16.
Fernando Alonso's departure from McLaren in the summer was the biggest blow for Mercedes boss Toto Wolff.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, according to a study of more than 14,000 people.
Two adults and two children have been rescued from a beach in Weston-super-Mare.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he has changed his mind on a bill which would make assisted suicide legal in England and Wales.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision", says Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are continuing to search for survivors from the rubble of a garment factory that collapsed in the capital Dhaka on Wednesday.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic lifted the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history with victory over Aberdeen at Hampden.
The death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive polonium 210, has been described as one of the most remarkable murder cases in modern times.
A health board has been fined £154,054 by the auditor general over its handling of a charity challenge.
An elderly woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi.
A man has denied helping victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at the challenges facing Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been told to demolish it or face jail.
The first trams have opened to the public in Nottingham after delays caused by the construction of two new stations.
Vans used for a DIY SOS project have been stolen in a series of thefts, the BBC has said.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss for 2015 for the first time in its history.
EE and Three are the best mobile operators in the UK, according to a new study.
A homeless man who drove a rollercoaster across Dumfries in a bid to get home from a night out drinking has been given a community order.
Vila Uniao, a neighbourhood in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro, has been saved from demolition.
The UK's nuclear regulator has agreed to raise the safety limit for one of the country's ageing reactors.
A US man who shot dead Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe has been questioned by police over the killing of the animal.
A Scotch whisky distillery is to celebrate the 200th anniversary of its establishment on Islay.
Painting artist John Hockney has told an inquest how acid severely burned his friend's throat before perforating his stomach.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has won a silver medal at the Olympic Games in Rio.
A United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to Chicago has been diverted to Edinburgh after a fuel leak.
The Great City Games is due to take place in Manchester later this week, amid heightened security following the Manchester bombing.
The government spent £8.3bn on converting 203 state schools in England into academies in the two years to March 2012, according to a report.
When Russell Knox arrived at Royal Birkdale for the Scottish Open, he was greeted with a mixture of excitement and excitement.
The mother of murdered Charlene Downes has said she is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over a lack of information about her daughter's disappearance.
Police investigating allegations of bribery at the Olympics in Rio have questioned the head of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
The English Football League has announced the draw for the first round of the Carabao Cup.
A baby marmoset that was stolen from a zoo in Australia has been reunited with its mother.
Women in the intelligence services are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has described the Westminster terror attack as a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Powell has announced she has given birth to a baby girl.
A lorry driver has been jailed for five years for causing the deaths of two men by dangerous driving.
A Belfast woman who underwent gender identity surgery at the age of 69 has said she is "happy" after receiving the help she needed.
Astronomers have discovered the first gas giant planet ever discovered.
Thousands of peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport ahead of the Nato summit in the city.
A man has been arrested in connection with the hacking of Kate Middleton's iCloud account.
The Polish embassy in London has said it is investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against Polish nationals following the EU referendum.
Ospreys have signed Scarlets centre Rob McCusker on loan until the end of the season.
Gunmen have attacked a motorcade carrying about 250,000 euros (£200,000) in cash and documents from the Saudi embassy in Paris, police say.
The phrase 'woman in a man's world' is an apt one.
More than 2,600 telephone customers and broadband customers in Orkney were left without access to the mainland after problems with a radio transmitter.
Pupils at a convent school have been told they will no longer be able to attend their prom because of the financial strain.
Mohamed is a football fan who plays for the Turkish national team.
Former Charlton Athletic chief executive Paul Porter has left the club by mutual consent.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted she did not drink enough wine during the State of the Union address last month.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's former Prime Minister John Key has announced his resignation.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of promoting personal attacks on candidates on social media "on an industrial scale".
Police have appealed for information about a taxi driver they want to speak to in connection with an attempted kidnap in Derbyshire.
A food truck is to become the first in Scotland to provide training and support to ex-offenders who have made a commitment to change their lives away from violence.
A man who raped a woman in Cessnock more than 20 years ago has been named by police.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at the city's police headquarters.
A paedophile who groomed a 14-year-old boy via social media has been jailed for 13 years.
Samantha is set to become the first woman to be sent to the International Space Station (ISS).
A councillor has been warned she faces a High Court injunction if she takes part in protests against tree removal works in Sheffield.
Team Sky's leader Dave Brailsford is "completely behind" the team, according to former team-mate Geraint Thomas.
Snap, the messaging app owned by Snapchat, has revealed details about its new augmented reality glasses.
Guinea-Bissau have signed a contract to host the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations after players went on strike over unpaid bonuses.
David Cameron has said it is "very important" that grammar schools in England are allowed to expand.
Bristol City moved up to second in the Championship with victory at Watford.
Prisoners who were locked in their cells for three days have been told they can spend significantly longer behind bars.
England captain Joe Root says Peter Moores has given him the "best out of him" during his time as Test coach.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann has vowed to continue to believe his side can reach the League One play-offs.
A public inquiry has been held into plans to build more than 1,000 homes on a former quarry site in Kent.
Work to stabilise a railway line which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against when he found a monkey on a colleague's desk has reached a settlement with the Metropolitan Police.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants to kill journalists if they do not do anything wrong.
A surfer has died after being attacked by a shark in Western Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a kayak at a lifeboat event in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's most diversified economies.
A toddler who died after she was left alone in the bath suffered "many and terrible injuries", a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen hailed his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat St Johnstone.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend in a "violent" attack.
Three firefighters have been praised for saving the life of a man who was trapped in a crushed car.
More than 1,500 armed police officers will be patrolling London's streets by the end of 2017, Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial electoral reform bill, paving the way for a second-round run-off.
(Close): Wall Street ended the week on a positive note, with banks leading the way.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a three-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Olympic gold medallists Katie Peacock and Hannah Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the IPC Athletics World Championships in London.
An Afghan man who says he was raped by his wife has been urged by the president to press for justice.
A man who broke into his girlfriend's home and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for three years.
Jonathan Trott hit his first County Championship century of the season to help Warwickshire earn a draw with Somerset.
Mickey Demetriou's stoppage-time free-kick gave Newport County victory over Yeovil Town, their first win under manager Mike Flynn.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England opened their World Cup campaign with a comfortable win over Guinea.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned after posting a picture of herself with a UKIP van in her constituency of Rochester and Strood.
The Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter is suing Universal Music and its subsidiary over royalties from digital downloads.
A delegation of Scottish oil and gas companies has arrived in the US for a trade mission to Myanmar.
The deportation of thousands of Haitians to the Dominican Republic last year has exposed greater divisions within the Catholic Church in the region.
A multi-million pound expansion of a Surrey town centre has been given the go-ahead.
Portsmouth have signed Vincent Langanzi from Coventry City for an undisclosed fee.
Ulster have been boosted by the news that Gareth Henderson and Tommy Bowe will be available for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre.
Plans to turn a Brecon Beacons pub into a convenience store have been approved by councillors.
Aberdeen came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and move up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to deal with refugees from the Middle East.
Leading scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to clarify its decision to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops.
A school has been accused of breaching its uniform policy by refusing to allow a four-year-old girl to wear a headscarf.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits and benefits has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of killing his great-grandfather in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
When I arrived in Canada last week, I was delighted to see a record crowd of more than 2,000 at the Women's World Cup.
Nigel Hamilton is "utterly committed" to the EU, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
Jose Mourinho says Manchester United's victory over Chelsea was "less than you think" as they prepared for their title challenge.
A review into the quality of life of older people in residential care in Wales is to be launched.
S4C has appointed Rhys Evans as its new leader.
Mae pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth wedi bod yn cael eu gorau i lesteirio amserlen y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
Scientists are to carry out a major study into the mystery of as-yet undescribed human remains.
Liverpool midfielder Mamadou Sakho's case against the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has been dropped after Uefa said it was "not possible" to tell whether a banned substance was on the banned list.
The UK should be the first country in the world to introduce genetically modified (GM) crops, according to a report.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called for the resignation of the military's chief of staff.
A review into the future of Welsh broadcaster S4C is under way, the Welsh Office has said.
One of Scotland's busiest railway stations is to close for three months to allow for major engineering work.
Liverpool are in talks with two potential new owners, according to the club's owner Sheikh Hasawi.
The proportion of top GCSE grades in England has fallen to its lowest level since records began.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of a global economic slowdown and a sudden pull-back in capital flows.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the Republican presidential debate, his spokesman has said.
Leicester Tigers have signed Bristol wing Ellis Genge on loan until the end of the season.
Changes to the way people pay their car tax could lead to job losses at the Department for Transport (DVLA), the chancellor has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says better wickets are the only way they can improve their form in the County Championship.
If you're in Silicon Valley and want to know what it's like to live next to Facebook's headquarters, you might want to look elsewhere.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 12-year-old Bailey Jones at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United left-back Matt McShane on a free transfer.
Three teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a street attack.
It was a bittersweet night for the Paralympics.
The Sykes-Picot map marks the beginning of a new chapter in the history of the Middle East.
Celtic winger Callum Roberts says he is relishing the prospect of returning to Manchester City at the end of the season.
Premier League clubs spent a record £1.38bn on agents' fees in the 2016-17 season, according to new figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford and Plymouth goalkeeper David Gilmartin and ex-Huddersfield Town defender James Brill.
John Dingledine, the founder of the Tor hacking project, has a reputation for being a tough guy.
A man has been found guilty of unlawfully killing his wife at their home.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" on the opening day of their Euro 2016 qualifier against Malta.
Bury moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable win over struggling Coventry.
Australia has turned back 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who were trying to reach Australia from Vietnam, the government has said.
Marc Marquez won the MotoGP title for the first time in his career with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Polly Glover hopes her coxless partnership with Polly Swann will click into place for the rest of the season.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of ditching their commitment to "fairness".
China's industrial production grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in April, according to official figures.
Microsoft's research labs are working on a range of technologies that could change the way we interact with computers.
The results of the general election in Wales have been announced.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Reading striker Tshibola on loan until the end of the season and Mansfield striker Sam Bingham on a season-long loan.
Voting has begun in the Merseyside general election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Belfast city centre to raise awareness of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer has announced plans to close its factory in Somerset with the loss of 230 jobs.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping and assaulting a woman in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the remote North Atlantic island of Rockall in 1955.
The Beatles' manager has been recognised for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life 50 years on.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed midfielder Jack Mooney on loan from National League rivals Lincoln City.
The UK government has published a new strategy on bioenergy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the Conservatives may have to increase taxes or cut spending if they are to win the general election.
Sophie Raworth is to join the line-up of presenters for the new series of Watchdog.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) says it will take legal action if a member of Fifa's electoral committee has a conflict of interest.
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a teenage girl more than 40 years ago.
The BBC's licence fee has helped boost the economy in the north of England, according to the corporation.
World number one Ding Junhui stunned world number one Mark Williams 10-6 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US has lifted security restrictions on Bahrain.
A ticket signed by The Beatles at their 1967 UK tour has been sold for more than £1,000.
The quality and cost of support for care leavers in England is "poor and worsening", says a report by MPs.
New rules requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" have been described as "political posturing".
A body has been found at the home of a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" to describe black actors is "very disingenuous", says David Oyelowo.
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their liberty unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
When Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979, she was hailed as one of the most influential women in British politics.
Oil and gas exploration company GDF Suez has discovered a new well in the Central North Sea.
Red Bull have rejected a potential engine deal with Mercedes because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive in Formula 1.
A cruise ship that ran aground off the coast of the US last week has docked in the Gulf of Mexico for the final time.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Montpellier.
Guernsey's Planning Department has launched a public consultation on the potential for development in the island.
Slumdog Millionaire will be screened at a screening of the film in the Scottish Borders later.
Tom Trescothick and James Trego hit centuries as Somerset put themselves in a strong position to beat Middlesex on day two of their County Championship match.
There was a "co-ordinated agenda" to impose a "hardline and aggressive Islamist ethos" in some schools in Birmingham, a leaked government report says.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been hit by power cuts.
In a hospital in the northern Vietnamese city of Hanoi, a mother gave her son a cash gift for eye treatment.
Argentina has said it will prosecute three British oil companies for illegally drilling in the Falkland Islands.
Two former Saracens players have been remembered as "big lads" by their former club's chairman.
An Italian woman who has lived for more than 90 years has died aged 112.
Scarlets head coach Vern Cotter believes Racing 92 have the edge over Scarlets in the European Champions Cup.
Widnes moved up to second in Super League with a bonus-point win over St Helens.
A woman who was ineligible to compete for Team Wales at the 2014 Commonwealth Games has said she would never return to the sport.
Maria Sharapova returned to the top of the world rankings with victory in the Stuttgart Open.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat defending champion Naomi Osaka in straight sets to reach the second round of the Australian Open.
Falkirk manager Neil Houston says he would be happy to bring in a striker if he was given the chance.
French President Francois Hollande has called for the EU to be "simple, clear and effective" and to withdraw from where it is not necessary.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of "wilfully dishonest" over his party's record on immigration.
There is "no room for compromise" over the renewal of the UK's nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
Councils in England are to get a quarter of a billion pounds in government funding to carry out weekly bin collections.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered the remains of some of the world's most ancient forest sites.
Sam Walsh kicked a late penalty as Catalans Dragons came from behind to beat Hull FC in the first round of the Challenge Cup.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal songs, including a cover of Don Quixote's Man of La Mancha.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took over as Cardiff City manager on a two-year deal, the Bluebirds were in the news.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says the club's "miraculous" turnaround has not made him forget the "tough" start to the season.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Gwynne has been re-elected.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a North Lanarkshire inn for the first time in 300 years.
Stephen Copoc, a gardener from Garston, was a father of two from Liverpool who died in the Hillsborough disaster.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for the murder of a transgender woman.
Ian Fleming has called for players to be banned from tennis for life if they are found to have been involved in match-fixing.
The US military is considering transferring Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison for treatment of gender dysphoria, a Pentagon spokesman has said.
David Cameron and Iain Duncan Smith are to meet later to discuss the fallout from the surprise resignation of the former shadow home secretary, Aneurin Duncan Smith.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the South Korea Open in the second round.
Growing up in South Korea was not an easy task.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Kyle McClean from Perth United for an undisclosed fee.
Disney is one of the most powerful companies in the world, according to a leading children's author.
The number of students who have been accepted on to university courses through clearing has risen to 437,070.
The use of phosphorus on grasslands in the world is set to rise by 80% by 2050.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said the country should do more to stop foreign investors investing in the country's housing market.
A 12-year-old boy has had a liver transplant after a 12-month wait, his grandmother has said.
A woman who defrauded a charity out of Â£2,000 for a charity trip to Tanzania has been jailed.
A former Greater Manchester Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A humpback whale has been spotted off the west coast of Scotland.
Portsmouth Panthers secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 4-1 victory over Sheffield Devils in the Challenge Cup final.
Helen Williams has been invited back to the Miss America pageant for the first time in 32 years after resigning from the competition in 1984.
Bidders have been invited to bid for the scrapping of four Royal Navy flagships, the BBC understands.
A company has submitted a business case for the proposed Western Isles electricity interconnector.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been released from captivity in Syria.
Goals from Jack Grigg and Ben Marshall helped Wigan to a comfortable win over Blackburn at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to need hospital treatment than their non-diabetic peers, according to research.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to draw with Preston North End.
The father of a man shot dead by Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro has called on the leader to clear his son's name.
The former director of an oral history project at Boston College has been ordered to hand over his personal memoirs.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop.
A strain of bird flu has been found at a turkey rearing farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning more than 2,000 people to Nigeria this year.
The family of a pupil who died after falling into a swimming pool have won a High Court battle over compensation.
The Gambia striker Victor Carayol says he is looking forward to representing the country at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, the country's electoral commission says.
Savings rates have fallen to their lowest level in more than a decade, according to a new report.
The Forth Bridge has been awarded World Heritage status by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has said it was unwilling to pay off manager Gordon Strachan.
The planting of jatropha trees in the Arabian desert could help reduce the amount of CO2 produced by cars and trucks, a study suggests.
Scotland's political leaders have urged voters to back the SNP in Friday's general election.
Burkina Faso's family has asked the French authorities to declassify military documents to investigate the assassination of President Pierre Sankara, a lawyer has said.
A bridge in the southern Indian state of Goa has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
Edinburgh is the most congested city in the UK, according to a new report.
A man who secretly filmed women and children in Falkirk has been placed on the sex offenders register.
Police in the Czech Republic have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being held against their will.
Hamilton Academical manager Tommy Wright says he will take "the hardest punishment" he can get with his players after they were sent off in the 1-1 draw with Hamilton.
Sam Smith has been nominated for three Grammy awards, including best new artist.
Hundreds of thousands of people across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the festival of the breaking of the fast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed.
A woman who was found hanged in her cell was sent to a men's prison because she did not want to leave, an inquest has heard.
The number of bankruptcies in Scotland has risen to its highest level for more than a year, according to new figures.
A group of children who were on a school trip when they were hit by a trailer on Carver's Hollow have said they are "devastated".
Andy Murray is on course to win the Davis Cup for the first time in his career when Great Britain take on Belgium in the final on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his fight with Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service at Rome's Colosseum to condemn the persecution of Christians.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to report the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a cinema in Aurora, Colorado.
Bolivian authorities say they are working with local authorities to contain a locust swarm that has killed more than 1,000 people.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by England at Hampden.
The emperor penguin species is more adaptable than previously thought, according to a new study.
Two polar bears have been bred together at a Scottish wildlife park.
Matt Martin will replace Chris McGuinness in the Honda team at this year's Isle of Man TT.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison after being cleared of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
A police officer in Texas has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who was pulled over by a white officer.
Shrewsbury and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in the EFL Cup first round.
Louis Vuitton's "Always in my heart" tweet has been retweeted more than five million times in less than a year.
A court in Chile has sentenced a former German diplomat to life in prison for his role in the so-called "Zionist" commune.
In the run-up to the general election, Conservative MP Byron Davies has been asked to give an MP an ice cream.
If you were in a fairground, there would be a fair where you would be able to take on the man who would be waiting for you.
A village pub has been named the UK's best community pub.
Mexico's health ministry says it is investigating allegations of medical fraud in the state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) detector has detected a new set of superparticles.
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes says the club's decision to move out of Cheltenham has caused fans to abandon the club.
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the Dunfermline Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was sexually assaulted at knifepoint by a man he had ordered to sell drugs has spoken out for the first time.
A US soldier has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the Pentagon has said.
Zac Efron has won best actress at the Critics' Choice Film Awards.
Torquay United have confirmed the withdrawal of striker Jack Spencer from their squad.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the squad for the Champions League knock-out stages.
A dolphin that became stranded on a beach in the north-west of Spain has been rescued by a group of tourists.
Two men have been injured in an armed robbery in Londonderry.
A doctor who has treated patients with depression has launched a challenge to get them to climb the highest mountain in the UK.
Neenu Kewlani is a wheelchair-wielding beauty pageant contestant from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Power has been restored to thousands of homes and businesses in Northern Ireland after an equipment fault.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a street.
Plans for a £1.5m cycle path in Manchester have been rejected by councillors.
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is "on watch", according to a report.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq increased the level of terrorist activity in the UK, the former head of MI5 has said.
Top weight Many Clouds has been dropped from the running order for Friday's National at Aintree.
The chief executive of the Education Authority has said teacher's pay in Northern Ireland is higher than the average in other parts of the UK.
The Royal Zoological Society in London is celebrating its 100th birthday.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has risen by more than a third, according to the BBC's Panorama programme.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a three-year-old boy was found in a cellar, German police say.
The Green Party is considering a number of electoral pacts ahead of the general election, party leader Caroline Lucas has said.
A Lincolnshire mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect".
A US gay rights activist has been hacked to death in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, as part of a series of attacks on gay rights activists.
Rule The World has been retired from the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are expected to arrive in Liberia on Friday.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with his disappearance.
Tributes have been paid to actor Geoffrey Hughes, who has died at the age of 83.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has fallen for the first time in 40 years, according to new figures.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to begin on Tuesday.
Fuel prices have risen by more than 5% in the past month, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RAC).
Students at Oxford Brookes University have been told to "show consideration to their neighbours" in a letter sent to residents.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) is in the midst of a series of productions to mark the centenary of the birth of the playwright Arthur Miller.
A hospital has temporarily closed its wards to visitors because of a norovirus outbreak.
A man has been charged in connection with an acid attack on two men.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance has been liquidated with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs, the European Court of Commerce has ruled.
Thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital, Amman, against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah.
Milly Dowler's killer Ian Bellfield may have given a confession to police, it has been claimed.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the possession of cannabis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes deserves "huge credit" for the club's recent success, according to former Rangers defender Stephen Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is close to signing a new contract with Everton.
President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan has died at the age of 86.
A previously unreleased recording of Led Zeppelin's first live performance in 1970 has been released by the BBC.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Dai Smith looks at the history of Wales.
A female prison officer has been cut in the ear with a razor blade, the Prison Service has said.
Online shoppers are expected to receive a surge in returns in the UK on Tuesday, according to the country's postal service.
Northern Ireland's health minister has said the current system of care in Northern Ireland is not fit for purpose.
A schoolgirl who was seriously injured in a coach crash in Belgium has returned to school.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership.
Former Rangers midfielder Scott Daly says he would consider a move to Dundee United if the club offered him a new deal.
Derby County moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Ipswich.
Oil prices have risen to a fresh all-time high, boosted by a fall in US crude inventories.
A Chinese man has been arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol in a Fast and Furious-style race, state media report.
Councils in England are failing to replace enough of their homes sold through the government's Right to Buy scheme, Shelter has said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has backed a bill that would limit foreign ownership of Russian media.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands have been given the go-ahead.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car was stolen in Belfast.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ryan Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to take in 160,000 more migrants over the next two years, in a bid to tackle the migrant crisis.
The directors of a company involved in the £10m Sixfields Stadium redevelopment have been revealed.
It's been a turbulent week for Russia's opposition.
Supporters of Haitian opposition leader Guy Philippe have held a public hearing to demand his release from prison on drug trafficking charges.
A health trust is offering free accommodation to staff at three hospitals in the south of England as part of a recruitment drive.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the Indian city of Mumbai, police say.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French prosecutor for alleged involvement in a blackmail plot.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jack Chow on a two-year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a five-wicket win over Hampshire at Hove.
Thousands of people are taking part in Christmas Day swims in the sea, rivers and lidos across the UK.
Three Chinese weightlifting gold medallists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics for one year.
The number of empty shops in Scotland has fallen for the first time in three years, according to a new report.
The European Union has said there will be no special talks with the UK over its exit from the bloc.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between the country's creditors and the European Union failed to reach a deal.
German airline Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge to a strike by its pilots.
Glastonbury Festival has been fined £20,000 after sewage leaked into a river, a court has heard.
George Osborne is facing a "big turnaround" in the UK's finances, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian side Liege on loan until the end of the season.
It has been a week of intense training for the British and Irish Lions.
Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
A number of jobs are at risk at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations, the BBC understands.
The government should set a "bold new target" for delivering "world-beating" broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A sculpture believed to be a man has been found in a river.
A man has been jailed for two years after being caught on camera trying to recruit a teenage girl online.
Solihull Moors secured their first National League win of the season with a 1-0 victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has urged countries to do more to help refugees fleeing conflict in Syria, saying the world is facing a "crisis of epic proportion".
David Laws has said he is "extremely disappointed and upset" by the "tsunami sweeping away lots of Lib Dem MPs".
Human remains have been discovered under the roof of Brighton's Corn Exchange.
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân wedi cael eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar ddydd Mawrth.
A case worker is to be appointed to help people affected by flooding in York, the city council has said.
A 14-year-old girl who was seriously injured in a bus crash at a hen party in Leeds has said she is lucky to be alive.
Cuban police have detained more than 100 activists who were protesting against human rights abuses in the capital, Havana.
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose in March, according to new figures.
Police in Edinburgh have issued a warning to foreign tourists after a series of scam incidents in the city centre.
The EU will not reopen trade deals with Canada and the US, the EU has said.
A chocolate maker has recreated the HMS Nelson and HMS Nelson to mark the centenary of the Battle of Trafalgar.
A man had to be revived 17 times after suffering a cardiac arrest, the East Midlands Ambulance Service has said.
Olympic gold medallist Katie O'Sullivan led Great Britain to victory in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships in Italy.
Children's charity Kids Company has been accused of failing to act on allegations of sexual assault.
A dog has become a social media hit after being found wandering around a supermarket.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Shrewsbury Town thanks to goals from Danny Evans and Jordan Evans.
South Africa's new mayor has said he will stop buying new luxury cars for members of the Tshwane municipality.
The Unite union has said it has been given assurances that the pensions of Bernard Matthews workers will continue under the new owners.
A wheelchair user has been injured in an explosion at Beijing's Stansted Airport, state media report.
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker crashed on the M4 in Cardiff.
He is one of the most famous Belgians in the history of football.
Dumfriesshire Council has said it is "increasingly concerned" about the pace of progress made on a new disaster response centre in the town.
Legoland has said it is working with a council to improve its traffic management.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" after being placed in special measures following an inspection.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.
A nine-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglar who broke into her grandmother's home.
A teenager has been arrested after a machete was found during an altercation between a group of youths in south-east London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined Major League Soccer side Phoenix Suns on a two-year deal.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas.
A 20-year-old man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in New Zealand.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill could retire from athletics at the end of the 2020 Games, says her coach Michael Minichiello.
Will Miller scored a late equaliser as Burton Albion came from behind to draw at Wolves.
A mother and her young daughter were threatened with a gun during a burglary at their home in Manchester.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen by 23% in the past year, according to new figures.
Buddhutan is one of the world's most isolated countries.
Motherwell striker Grant has backed the appointment of Shelley Kerr as the new head coach of the Scottish Women's Football League.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation on plans to close a community hospital in Flintshire.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon international striker Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly's late header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool in League Two.
The Welsh Assembly has voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite reservations.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Nawara Negm explains how the internet has helped organise a sit-in in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
The SNP has won a by-election in Ayrshire.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven leading earthquake experts.
A drug that boosts the immune system could be used in combination with antibiotics, a study suggests.
Police failed to properly examine the extent of the sexual exploitation of children and young people who went missing from care, a report has found.
Zombies, zombies, zombies... they are everywhere.
Congolese singer Ohene Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo on suspicion of assault, the BBC understands.
Three convicted rapists have gone missing from custody at a minimum-security prison.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
US rapper Kanye West has said he would like to work with Ikea to create a "minimal apartment inside of a college dorm".
The British Airways Authority (BAA) has apologised after its computer system failed at Edinburgh Airport.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged in connection with the seizure of drugs with an estimated street value of £1m.
Burma's government has set up a commission to examine the causes of the deadly religious clashes in the restive state of Rakhine.
Mafia members return to school a year earlier than those who commit violent crimes, a study suggests.
Salford Red Devils have completed the signing of Wigan Warriors half-back Josh Tomkins on a two-year deal.
Airbus's chief executive, Didier Bregier, has said the company would reconsider investment in the UK if the country voted to leave the European Union.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the existence of a rocky planet orbiting its host star.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Poland goalkeeper Lukasz Boruc has retired from international football.
Two buildings designed to help fight pollution in China have been unveiled.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the Rio Olympics.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley in the FA Cup first round.
A report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers.
A student from Sierra Leone has been turned away from his flat in Norwich because of the Ebola outbreak.
The BBC is to extend the length of its 10 o'clock News from Monday to Thursday.
The Rugby Players' Association (RCA) has warned that the rise in the number of sacked coaches is a sign that the game is heading towards a "hire-and-fire" approach.
Leicester City assistant manager Craig Shakespeare is "almost out of order" to succeed Claudio Ranieri as boss, says former England striker Paul Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a carer who took her own life.
Japanese record company Sony has announced plans to restart production of vinyl records.
A polar bear cub born at a Scottish wildlife park has been removed from her enclosure.
Exposure to the UK's summer sunshine several times a week is probably a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new powers to tackle non-violent extremism as part of its counter-extremism strategy.
Campaigners are calling for a new specialist centre for young men with a rare condition to be set up in Wales.
A flood-hit bridge is to be closed for two years as part of a £4.5m repair project.
Burns retained his WBC cruiserweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Carlos Beltran in Las Vegas.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in South Africa's capital, Durban, against xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a third floor flat, police have said.
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially "disapply" purdah rules in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner is to receive a Â£18,000 payment from HM Revenue and Customs after it announced changes to the way people withdraw money.
The Iron Age crannog estate in Monmouthshire is not believed to be the oldest in Wales.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in England earned six-figure salaries last year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
The Battle of the Somme is one of the most famous battles in the history of the world.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit the benefits of new EU migrants for up to four years.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl at a school has been jailed for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old boy was seriously injured in a street fight in Hove.
The two front-runners in the Republican presidential race have clashed over their tax plans in their first televised debate.
A man's body has been found in a car in Birmingham.
Ukrainian soldiers have left the rebel-held town of Debaltseve, the president has said.
Rock band Revolution Radio have topped the US album chart with their new album, American Idiot.
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock boss Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Turkey has sacked more than 1,000 soldiers in the wake of last month's failed coup.
Councils in England and Wales are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Comic book creator Mike Young is to make a new series of SuperTed.
At least two Palestinian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Egypt, the country's transport agency says.
A man who was beaten to death by a drug dealer has said he is "not ready" to return to his home.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the first round of the PGA Championship at Royal Birkdale because of a back injury.
Exeter recorded their first win of the season with a 1-0 victory over Cambridge.
The chief executive of Rolls-Royce has dismissed claims that the company could be forced to move research and development to Derby.
Pakistan's cricket team's tour to Bangladesh has been postponed because of a suspected terrorist attack, coach Asif Ali Khan has said.
Scientists have discovered a way to block the growth of a deadly fungus in birds.
A plane was struck by lightning while taking off from Manchester Airport.
Scientists have reconstructed the "central nervous system" of a new species of arthropod.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a newborn baby.
A campaign has been launched to stop traffic backing up to Thruxton on the A303 at Stonehenge Bottom in Shropshire.
The longest married couple in the UK are celebrating their 86th birthday.
Birmingham City have held talks with striker Jonny Caddis about his future.
England pace bowler James Johnson hopes he will be able to show his scars from his Ashes defeat by Australia.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Team Sky retained the overall lead.
An Orange Hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
Three people have been killed and five injured in a truck crash at a music festival in South Africa, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on immigration, the party's deputy leader has said.
Firefighters in Suffolk could lose their jobs as part of a £1.3m budget cut.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to enable encryption on their iOS operating systems.
US Defence Secretary Eric Schmidt has called for a ban on mini-drones being used as weapons of war in the Middle East.
Northern Ireland is one of the best performing schools in Europe in maths and reading, according to a new study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Masters at Augusta National.
The UK is considering whether to take military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Two nursing home workers who pretended to be elderly patients to cover up their deaths have been given community orders.
One in every 100 babies born in England in 2015 was born addicted to a harmful substance, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
The makers of Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised after incorrect answers were found in the first run of the game.
German police have launched a major security operation ahead of Saturday's Euro 2016 match between Germany and the Netherlands in Berlin.
Animals in the Arctic are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by electricity cables, according to new research.
US movie-maker Imax has filed for a Hong Kong listing on the stock market.
Four teenagers who died in a crash in Powys were "on a mission" when they were killed, an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been caught driving a "gold fleet" of cars with no insurance, police have said.
Liverpool Reds batsman Scooter Gennett hit a career-best four-run home run against Baltimore Orioles on Saturday.
The former chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct in public office.
Andy Murray secured his place in the Davis Cup quarter-finals with a straight-set victory over Japan.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, to discuss the country's "turning around".
Former England footballer Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "wonderful wife" who has died after a short battle with cancer.
A search is under way for a teenager who has been missing off the coast of Devon.
A man who stabbed his great-grandfather to death was not psychotic at the time, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club by mutual consent after Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe.
The UK's local TV network has been selected by Ofcom, the country's broadcasting regulator.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital after falling ill during a training flight in North Yorkshire.
Schools in India have bought a vegetarian book for their students, despite warnings that it is "poisonous" for children.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Bristol.
Aberystwyth railway is one of the UK's oldest and most nostalgic railways, but what does it take to become a professional locomotive driver?
Russian athletes have been accused of taking drugs and trying to bribe doping control officers to avoid positive tests, a report says.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News NI looks at some of the key issues facing African journalists.
A judge in Brazil has charged a prominent supporter of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption.
The world's largest police agency has launched an appeal for information on nine suspects it believes are involved in wildlife crime.
Chinese shares fell on Wednesday after a closely watched survey suggested the manufacturing sector in the country was contracting less than expected.
Jono Gibbs has been appointed Ulster's new head coach.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join her party to oppose SNP cuts to local councils.
Two climbers have been rescued after falling down a mountain in the Highlands.
Syngenta, the world's biggest pesticides and seeds producer, has been cleared to sell its North American business to China's ChemChina.
A man has been arrested in Sweden on suspicion of carrying out a terrorist attack on a building in the Swedish capital, Stockholm.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton came from behind to beat Wolves and move up to third in the Championship.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Newport County midfielder Ryan Pidgeley on a one-year deal.
UKIP is at a "crossroads" and needs to be "radical" in order to win back support, the party's campaign chairman Andy Banks has said.
Celtic's summer transfer window was dominated by the prospect of finishing second in the Scottish Premiership.
Marta has never been to a supermarket before.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Josh Davis on a free transfer.
Britain's David Grabarz won his second gold medal of the World Championships with victory in the men's 800m.
Substitute Joe Rogic scored the winner as Celtic won the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history with victory over Aberdeen.
Northern Ireland have signed former Crystal Palace midfielder Ryan Kettings on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Five of the five men accused of the 9/11 attacks have refused to answer questions during a military tribunal hearing in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Beyonce has been nominated for three prizes at the 2017 Grammy Awards, including album of the year.
Plans for a new stadium in Truro and Falmouth have been branded an "empty promise" by the prime minister.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is considering a move to Chelsea, BBC Radio Manchester reports.
League One side Stags have signed Dundee United striker Josh McShane on loan until the end of the season.
A World War Two Spitfire which was flown by the author Alec Lumsden has failed to sell at auction for the first time.
Two major energy firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 new jobs in Scotland.
A baby boar has hatched chicks at a Gloucestershire castle.
The government's immigration cap has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a "crisis" in the NHS, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy after a rise in insurance premium tax.
Former Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech and ex-Millwall defender Nicky Ward are both keen to spend time with their cats.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he hopes to see Easter Sunday fixed on the first Sunday in April.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
When Jaguar Land Rover (MG) announced plans to expand its UK manufacturing base, it was hailed as a "huge confidence booster" for the car industry.
Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Caton on a season-long loan from Shrewsbury Town.
A US appeals court has ruled that President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries is unconstitutional.
Hundreds of people have protested against plans to close five libraries in West Yorkshire.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday came from behind to draw with Burnley.
Greggs, the UK's biggest bakery chain, has reported better-than-expected sales for the third quarter, helped by a rise in demand for its meal deals.
South Korea's Kim Jung won gold in the dressage at the Rio Olympics as Japan's Yui Fischertakinou missed out on a medal for Great Britain.
The UK government has unveiled a plan to allow wind farm developers to sell part of their business to local communities.
A 39-year-old man has been charged with a number of offences after two cats were shot in the legs in Surrey.
A beach where a man died after getting caught in a river has become "extremely dangerous", a council has said.
When you think of humpback whales, it's easy to think of the humpback.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold for another month.
China's state media have reacted angrily to an international tribunal's ruling that China's claims in the South China Sea are illegal.
Asian shares fell after the US economy grew slower than expected in the first three months of the year.
David Warner hit a half-century as Australia and West Indies played out a draw in the third Test.
At least eight people have been killed and dozens more are missing after floods hit the Bavarian town of Deggendorf, officials say.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being seriously assaulted in Caernarfon.
Two teenagers have been arrested after knives, scissors and cannabis were seized from a street in north London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Kunle Adegbola looks at the growing popularity of cricket in Nigeria.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than previously thought, the governor of the Bank of England has said.
Apple has reported a 15% rise in profits for the first three months of the year, helped by the launch of its iPad mini.
It has been more than 1,300 years since King Henry V first visited Holywell, a small Welsh town in the north-west of England.
Mercedes driver Max Verstappen will take on Brazilian team-mate Felipe Massa at the Brazilian Grand Prix on Sunday.
A man has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life.
Workers at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil are to lose their jobs at the end of the year.
A 1,400-year-old mystery surrounding King Arthur's Camelot has been solved.
Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring for Leicester City, says manager Claudio Ranieri.
Theresa May's decision to call a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union has triggered a new wave of Euroscepticism in British politics.
Nick Clegg has said the Conservatives will cut "much deeper than is necessary" to balance the books and make the poorest bear the heaviest burden.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by seven wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in New Zealand.
UKIP AM Paul Gill has said he would consider resigning if asked by the party's new leader, Paul Nuttall.
The makers of Channel 4's Benefits Street have been accused of misleading residents in the first series of the programme.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (POA).
A man has written a letter to the National Trust asking for help in tracing a mystery photographer who took his wife's last photograph.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of whitening creams, the country's pharmaceutical authority says.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have been accused of "grandstanding" in their attempts to co-operate on Brexit.
More than 1,306 Islamic State (IS) militants have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq since 2 December 2015, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A man who hacked into Norwich International Airport's information website to see if he could gain access to the airport's computer system has been arrested.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been approved.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a man whose body was found wrapped in tarpaulin and buried in a house.
When Ukraine's cyber-attack on the country's largest financial services firm, NotPetya, took place in mid-June, it was hard to imagine how it could have happened.
Wasps maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a bus in Edinburgh.
A South African court has dismissed the murder trial of convicted taxi driver Mziwamadoda Dewani, who was extradited to the UK for the trial.
A shale gas firm has said it will invest Â£50m in Lancashire in the exploration phase of the project.
The head of Mexico's consumer protection agency has been sacked after he tried to close down a restaurant in the capital, Mexico City.
Downing Street has said it is "very enthusiastic" about the prospect of finding and restoring two RAF Spitfire planes buried in Burma.
Two men have been rescued from the top of a ridge in the Vale of Glamorgan.
The government has temporarily suspended a controversial process in which asylum seekers are detained while awaiting hearings.
It is almost inevitable that the UK's new fiscal constitution is going to involve a redistribution of income from England to the rest of the UK.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in woodland in Essex.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock Europa has announced plans to invest £1.5m in expanding its operations in the UK.
BrewDog, one of the UK's biggest independent craft brewers, is set to double its turnover to £32m this year.
The value of the pound has fallen sharply against the dollar and the yen ahead of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for plotting to kill his partner has appealed against his conviction.
The body of a Briton who died fighting alongside Kurdish forces fighting so-called Islamic State in Syria has been flown back to the UK.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records is constitutional.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Anders Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Police have released a video showing how a dog was kept in kennels for more than two years before being destroyed.
There is "no glory in opposition", Chuka Umunna has said, after withdrawing from the Labour leadership contest.
A man died after being hit by a boat in Gwynedd, an inquest has heard.
Islamic State (IS) militants have sentenced 35 men to death for their part in the massacre of more than 100 Shia recruits in Iraq in 2011.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by surf magazine Surfstitch for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Matt Ambrose scored a hat-trick as Colchester came from behind to beat Bradford City and reach the League One play-offs.
A Neolithic building dating back 4,500 years has been uncovered by archaeologists.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Britain's Tony Parker will fight Mexico's Carlos Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December.
Mae'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley's suspension from international rugby will not prevent him from becoming England captain, says the sport's governing body.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months says his son is in a coma.
The name "Fight of the Century" may not seem like an obvious headline.
A 19-year-old Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US agent in 2010.
The White House has condemned a series of hoax bomb threats to Jewish community centres in the US, saying they are "unacceptable".
If you look at the stats from Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham you might be tempted to think that England are the best team in the world.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has announced plans to release its self-driving technology to other carmakers.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect further disruption and cancellations as a strike by Network Rail signallers goes ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal have arrested a man they say was the ringleader of a gang which raped a nun in March.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution urging lawmakers not to use the wrong emoji when referring to the state's flag.
The Premier League has signed a new three-season domestic television rights deal with US broadcaster NBC Universal.
A stretch of road in Staffordshire is to be closed as part of a £1m repair project.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara to "strongly protest" at Russia's alleged violation of its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Steve Clarke says his side are now in the Premiership's top six contenders.
Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough centre-back Ben Davies until the end of the season.
Dutch cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned from cycling for six months after being found to have a concealed motor.
As Conor McGregor prepares to defend his Ultimate Fighting Championship title against Floyd Mayweather at Manchester Arena on Saturday, the BBC's Dan Westley takes a tour of the city's new training facility.
England prop Owen Farrell has been ruled out of Saturday's Test against Australia at Twickenham because of a hamstring injury.
A schoolgirl who has a rare genetic condition is calling for a drug to be made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Lichfield have been left out of the Women's Super Rugby competition by the Rugby Football Union.
The Football Association's decision not to call up England's under-21s for the World Cup was "not necessarily the right thing to do", says chief executive Gareth Ashworth.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police officer has been praised for saving the life of a mother and baby who were taken to hospital after being hit by a car.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and gang-raped in a London pub has been jailed for six years.
A "vicious" paedophile who forced a teenage girl to perform a sex act on him has been jailed for eight years.
Firefighters have been dealing with a blaze at a petrol station in Londonderry.
More than 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain caused flash flooding.
The bodies of 43 students who went missing in Mexico last month were incinerated, a human rights group has said.
The UK military is to send troops to Somalia to help the African Union peacekeeping mission in the country.
A six-year-old girl who was seriously injured when an inflatable football was blown into a crowd has been discharged from hospital.
United States striker Abby Wambach will retire from international football at the end of the 2017 Women's World Cup in China.
More than half of mothers in developing countries are still breastfeeding after a year, according to a new report.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Kebble from Stormers for next season.
Widnes Vikings head coach David Betts says his side are still doing "good things" despite their recent drop in form.
The Palace of Westminster has denied allegations that Prince Andrew sexually abused a woman in the 1990s.
Krystian Pearce's second-half header earned Mansfield a draw at home to York.
Two people have been arrested after a man was stabbed in a street in Brighton.
A man has been jailed for six years for coercing a woman into having sex with him.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Huddersfield Town striker Jordan Rhodes for an undisclosed fee.
The first temporary school buildings have been built at a Northamptonshire school damaged in a fire.
Former Scarlets chief executive Jon Davies wants Wales' best players to return to the region.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beat Romania's Simona Halep in straight sets to reach the final of the Shanghai Masters.
A County Londonderry man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of youths in his home.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to be redeveloped as part of a multi-million pound revamp.
West Yorkshire Police has said it has investigated more than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in the past year.
Authorities in the US are investigating the deaths of dozens of undocumented immigrants who were found locked in a trailer near the border with Mexico.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Solihull Moors looks at her struggle with anorexia nervosa.
Items from the Windrush era are going on display at a Nottingham museum as part of the city's annual Carnival.
The government is being urged not to interfere with the BBC's day-to-day scheduling, amid claims it could force the broadcaster to move some of its most popular shows.
A woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) has said she was refused a taxi in Carmarthenshire because she was unable to walk.
Europe's Philae robot has made contact with Earth for the first time in seven months, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
A police officer who was arrested after an alleged assault in a Glasgow pub has been praised for his karaoke skills.
Kris Viljoen made a career-best 61 to help Dorset take control against Gloucestershire on day one at Chester-le-Street.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take unilateral action if the government does not intervene in the Stormont crisis.
Northamptonshire's Chris Buck took a career-best 13 wickets on the opening day of their County Championship match against Durham.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a missing woman from Greenock.
An advert for a computer conferencing company has been pulled by the charity Changing Faces.
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton beat Sheffield United to reach the League One play-off final.
Muslims in France are taking part in a cup of tea to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Scotland have agreed a 5% increase in their cod quota for next year.
A pilot and his wife have been found safe and well after a plane crashed in a field in the East Midlands.
For more than a century the Swansea Canal has been a vital part of the city's history.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien have been ruled out of Ireland's second Test against Scotland on Tuesday.
Landlords in England are to be given the power to evict migrants who have been convicted of housing offences.
Dutch justice minister Johan Opstelten and justice minister Jeroen Teeven have resigned over claims that a convicted drug trafficker was paid less than he actually received.
Matt Swankie's stoppage-time strike gave Cowdenbeath victory over Forfar Athletic to move up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
Plans for a housing development in Carrickbridge have been refused by Dundee City Council.
An outbreak of norovirus has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
China has long been a country of fear.
Crocodile egg harvesting is one of the world's most lucrative and lucrative industries.
A fleet of gritters has been put on the roads of Dumfries and Galloway for the first time since it was suspended in April.
Ricky is the BBC's robot expert.
The mother of murdered toddler Liam Fee has said she was "shocked, totally shocked" when she found out his killers had been jailed for life.
Plans for a new paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the county council.
More than 1,000 migrants and refugees have moved out of the so-called "container camp" in the French port city of Calais, officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
Two teenagers have been arrested after three people were stabbed in Essex.
Plans to bring back eight-council councils in Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£55bn) in cash and stock.
A man who was sexually abused as a child has criticised the Scottish government for not doing enough to help victims.
A Russian motorcycle group has pulled out of a planned road trip through Poland, amid a row over its links with the Kremlin.
Hashim Amla has stepped down as South Africa captain after the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew 0.5% in the March quarter of 2014, slightly faster than analysts' expectations, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most iconic birds.
Mexican driver Sergio Perez has signed a two-year contract extension with Force India, keeping him at the team until the end of the 2017 season.
A mother who refused to attend school for her son has won a court case against her local council.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Italian Open.
A charity is hoping to open a clinic for survivors of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Cardiff.
Scientists say they have developed a new class of plastic that can be reused, rather than thrown away.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to the founder of venture capital firm Hoxton Ventures, David Woodford.
A new gin distillery has opened in the Scottish Borders.
One of Nottingham's most famous sporting events has been destroyed in a fire.
Men are more likely to die prematurely than women, according to official figures.
A Michigan college student has been charged with hazing after allegedly eating peanut butter in the mouth of a fellow student.
Norway's prime minister has turned down a request to move one of its highest peaks across the border with Finland.
The Scottish economy is set to grow at its slowest pace in four years, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he was asked to be secretary of state by President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed to a bride-to-be to take a photo with her on her wedding day.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A campaign has been launched to raise funds to create statues of soldiers from the Dorset and Devonshire Regiments.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the BBC that the pace of political change in the country has slowed.
A man has been found guilty of attempted murder after CCTV footage emerged of him trying to rob a shop.
The National Police Association (NBPA) has said it is "very, very concerned" about the way senior officers are dealt with in the police service.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old coins discovered in County Down more than a year ago has been described as a "euphoric" discovery.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being rescued from the sea in Newcastle.
A British man who was killed in a crash in Thailand has been charged with causing the death of his girlfriend.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack.
It has been a week of optimism for the UK economy.
England midfielder Luke Shaw has been named in Manchester United's squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former first minister Alex Salmond has announced his retirement from the Scottish Parliament.
Three US hospitals have been put in an "internal state of emergency" after being hit by a ransomware attack, according to officials.
BodyPositive is BodyPositive's new body positivity website.
Sepp Blatter should resign as president of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said.
Four diners have been killed in a stampede at a restaurant in northern Spain, a restaurant owner has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, according to police.
Frenchman Esteban Ocon has joined Mercedes on a two-year deal.
Staff at a care home in Dumfries and Galloway have been described as "chaotic" by inspectors.
It's been a busy week for dog owners in the UK.
Four men have been found guilty of murdering a drug dealer in a turf war in Rhyl.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Isaac Akpan has been banned for two games after being found guilty of misconduct by a Football Association disciplinary panel.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City secured their first Championship win of the season as they came from behind to beat Cardiff City.
Kevin Voges and Kieran Malan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Hampshire by eight wickets in a rain-affected match at Edgbaston.
The mother of a baby with a milk allergy has said she is "disappointed" by a decision to stop offering soya-based formula to GPs.
Touchscreens can be smelly and smelly, but there are ways to keep them clean and keep those smears away.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to donate stem cells to a Cardiff University student who needs a stem cell transplant.
Doctors in Australia have removed part of a toddler's leg that was left behind when she was born in Bangladesh.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a housing complex in Fife.
Boreham Wood have signed former Gateshead midfielder Chris O'Neill on a two-year deal.
It is Ladies' Day at Aintree Racecourse and it is a day that many women in Liverpool take pride in their appearance.
NHS England must respond to a report into the death of a woman who was refused a critical care operation because of a lack of beds, an inquest has heard.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
England head coach Trevor Bayliss has said one-day cricket is "a funny game".
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Tommy Wright beat Michael van Gerwen 6-5 to reach the final of the World Championship for the first time.
What would a vote to leave the European Union mean for Northern Ireland?
Scotland captain Scott Greer says he is open to a return to the Premier League after a spell out with injury.
Defence is one of the most important issues for politicians.
Lord Avebury, the Liberal Democrat MP for Orpington, has died at the age of 87.
The number of new council homes in Scotland has risen by 17% in the past year, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and should resign as leader of the Conservative Party, Lord Heseltine has said.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's services.
Crystal Palace secured their first win of the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £16,000 in compensation over accidents in the classroom last year.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is a major trade deal between the European Union and the US.
Bristol head coach Danny Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach.
Germany's trade deficit shrank by 0.5% in November compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
A Red Cross volunteer who witnessed a jet crash on a busy road in Kent has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours.
The regulator of public companies, the Financial Reporting Council (FRC), should "get stronger" to tackle corporate governance, former chief executive Lord Myners has said.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled at a ceremony in Oswestry, West Yorkshire.
When Vladimir Putin met Marine Le Pen, the French far-right leader, at the Elysee Palace in Paris in February, he told her: "We do not want to influence events in any way."
The Liberal Democrats have said they will invest £1bn in apprenticeships and training over the next five years if the Welsh Government wins the general election.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its headquarters out of the UK to the European Union.
A convicted child sex offender has been jailed for more than 35 months for a string of child sex offences.
A police officer has been reprimanded after he mistakenly recorded the name and address of a man in a garden in Londonderry.
Spain's Carla Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Grand Slam title with victory in the Madrid Open final.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win their final World Cup Pool B match against South Africa.
Gatwick Airport has been given "guarantees" by the Airports Commission that it will take on the "main risks" of building a new runway.
League One side Carlisle United have signed midfielder Pedro on a two-year deal.
Boris Johnson has become one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
Crewe Alexandra have signed Bury striker David Lowe on a one-year deal.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for taking part in an obscene act in public has left the country.
Ethiopia is one of the most prosperous countries on the continent.
At the family home in the Syrian town of Kobane, near the Turkish border, the family members cry.
A memorial to aircrew killed in action has been damaged during break-ins at Lincoln Air Ambulance Centre.
Northampton Town have agreed a deal with the county council over a £10.25m loan to the club, the club has confirmed.
Shares in two of Hong Kong's biggest financial firms have fallen sharply after trading was suspended amid speculation that the firm may be under investigation.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 MPs to his front bench, including eight from the black and minority ethnic community.
It has been a year since the Premier League announced the biggest TV deal in football history, with 70% of tickets frozen or even reduced.
A national park in India has fined cricketer Ravindra Jadeja for taking selfies with a lion.
A prisoner who was due to appear in court on charges of murdering two schoolboys has died.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV has risen by 40% in the past year, according to a new report.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of "ruthlessly raiding" the budget for free schools in England.
The Metropolitan Police are investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in the run-up to the mayoral election in Tower Hamlets.
It was 12 months ago that the Copper Box at London's Olympic Park was transformed into a football stadium.
Castleford Tigers full-back Ben Chase says he is in the best shape he has ever been after signing a new contract.
Great Britain's men's 4x400m relay team have moved into the bronze medal position at the Diamond League Championships in London.
Coffee consumption may be linked to the ageing process, a study suggests.
Thailand has formally invited Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn to succeed his father as king.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has announced that Peter Robinson has withdrawn from the race to become its new leader.
First Lady Carwyn Jones is to return to The One Show in Cardiff for the first time since having a baby.
The Bishop of Cork has said he supports same-sex marriage in the Church of Ireland.
A body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has been fined in the US for illegally exporting epoxy coating to Pakistan.
The new Ghostbusters movie is set to be released next year, according to a new report.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned to expect delays as a series of improvements are carried out.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in support of independence for the Spanish region of Catalonia.
Prince Harry has shared a photo of himself with a group of children who have been orphaned because of Aids.
Singapore has tightened its rules on the use of private taxi booking apps, in a move that has been hailed as a boon for the city-state.
Chris Woakes and James Anderson will replace injured James Anderson in the England side for the first Test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
A police dog who was shot in the head while trying to protect his handler has died in hospital.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Moray.
Protests have been held in the US city of Chicago over the deaths of four people who were shot by police.
The leader of Lesotho's unity government has said he has been removed from control by the army.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a campaign of political harassment after a break-in at his office in Cardiff.
Campaigners have begun a walk in the Lake District to protest against plans to build pylons in the area.
On the outskirts of the Vietnamese capital, Hanoi, in July 1995, two tanks were loaded with tanks.
A state of emergency in the US city of Baltimore has been lifted after more than a week.
League One side MK Dons have signed Aberdeen midfielder Ryan Quinn on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious leg injury.
Lancashire batsman Alviro Petersen hit his second first-class century of the season on day two of their County Championship match at Lord's.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Tuesday after the release of emails from Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
David Cameron has said he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake".
Sebastian Coe, the former British Olympic and Paralympic champion, has died at the age of 93.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Kamdjo on a two-year deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from all football activity for two years by Fifa.
A man accused of throwing sulphuric acid on a journalist has told a court that he thought it was a burglary.
Vauxhall is recalling more than 280,000 of its Zafira cars because of problems with the heating and ventilation system.
Donald Trump has accused the Republican Party of being "rigged" and "crooked" as he launched his bid for the party's presidential nomination.
Star Wars fans have been given the chance to fight with lightsabers for the first time in the UK.
A man has died after his car was involved in a crash with a car in the West Midlands.
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to drill for oil in the Chukchi Sea.
A 27-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher in a hotel room.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after a woman was shot dead at his home in the capital, Pretoria.
Tens of thousands of people in Turkey are being blocked from accessing the Tor network, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Luis Suarez has left the club by mutual consent.
Rugby union has come a long way since the 2002 World Cup, when it became the most popular sport in Asia.
Islamic State (IS) militants have taken control of the ancient city of Palmyra in northern Syria, officials say.
A Co-op has apologised after a sign was painted over with the word "wrong".
When I first started working for Leicester Tigers in the 1970s, I would say that they were the most dominant club in the country.
Employers in Nottingham have been told they will have to pay more for parking at work under a new levy.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren hopes Rafael Benitez has allowed him greater control of the club.
Celtic striker Pat Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to leave the club to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans to transform one of Wales' most recognisable buildings into a "cultural quarter" have been unveiled.
Voters in England will be required to show ID before casting their ballots under government plans to tackle voter fraud.
Luke Mullaney's unbeaten century helped Nottinghamshire take control on day two against Surrey at Trent Bridge.
The family of a paralysed man who died at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland have said they are "at peace and away from the fear" that surrounded him.
A petition calling for safer rides for horses has been submitted to the Welsh assembly.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has won the MoD's War of the Year award.
Disabled students at universities in England are facing cuts of up to £100m a year, the government has announced.
A self-published author has said he was censored by the Women's Institute (WI) after being asked to cover up some of its promotional material.
Ireland scrum-half CJ Stander says Conor Murray will not be intimidated by Glasgow Warriors' tactics in Saturday's Pro12 game at Murrayfield.
Women who are overweight or obese are to be recruited to take part in a two-year trial to see if losing weight could reduce the risk of recurrence of breast cancer.
Leonardo Goretzka scored twice as Germany thrashed Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup final.
Eddie Izzard has become the first comedian to complete 27 marathons in South Africa.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side's 1-0 win over Norwich City was crucial in their fight to avoid relegation.
Crotone celebrated their return to Serie A with a 3-1 win over Lazio, despite having Bastos sent off in the first half.
Christopher Ritchie is to direct a film adaptation of the hit TV series The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria's economy has fallen into recession for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rally in energy stocks.
Nicholas George Winton, who was one of the UK's most successful peacemakers, has died at the age of 87.
The number of prisoners released in error in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
A new £5 coin will be minted in honour of Prince George, the Royal Mint has announced.
The Great Exhibition of British Industry is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead in 2018.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her 19-year-old son in Dublin.
Juventus clinched the Serie A title for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United won the Championship for the first time in their history with victory over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a supermarket.
When I first heard the debate about the possibility of Yorkshire becoming an independent state in the 1960s, I was a bit taken aback.
Barratt Homes has announced plans for two new residential developments in Edinburgh.
Britain's Kat Page won gold in the women's trampoline at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool.
Witches' marks, which were carved into medieval buildings to protect them from evil spirits, are being sought for the first time.
A tall tower at Didcot Power Station has collapsed in the Peak District, according to local reports.
Plans for a cross-Solent ferry service between Sandown and Southsea have been submitted to the Isle of Wight Tourism Authority (Hovertravel).
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the worst since 1987, according to new figures.
The director of Titanic Belfast has said there is no point in creating a tourist attraction outside Belfast.
A man who admitted killing a friend in a Brighton hallway has handed himself in to police after being detained in Manchester.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire after a misconduct investigation.
Barnet extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Hartlepool.
Sunderland midfielder Jermaine Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austrian striker Christian Harnik has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Claude Montanier says it will be "difficult" to reach the third round of the League Cup.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault.
Tens of thousands of people have visited a Yorkshire sculpture to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has come out as gay.
The PSNI has said it will carry out a review into all deaths linked to soldiers who carried out patrols in Belfast in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town to protect young people from anti-social behaviour.
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for beating his ex-girlfriend in the early hours of the morning.
The US says it has learned that Kenneth Bae, who was held in a North Korean labour camp for 15 months, has been returned to the camp.
Two of the UK's most famous seaside piers are being put up for sale.
South Africa have confirmed they are in talks with head coach Fernando Domingo about a new contract.
Some of the UK's biggest ISPs are still not doing enough to protect their websites after the TalkTalk hack, a BBC investigation has found.
Online gambling firms are breaking consumer law by offering "wagering requirements" which prevent punters from withdrawing their winnings, the UK's competition watchdog has said.
The death of singer Lil' Chris was accidental, an inquest has heard.
Northern Ireland's performance in their 1-0 defeat by Poland in Nice was not good enough.
Electrical fields could help improve the ability of people to solve maths puzzles, say neuroscientists.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Bradford has been named by police.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has access to millions of phone records, according to documents obtained by the Guardian.
Rory McIlroy says he is "not feeling great" ahead of the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire batsman Ian Bell has announced his retirement from international cricket.
The French interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, has said he will sue the interior ministry over its handling of the Nice terror attack.
Lewis Hamilton said it was a "very, very odd weekend" as Mercedes dominated the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye, the former personal doctor of Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, has said he will not run again.
A Cardiff man has said he fears for his pets after a colony of tube web spiders invaded his home.
Ulster Bank has reported a pre-tax profit of £9m for 2016, up from £6m a year earlier.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a street in Edinburgh.
A Nobel laureate has apologised for saying he had trouble with girls in science, saying it was "a very stupid thing to do".
The number of people seeking help for long-term care in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, according to official figures.
A Bolivian air traffic control worker has written to the Brazilian authorities to accuse her superiors of a cover-up over the deadly Chapecoense plane crash in 2014.
Four members of a cult in China have been sentenced to life in prison for the brutal murder of a McDonald's worker in Shandong province.
Taylor Swift and Katy Perry have been caught up in a bitter feud on social media.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
More than £500,000 was spent on civil servants' cards in the first three months of the year, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Plans for a new Scottish film studio in Edinburgh have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Prue Leith is to leave BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 years judging the show.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game as Egypt beat Uganda to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Dog owners in Oxford could face tougher penalties under plans being considered by the city council.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Zimbabwe's political crisis.
A former courthouse in Stafford is to be converted into a university campus following a campaign.
Rescuers in Greenland are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the A90 in Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump "very shortly", the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department tried to force the FBI to unclassify a Hillary Clinton email, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the most expensive city in the world to live in terms of quality of life, according to a survey.
Gillingham manager Paul Pennock says he is "very happy" with the club's new-look squad.
Video game streaming service Steam has struck a deal with Lionsgate to release a wide range of video games.
Mexican authorities say they have arrested seven people suspected of helping drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman escape from a maximum-security prison.
A new primary school in North Lanarkshire is unlikely to open in October, according to Highland Council.
The government has announced changes to the way it calculates the amount of VAT paid by small businesses.
The head of the Association of School and College Leaders has said it is "unfair" to force all pupils to study five traditional GCSE subjects.
Work has begun on Portsmouth's new Royal Navy base.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Fishermen and anglers are being asked to report sightings of an endangered shark off the coast of Wales.
Lava has been spewing out of a volcano in Hawaii.
RTÉ has rejected an application by a Sinn Féin TD to have an injunction against the broadcaster discharged.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been withdrawn from the Tour de France because of doping concerns.
The US says it has secured the release of a Czech citizen who was held in Syria for more than two years.
A review into the murder of Pat Finucane by the RUC has found that agents of the state were involved in the attack.
Scottish Football Association chairman Ian Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on the issue of match-fixing.
A Chicago police officer has pleaded not guilty to charges over the fatal shooting of a black teenager last year.
The Independent newspaper is to be published online for the first time in more than 20 years, its publisher has announced.
Newport County have rejected a bid from Gillingham for defender David Byrne.
A plastic fiver has been introduced in the UK for the first time.
A 90-year-old Australian man who went missing six days ago has said he is lucky to be alive.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side are "not ready to fight for the Premier League" after their 2-1 defeat by Liverpool.
Syrian state television has reported that government forces have captured a district of the central city of Homs.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been questioned by police over an allegation that he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
The president of the Democratic Republic of Congo's Abkhazia region has been accused of trying to destabilise the region by leading anti-government protests.
The Indian Ministry of Transport (MoT) has been praised for helping a mother who was stuck in a queue for milk at a railway station.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a music video for a song about people pretending to be psychiatric patients.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Birmingham have all denied claims made in the Sunday Times that a doctor prescribed banned performance-enhancing drugs.
A referendum on whether Cardiff should have an elected mayor is "not going to hit the target", a Labour councillor has said.
Plans to close two of the UK's most important military sites have been approved by the government.
Nigeria's military says most of the 129 schoolgirls abducted in a raid on a boarding school in north-eastern Borno state on Tuesday have escaped their captors.
Ten men have been arrested in connection with a raid on a tobacco factory in Birmingham.
Surrey Police's approach to tackling organised crime is "not good enough", the Home Secretary Amber Rudd has said.
BBC Worldwide's global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
A Victorian reception house used to hold the dead before funerals has been given Grade II listed status.
A cartoon depicting US President Donald Trump as a Nazi sympathiser has won an exhibition in Iran.
Bernie Sanders has become the most popular Democratic presidential candidate in US history.
Port Vale moved into the League One play-off places with victory over West Bromwich Albion.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Norwich City midfielder Michael Keane on loan until the end of the season.
A woman has been left "very upset" after jewellery worth thousands of pounds was stolen during a raid on a farm in Aberdeenshire.
Leaders of Scotland's political parties have been reacting to the death of six people in a car crash in Glasgow.
England secured their place in the final of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a 24-22 win over New Zealand.
The M4 has been closed for more than two hours after a lorry overturned.
The Serpentine Gallery in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
The Northern Ireland secretary has said there is an "urgent need" for an effective executive to be in place.
A Scottish engineering firm has secured £1m of funding to create up to 100 new jobs in the Highlands.
An 82-year-old woman has been found dead in her home in East Lothian.
Chilean authorities have declared a state of emergency in the capital, Santiago, to try to contain a series of forest fires.
The US has condemned Israel's decision to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, saying it undermines the pursuit of peace.
A couple who took their children to Germany to visit relatives have been told they should return home, a judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled in the Black Country to mark the centenary of the first strike by women chainmakers in the UK.
Kenya's security forces must reintegrate more than 1,000 youth who joined militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
A woman in her 20s has died following a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay, the Department of Health has said.
Two 15-year-old boys have been arrested in connection with the distribution of indecent images of themselves on social media.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was found stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a sergeant and wounding two other soldiers in revenge for bullying.
Toyota has announced plans to invest £100m in a new plant in Derbyshire.
A million people in Wales will have to pay more if the sport sector does not invest more in improving facilities, a leading football body has warned.
The leader of South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) party, Helen Zille, has announced she is stepping down.
British welterweight champion Nick Eubank Jr has offered his father a British title belt in a "goodwill gesture".
A couple in the US state of Alaska have been left devastated after a police officer mistakenly told them their son had been killed.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Queens Park Rangers left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament does not have the power to trigger Brexit without the consent of the Scottish Parliament, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Antrim.
The family of former MI5 agent Gerry Adams have said claims that he was murdered by the Provisional IRA are "absolute nonsense".
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a British World War Two medic who faced the "greatest test of his career".
A suspicious device has been found on a road in Londonderry.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton struggled with a hydraulic problem.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been closed after a child was left unattended on a minibus for two hours.
The owner of B&Q has agreed to sell its stake in the home improvement chain to China's Wumei Holdings.
Canada has said it is "impossible" to sign an international trade deal with the European Union after a regional assembly in Belgium rejected it.
Survivors of the Aberfanwick slurry disaster have told their stories at a conference in Cardiff.
The Last Samuri is the favourite to win the Grand National for the second year in a row on Saturday.
Former England and Manchester United flyweight David McKenzie will make his professional debut in the United Kingdom at the end of the month.
A marine bird has been photographed with plastic bags on a loch in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester.
People in Nottinghamshire have overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna to move up to third in Serie A.
The Scottish government's Culture and European Affairs watchdog has said it was justified in awarding a grant to the organiser of the Balado music festival.
Anthony Joshua has "George Foreman, Frank Bruno brutish strength" to challenge for the IBF heavyweight title, says former world champion Chris Harrison.
The death of the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Jayaram Jayalalitha, has shocked the country.
Police investigating the discovery of a man's remains in a motorway embankment have said they believe he may have been subjected to a crime.
At least 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base, the Afghan army says.
It's been a great year for Britain's Davis Cup team, and I'm really happy to be part of it.
The Asylum Information Centre in the Serbian capital, Belgrade, is one of the country's best-known centres for asylum seekers.
New Falkirk manager Neil Houston says he is relishing the prospect of taking the Bairns to the Championship play-offs.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Cornwall.
Michael Johnston's late goal gave Kilcoo a 2-14 to 0-12 win over Scotstown in the All-Ireland Football semi-final at Croke Park.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins will miss out on a place in Great Britain's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics because of a chest infection.
The Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny is expected to announce his successor later this week.
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington in Cumbria has been adjourned.
US space agency United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled a new design for its next-generation rocket.
The death of one of New York's most influential rap artists has been ruled an accident.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Billy Saunders says he is "still investigating" claims that striker Mame Biram Diouf was involved in a sex attack before a match.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not daunted by the prospect of being underdogs in their Champions League tie against Maribor.
Defending champions Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the final foursomes of the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Sunday.
The number of Grade A office headquarter buildings in Belfast has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures.
In the days after the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, Japan's nuclear safety agency upgraded the level of radiation released from the Fukushima nuclear plant to the maximum.
A police helicopter has been targeted by a laser beam in the sky during a search and rescue operation in Northamptonshire.
A machine lip-reading system has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May has said that she wants to keep the UK in the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to avoid eating toxic cane toads.
England captain Waqar Hossain says the International Cricket Council (ICC) is investigating suspicious betting patterns in the first Test against Pakistan.
Google is to stop offering 30-second adverts on its website.
Wales have called up defenders Chris Chester, Nicky Dummett and James Matthews for their Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 7 June.
The Equality Commission has defended its decision to order a Muslim baker to make a cake for a gay man in a discrimination case.
Athletics could be stripped of all its world records under proposals being considered by the sport's ruling council.
The son of a man accused of forcing him and another man to work for £50 a day has told Cardiff Crown Court how he was offered work for just £20 a day.
A 20-year-old woman who died after a two-car crash in Belfast city centre has been named by police.
Rugby's world governing body has opened its doors to the public for the first time since the sport was invented in 1823.
The first female officer to train at the Royal Military Academy in Sandhurst has been appointed.
A jewellers has been robbed at knifepoint in what police believe is similar to a similar robbery in Manchester.
Paul Stirling and James Robson hit centuries as Middlesex dominated day two against Yorkshire at Headingley.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a woman was shot in the eye with a laser pen in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a psychiatrist has said.
The US economy added just 138,000 jobs in May, a sharp slowdown from the previous month, according to official figures.
Reading midfielder Ben McAnuff says he would consider leaving the Championship club at the end of the season.
The average number of steps a person takes in a country is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement, a study suggests.
The NHS 111 telephone service in England is facing a deficit of £26m, the health minister has said.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade knows the pressure on his job, according to the club's director of football Jim Dalman.
Online retailer Next has won a High Court battle with HM Revenue and Customs over tax paid on overseas profits.
Banksy has been named as the winner of the South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A police officer who tackled a man armed with a knife who killed MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he was "almost passed out" after being shown a scan showing a tumour.
The investigation into the Manchester Arena attack is under way.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Dundrod Grand Prix because of injury.
When I asked Cynthia what she thought about the death of her friends in Garissa, she couldn't speak.
The price of carbon has fallen below 4.8 euros (Â£4.4) a tonne for the first time in more than two years, as the European Union struggles to deal with a huge oversupply of permits.
Ghana has ordered a private company to pay $1m (Â£770,000) over the cost of refurbishing 116 government-owned buses.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in a deadly attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels, officials say.
The Hillsborough inquests have been held into the deaths of 96 football fans and the collapse of two standing terraces at the ground.
The man who led the search for the remains of the Disappeared in the 1970s and 1980s has died.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been rejected by the county council.
The mother of a baby who was taken to hospital after suffering tonsillitis has spoken of her "terrifying" ordeal.
Malaysia's government has cancelled a concert by pop star Rania Badu after she was photographed with tattoos on her body.
A sea turtle which washed up on British and European shores last month has died.
It's been a busy year for me as England captain.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed former Saracens scrum-half Tomkins on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jack Wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Cumbria City manager Paul Cox says striker James Cook has turned down a new deal at Grimsby Town.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century put Lancashire in a commanding position against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says there is still "a lot to improve" after his side's 3-0 series whitewash by Australia.
A giant panda cub has been born at Hong Kong's Ocean Park for the first time in more than a decade.
The death toll from a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest has risen to at least 19, officials say.
A woman has admitted killing her boyfriend on a night out in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £290,000 to the family of a girl who was seriously injured at birth.
A judge has criticised a council for failing to properly assess the long-term future of a boy who had sex with a 16-year-old girl.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a man who threatened to kill her have lost their appeal at the Supreme Court.
Facebook has been accused of "tramples" on European and other privacy laws by a watchdog in Belgium.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have said they will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
NHS watchdogs in Wales have said they are "disappointed" that they have been described as "the best kept secret in Wales".
HBO has cancelled the second season of Sir Mick Jagger's music drama Vinyl.
Childline Northern Ireland received a record number of calls from suicidal children last year, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £1m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the men's 200m individual medley title for the first time in his career.
Two firecrackers have been thrown at Metz striker Goncalves Lopes during a pre-season friendly against Lyon.
A man has been arrested after two men died in a crash involving a car and a lorry in Staffordshire.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new attempt to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
Baltimore Orioles fans have been locked out of their home game against the Baltimore Orioles due to the ongoing protests over the death of a black man.
Transgender identity has become a major issue in many parts of the world.
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether the country should remain in the European Union.
A man has died in a crash on the A465 Hereford Road in Powys.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum, the company's owner Derek McColl has announced.
It is a quiet town in the north east of England.
A man who threw a teenage girl to the ground and called her a "whore" has been jailed for eight years.
Prison conditions in England and Wales are "less safe and less decent" than they were even a year ago, says the Prison Trust.
A 41-year-old man has been charged after a number of drugs were stolen from a pharmacy in Belfast city centre.
Rescue workers in Indonesia say they have recovered more than 100 people from the rubble of buildings hit by an earthquake in the north-east of the country.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 2-13 to 0-13 in the Division Three game at Corrigan Park.
A French woman has become the first person to be charged over air pollution in the capital, Paris.
Germany came from behind to beat Denmark and reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" in favour of equal access to marriage for transgender people.
A privacy campaigner is taking Facebook to the High Court in Dublin in a bid to force the social network to reveal how it transfers data to US authorities.
Birmingham City captain Joe Robinson has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
Firefighters have been called to a number of properties in south-east England to deal with "aggressive" pest control devices.
Storms that hit Poland's Bialowieza forest have killed at least 11 people and destroyed more than 30,000 hectares of forest, foresters say.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its budget to fund further education staff redundancies.
Forfar Athletic moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders Inverness Caledonian Thistle with a 4-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
The original interview notes of four men who were cleared of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have gone missing.
Councils should be given the power to take on the running of failing academies, councils have said.
The benefits of cholesterol-lowering drug statins could outweigh the risk of heart attacks and strokes, according to a review.
Astronaut Tim Peake has become the first person to be parachuted into space.
Romania won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with a comfortable victory over China in the men's team epee.
The government is to introduce a tax on diesel cars in cities across the UK to tackle air pollution fears.
Dundee manager James McCann says he will be speaking to the club's managing director about the difficulty in identifying new players.
IOC president Thomas Bach has said he has no regrets about his decision to ban Russia from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 90.
A decade of economic growth and a long history of affirmative action in India has produced a mixed picture.
Tiger Woods says he is "feeling good" about his recovery from back surgery and is looking forward to the start of the 2017 season.
A woman has described the moment she answered the door of a house in Londonderry where a man was shot in the leg.
The man suspected of running the Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.
David Fox scored twice as League Two leaders Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield.
As England prepare for the final leg of the London Sevens, we take a look at some of the key players who will be taking part in this year's tournament.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says his side will enjoy their return to the Premiership next season.
A man has been found dead after a hang gliding accident in Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Scott Morrison says the club's late goals have been "devastating" for the fans.
Zambia coach David Chambeshi believes his side have the strength and power to beat Germany on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials ahead of a controversial election for a new constituent assembly.
Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin has said.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp on the outskirts of Paris.
BBC Radio 4's Today programme presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a ferry service in Hampshire.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car are raising money to set up a centre for young people to learn about woodland survival.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd singer Syd Barrett is to be unveiled next year, its designer has said.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been condemned for comments he made about a female missionary who was raped while ministering in a prison.
Former Conservative prime minister Sir John Major has called for a second referendum on the UK's membership of the EU "absolute rubbish".
A photographer has won a competition to take a photograph of the Bristol skyline.
The number of enquiries about GCSE and A-level results in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to official figures.
Boeing has reported a sharp fall in sales and profits for the fourth quarter of the year, as demand for its military aircraft continued to decline.
Coleraine rower Paul Cassells and Dan Scrimgeour have won the European Rowing Championships title for the second year in a row.
Australia beat India by seven wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
A major online university provider says it is "absolutely convinced" that online courses will be fully online within five years.
Belfast Stakes won the race for the first time in his career with a comfortable victory at Aintree.
The Irish Travelling community may have been genetically isolated from settled people in the Republic of Ireland, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise a stretch of road in Inverness which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A 33-year-old man has been charged with murder after the bodies of a man and woman were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's European Triathlon Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The Burrell Museum in Glasgow is to reopen to the public in 2020, the city council has announced.
A bend in the River Severn has been restored following a two-year project to reduce the risk of flooding.
Yemenia Airways has been charged by French authorities over a plane crash in the Mediterranean in 2007 that killed more than 150 people.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has said Republicans who make weird noises during an election campaign should shut up.
Orlando City Women have signed former world player of the year Marta for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour leader Andy Murray has claimed victory in the general election.
Catalans Dragons have parted company with coach Philippe Frayssinous by mutual consent.
Twin Princess Gabriella and Prince Albert II have been born to the royal family in Monaco.
A new maternity clinic is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital to help women who have experienced sexual violence during labour.
Northern Ireland's Ben Smyth and Liam Reid both missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the 200m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
More than 20 people have been arrested in connection with violent disorder on the M20 in Maidstone, Kent.
Banks and accountants should face financial penalties if they help people evade tax, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in "crisis".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage should take a break from the party, the party's deputy leader has said.
The Wedgwood Museum has signed off on the sale of its collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Saudi Arabia is one of the most powerful states in the Arab world.
The number of children being bullied online in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past year, a charity has said.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a 14-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have been killed by a car in County Fermanagh.
A supermarket chain has agreed to buy a town centre building in Cornwall for £300,000, subject to contract.
When the prime minister said he wanted to invest Â£1bn in school sport in England, he was met with a mixed response.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen sharply, according to new figures.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead after a crash in the final stage.
Vic Vine has apologised after a video appeared to show him being beaten up by a group of teenage bullies in the 1980s.
More than half of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to a new report.
The number of flights taking off from Prestwick Airport this summer is predicted to be the highest ever for a summer period, according to the airport's operator.
US tech giant Hewlett-Packard plans to cut 1,000 jobs by the end of the year as part of a restructuring plan.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Motherwell.
The number of hours taken by ambulance crews to handover patients at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past five years.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman in Oxford.
The former director of the Academy of Ancient Music, Christopher Vogwood, has died at the age of 87.
A lion cub rescued from a zoo in Saudi Arabia has been nursed back to health by staff.
George Osborne is to meet German finance ministers in Berlin later to discuss the UK's plans for reform of the EU.
An Australian company has been fined for causing the collapse of a sacred rock in a remote part of the country.
It's Black Friday, the UK's biggest shopping day of the year.
A transgender woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has become the country's first female police officer.
GAA director general Michael Duffy has published a discussion paper calling for the abolition of the inter-county minor grade.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Londonderry.
A British company has developed a 3D-scan device that can be fitted to amputees' hands.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig believes manager Ronny Deila is to blame for the club's failure to reach the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the most iconic stadiums in the world.
Wrexham striker Chris Morrell has been appointed as the new manager of the National League club.
As the pound continues to fall against the dollar, US fashion blogger David DeLeon is enjoying the benefits of the UK's favourable exchange rate.
Civil servants are being asked to help secure the UK border ahead of a planned strike by public sector workers, union bosses have said.
Olympic 10,000m champion Shola Cheruiyot finished 13th in the women's race at the Rio Games, just behind compatriot Shola Almaz.
The bodies of two men who died in a "flashover explosion" at a quarry in Edinburgh have been recovered, police have said.
The US and UK have called for air drops on rebel-held areas of Syria to resume on Wednesday, saying they are the "last resort" to relieve suffering.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says.
Bristol City have signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against former Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong.
A new partnership for people affected by rare diseases has been launched in Belfast.
Two teenage girls accused of stabbing a classmate to death in Wisconsin have been ordered to stand trial as adults after a judge ruled they were too young to face charges as adults.
The US army has given the go-ahead to work on the final section of a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
Hungary's governing Fidesz party has held its final rally in the capital, Budapest, ahead of Sunday's parliamentary elections.
Two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a trailer from a dairy company in Torfaen.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the sea off the western coast of Australia, according to local media.
In his speech on Wednesday, Boris Johnson said the UK would only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three.
When Kailash Kohli was 15 years old, his teacher told him to build a robot.
The US has carried out air strikes on al-Shabab militants in Somalia, the Pentagon has said.
A stained glass window at a Cardiff church is to be repaired after it was damaged during World War Two.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a garden wall in Birmingham.
All primary school pupils in England will be tested for their grasp of maths by the end of the year.
British Gymnastics says it is investigating a video posted on social media in which former Strictly Come Dancing star Adam Smith appears to mock Islam.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to stop the government axing the International Living Fund (ILF).
The UK-based outsourcing company G4S has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £3.2bn in the first three months of the year.
A bus driver has been shot dead by masked gunmen in Venezuela, officials say.
Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its revamped A380 passenger jet.
The head of one of the UK's biggest firms has said it would be "definitely in" for the UK to leave the European Union.
An illegal high rise in the Indian city of Mumbai has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
US investment firm BlackRock is to cut a further 10,000 jobs as part of cost-cutting efforts, according to reports.
When Daniel Dwyer was a teenager, he wanted to be a footballer.
Russia has been told to "dance on the table" and "sing a song" as part of efforts to reinstate its athletics federation.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after their ashes were mistakenly scattered at a family's home.
The chief executive of the British SkyB is to address the BBC's critics at an event in Edinburgh later.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has intervened in the junior doctors' dispute with the government.
Hamilton Academical moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund to boost the north of England has been announced by the government.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while eight months pregnant.
Italian police have arrested 18 people in a series of raids in the north-eastern province of Calabria.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will repeal a controversial law that has been criticised by the International Monetary Fund.
A new code of conduct for police officers has been introduced in Scotland.
A 79-year-old woman has been told she will have to dig up a road to install a landline.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most successful political leaders.
Designer Tommy Hilfiger has said he was "very unhappy" about a report that suggested Gigi Hadid was not thin enough.
The family of former US DJ Casey Kasem are suing his stepmother for $250,000 (Â£166,000) in damages.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been expelled from France after being arrested at a match in Barcelona.
Jammeh, the former leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo, has been arrested on suspicion of embezzlement and misuse of public funds.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock, who were sent off for a second time in three games following the red card shown to goalkeeper Vincenzo Pascali.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to four points with victory over St Johnstone.
South Africa have reached the quarter-finals of the men's rugby sevens at the Rio Olympics.
Google has introduced a new system to stop people setting up automated bots on websites.
Paralympic sprinter Michael Smyth says he is aiming to improve on his performance at the European Championships in Daegu last month.
A fairytale castle cake and a number of smaller cakes have been stolen from a golf club after a party attended by Irish Gypsies.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has been quizzed by MPs on the impact of Brexit on Wales.
The Boojum Mexican restaurant chain in County Antrim has been sold to a group of businessmen for an undisclosed sum.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack in London.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border, Russian officials say.
Iraqi government forces have carried out a series of air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Falluja, the military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Our Duke, ridden by Tony Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career as he finished second in the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed yn ôl ym Môn wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers Cwpan y Byd 1958.
The number of NHS trusts in England rated as "outstanding" and "poor" has been cut by more than a third, the health secretary has announced.
A disabled man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" at his home in Inverness.
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree.
Iran has been gripped by a huge pay scandal in recent weeks.
Wild bison have been rejected by rangers in the US national park in Yellowstone, Yellowstone National Park officials have said.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.6% in the year to March 2016, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are facing a "devastating blow" after councillors voted to change their contracts.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international David McDiarmid on a two-year deal.
Wimbledon champion Heather Watson's coach Carlo Veronelli has retired from tennis.
In the wake of the attack on an aid convoy and hospital in Damascus on Friday, the Syrian conflict appears to be heading for a brutal stalemate.
Two British pupils have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
Joe Biden has urged Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to "vive le Canada because we need you very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
"Twenty years ago, you would not have been considered an entrepreneur," says Shona Terry, one of Kenya's leading female entrepreneurs.
A GP accused of killing a 12-year-old boy was "curious" about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new centre for the protection of birds in a Nottinghamshire forest have been unveiled.
A letter sent to the US President George W Bush and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin during the Cold War is to be auctioned.
A museum in Singapore has returned a bronze sculpture thought to have been stolen from a temple in India.
A vintage train has arrived at a London airport for the first time in more than 100 years.
Rory Donald says he decided not to be a baby when he retired from golf at the age of 31.
In the early 20th Century, in a swampy area of Camaguey province in the north-west of Cuba, a small group of pioneers crossed the river and set off for La Gloria City.
Voters in England and Wales go to the polls on 8 May to choose their local council representatives.
There will be 40,000 fewer cases of dementia in the UK over the next 20 years, according to a new study.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a High Court decision to fine a father for taking his daughter on holiday in term time.
The family of a Dundee man who was known as "Santa's Little Helper" have paid tribute to him.
Turkish Kurdish fighters have carried the body of a German woman who was killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Theresa May has set out her plans for No 10, in a speech to the Conservative Party conference.
A football referee has died after being hit by a punch during a game in the US state of Michigan, police say.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in a "brutal act of violence" in the US state of Indiana, police say.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to persuade a young soldier to carry out a plot to kill two British soldiers.
An Indian journalist has been arrested over allegations that he fabricated a government document that banned Muslims from teaching yoga.
Scientists have measured the amplitude of the tides at the bottom of the Loch Ness loch.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash which killed 11 people will not be held until 2017, it has been announced.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing more than £100,000 from cash machines in the Mersey area.
Pope Francis "destroyed" the unity of the Australian Catholic Church by failing to condemn child sexual abuse, a bishop has said.
Celtic are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of Manchester City midfielder Pat Roberts.
An animatronic robot that can travel at up to 5km/h (1mph) on a tank of diesel has been unveiled.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack, according to a survey.
Pope Francis is due to make his first visit to Africa later this month.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said he is "as suitable" as he is to fight tax evasion and fiscal fraud.
Laura Muir has set a new Scottish record for the women's 4x400m relay.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Birmingham City came from behind to beat Newcastle United in the FA Cup third round.
Mark Cavendish said he was "proud" of his team-mates after they won Olympic gold in the men's road race in Copenhagen.
It's almost 20 years since pop group All Saints first appeared on the BBC's Top of the Pops, but what does it take to be a woman in pop music?
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares have been knocked out of the ATP World Tour Finals in the quarter-finals.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers are being urged to clean up the Isle of Man's beaches.
A blanket ban on the sale of so-called legal highs is to be introduced in the UK, the government has announced.
As the National Football League (NFL) heads into its final season of the 2015 season, it is easy to forget that Roger Goodell's reign as the league's most powerful figure is under way.
A nurse who filmed himself raping patients in an accident and emergency department has been jailed for eight years.
Ballyliffin Golf Club in County Donegal is to host the Irish Open in 2019 and 2020.
Jack Leaning's maiden first-class century put Yorkshire in a strong position against Lancashire on day two at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays farmers for their milk.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised for misleading users about the dangers of cloned ink cartridges.
A judge has ruled that Donald Sterling, the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team, can sell the team to his wife.
A primary school has been forced to close because of a "perfect storm" of bugs.
More than 70,000 people in Wales are not registered to vote in May's assembly election, the head of the Electoral Commission has said.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it is "as well prepared as any company can be" to deal with the risks of drilling in the Arctic.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was murdered just yards from her constituency office.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "fierce punitive and deterring response" against those who throw stones and explosives on the eve of the Jewish New Year.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to ask the Supreme Court to consider a controversial abortion bill.
The crew of the St Abbs RNLI lifeboat station in the Borders have agreed to take back their pagers in a bid to save the station.
Kumar Sangakkara hit a century as Surrey made a winning start to their County Championship Division Two campaign against Nottinghamshire.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun.
Bumblebees, chaffinches and goldfinches are struggling to find a suitable place to nest, according to a study.
The Prince of Wales has told the Royal Military Academy's officer cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears".
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahamadou from French club Le Havre.
The US has warned that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) could be the most dangerous jihadist group in the world.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray says there has been progress in the Six Nations, despite their poor start to the tournament.
A review of tourism in Northern Ireland has called for a shake-up of the tourism industry.
"He was the best footballer in the world," says Antonio Carlos da Silva, the coach of Team Brazil's football team in Rio de Janeiro.
A man arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs has been released on bail after testing positive for a new form of the drug MDMA.
Sir Mick Jagger has said he "will never forget" his partner L'Wren Scott.
Plans to build 4,020 new homes on greenbelt land in York have been unveiled.
A radio station in Zimbabwe has gone out of business, its manager has said.
NHS England is being urged to ring-fence extra funding for children's mental health services, amid concerns some services are being cut.
The family of a teenager who will be singing alongside Jake Shakeshaft in the Eurovision Song Contest are preparing to celebrate his success.
Huddersfield Giants have signed former Leeds Rhinos prop Matt Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again - time to get active!
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by women in Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country over an attack on a US diplomat, the Pentagon has said.
Ben Stokes hit a stunning half-century as England beat India by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
A police force has been criticised over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has a responsibility to investigate and punish those responsible for the killings of people in Northern Ireland, a senior European official has said.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at how artificial intelligence could change the way we interact with computers.
A 17-year-old boy arrested in connection with the disappearance of two teenagers from Yorkshire has been released on bail.
Britain's Chris Scott won gold in the men's 100m freestyle at the European Championships in Italy.
A parade has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the freedom of Yeovil Naval Base.
A man whose car was stolen has said he has been told he will not face any further police inquiries.
For the past five years, Kechara Khong has been helping the poor in Malaysia.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing Nigeria's education system.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear accident was a "manmade disaster" that could and should have been prevented, Japan's nuclear accident watchdog has said.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down in June.
NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned customers that they could be charged interest if the Bank of England turns the official interest rate negative.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals for the first time in their history.
Former Liverpool striker Rhys Coady is determined to take the pressure off his former club Wolves when they meet at Anfield on Saturday.
A County Londonderry bar has been closed after a man was found dead at the premises.
A man who ate a fish won at a fair has been banned from owning animals.
Serbia have been banned from the Euro 2016 qualifier against Albania after their match was abandoned because of crowd trouble.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest oil company.
Wrexham suffered a 2-0 home defeat by Wrexham in their first pre-season friendly.
Pakistan have been cleared to tour India for the World Twenty20 in March and April.
Blues manager Gary Rowett has called on his side to "get that bit between their teeth" after they were beaten by Peterborough United on Saturday.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has said he will form a government that will "save the nation" after the Senate voted to suspend his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff.
An ancient river in China may have been the source of one of the world's largest floods, according to a new study.
A Florida teenager has been charged with fraud and theft after allegedly posing as a medical doctor to seek treatment for stomach pain.
Rafael Nadal is one of the greatest tennis players of all time.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports season has reached its highest level for more than a decade, according to new figures.
Two police officers have been jailed for seven years for conspiring to steal drugs worth Â£7,000.
Lancashire captain James Giles says his side are "far from safe" after a poor start to the season.
A man who raped and robbed a woman in Leicester has been jailed for life.
Cornwall's hopes of winning the Challenge Cup at Twickenham are "not perfect", says the club's director of rugby Dai Dawe.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has been helping students get home safely from the University of Texas.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring the government to hand over state property to the new president.
Donald Trump has said he will rebuild the US "in the worst shape they've ever been in before".
Former Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 74, his family has announced.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a beach in Invergordon.
The Northern Ireland attorney general has failed in his attempt to invoke his powers to appeal against a High Court ruling on gay marriage.
The Labour leadership race could be "crippled" by claims non-Labour supporters have been denied a vote, the party has said.
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight because he was black says they will sue the airline.
The killing of an Aberdeen man by the UK military was not a "targeted" attack, Labour MP Harriet Harman has said.
The Welsh amateur boxing association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify for public money, according to a report by auditors.
Three Edinburgh schools have been closed as a precautionary measure following a safety inspection.
A German woman who suffered a pulmonary embolism after taking Bayer's Yasminelle contraceptive pill has launched a civil case against the company.
A new escalator has been installed at one of London's busiest Tube stations in a bid to reduce queues.
Victims of asbestos-related disease Mesothelioma are to be eligible for compensation under a new fund set up by the government.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of murder.
The US House of Representatives has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Australian artist Betty Churcher has died at the age of 84.
The ratings agency Moody's has changed its position on the UK's credit rating following the country's vote to leave the European Union.
The second trial of two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime has begun in the capital, Phnom Penh.
Richard Oz, the editor of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey duo Jake and Kodi on loan until the end of the season.
There is no threat to law-abiding, hard working Polish, Hungarian, other EU citizens working in the UK, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been reunited with his owner after being found in a warehouse.
A football fan accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling of a Norwich City dressing room.
The Home Office has begun the process of deporting more than 100 workers who worked in takeaway restaurants in the south of England.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Mark Webber was forced to pull out of the race at the end.
Hampshire's new chief constable has been appointed by the county's police and crime commissioner.
Northern Ireland's Michael Irivine has won gold in the men's lightweight division at the European Championships in Kiev.
Olympic skip Dave Brewster has secured his place at next month's European Curling Championships in Braehead.
Donegal will face Galway in the second round of the All-Ireland qualifier at Croke Park on Saturday.
There has been a lot of speculation about when the UK will hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union.
Tributes have been paid to the late TV producer and broadcaster David Perry during a business statement.
Derby County striker Christian Bent says he is confident the Championship play-offs will be a success despite a poor start to the season.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment, from the Grammys to the Oscars.
Partick Thistle's winless run extended to eight games as they were held to a draw by Ross County.
Dozens of people have been forced to leave their homes in the eastern Ukrainian city of Voronezh as shelling continues.
One of the largest Roman mosaics ever found is to be made available to the public, the city's mayor has said.
Voters in Scotland overwhelmingly support giving Holyrood full control of income tax, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner, Dr Joseph Adesina, has been awarded the US $250,000 (Â£200,000) prize for his work on improving food security in rural Africa.
An armed police officer has been suspended after he was caught on CCTV carrying a handgun in a railway station.
The El Nino weather phenomenon is set to be the strongest on record in 2016, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Scientists in the US say they have made the first attempt to grow a kidney out of a rat.
A US university has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apple.
A steam train has gone on show in Cumbria.
If you want to start your own Couch to 5K Challenge just like Anna, you can do it.
A national marine centre is to be built in Berwick-upon-Tweed in a bid to boost visitor numbers.
Passenger exit checks are to be introduced on Eurotunnel, P&O Ferries and the Channel Tunnel, the government has announced.
Britain's Beth Tweddle has won gold in the women's all-around gymnastics at the Olympics in Rio.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ryan Pearce from Latics for an undisclosed fee.
Hastings Pier has been officially opened to the public for the first time.
An Australian court has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of his ex-wife in a cafe siege.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation "lost the plot" over a £1m pay-off to a senior executive.
Kilmarnock were held to a goalless draw by Hamilton Academical in the Scottish Premiership.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to beat Northern Ireland in their Euro 2016 warm-up game.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead in a Liverpool pub.
Former Rangers captain Lee Ferguson says he is "not stupid enough" to say he is ready to manage Rangers.
Italy's Senate speaker has suspended two centre-right senators after they were reported to have gestured in the direction of a female colleague during a debate.
Israel has asked Australia to remove a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged passports in the murder of a Dubai businessman.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to life in prison for fraud and tax evasion.
More than 100 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea's capital, Lae, police say.
England's women won their first Six Nations title with a comfortable victory over Ireland at Twickenham.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Sunni Muslim clerics in northern Lebanon, officials say.
All Girl Guides in England and Wales will no longer be required to swear an oath to God, a consultation has found.
The number of illegal immigrants being detained or arrested by Dover police has risen sharply in the past year.
"Gibraltarpedia" is about to be launched in Gibraltar, according to one of its organisers.
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here star David Wright has agreed a deal to take over Isthmian League sideillericay Town, according to the club's chairman.
Rochdale's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Bradford.
A firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was seriously injured when a forklift truck hit him in the leg.
The Irish government failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, according to a new report.
Education should be devolved to the people who run the schools, former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said.
The ancestors of some of Europe's earliest farmers are the closest ancestors of present-day Basques, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released seven players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a busy year in the world of music.
Wales will be better off having a Labour prime minister than a Tory, the party's leader in Wales has said.
A new sixth form is to be built in Deeside, Flintshire, as part of a major overhaul of post-16 education.
Burnley have signed striker Danny Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role as a teacher in a popular children's TV show in the 1960s, has died at the age of 86.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Steve Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff in a post-partum psychosis episode could have been avoided, a coroner has ruled.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal striker Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" in response to the publication of topless caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad in a satirical magazine.
When Magda Tilli and her husband, Miguel, decided to start their own business in Lisbon in the early summer of 2013, they had no idea what they would end up with.
Sherlock Holmes has opened a new maze in London called Maze.
Apple's refusal to help the FBI unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the Middle East has said.
Florida has declared a state of emergency in a river polluted with toxic blue-green algae.
The director of BBC One drama Doctor Who has confirmed there will be no more episodes after this series.
A theme park which was closed after a rollercoaster crash is to reopen next month.
The Ospreys are to review the future of head coach Lee Johnson after he was reported to have left the region by mutual consent.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
France fly-half Tom Abendanon says he has changed his mind on playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union's policy on domestic players.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen sharply, according to a survey commissioned by the government.
It's that time of year again - time to find out who you think is the greatest boxer of all time.
The City of London's former special representative to the EU has described France as a "bad cop" who wants to weaken the UK following Brexit.
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill took charge of the team at Euro 2012, he was told he would have to hitch-hike with some German fans.
Souleymane Doukara and Chris Wood scored as Leeds United came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
Alex Hales hit a career-best 75 not out as Nottinghamshire beat Durham by seven wickets in the T20 Blast.
A man who raised more than Â£100,000 for cancer patients in Yemen has said he is "devastated" by the plight of an 11-year-old girl who was unable to get treatment.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles says his side are not good enough in one-day cricket after their 5-0 defeat by New Zealand.
A lifeboat crew has been removed from a Channel Island lifeboat after a dispute with its coxswain.
Scientists have discovered the earliest embryos of a species of dinosaur that lived on the Earth.
Northern Ireland have qualified for the Euro 2016 football tournament.
A midwife's death at a hospital in North Yorkshire was the result of a "simultaneous failure of a great many systems at almost every level", a report has found.
The campaign manager for US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a Washington Post reporter.
Land Rover has long been known for its rugged off-road vehicles.
A mother accused of drowning her two-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud after a by-election in which a Liberal Democrat was defeated by the Conservatives.
Organisers of the Dismaland festival say they have been overwhelmed by the response to their exhibition in Bristol.
Real Madrid say they are "unjustifiable and unacceptable" after a French minister accused the Spaniard of doping.
A US aircraft carrier that was due to arrive in the Western Pacific earlier this month has failed to arrive, the Pentagon has said.
Two men accused of murdering a man outside a wedding in County Down are to be released on bail, a court has heard.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said some of the county's police stations are no longer in the best position to serve the public.
Serbia's Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over Serbia's Viktor Troicki.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo from Sporting Lisbon for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is one of the biggest running events in the world.
Stoke City manager Lee Collins says the club's interest in Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford is proof of the quality of young players in England's academies.
A former Sri Lankan defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons arsenal off the coast of the capital, Colombo.
Australian politicians have reacted angrily to a video featuring cartoonist Michael Katter in which he appears to shoot dead two people at a gay nightclub.
NHS England is to limit the number of patients in England who can be given a new drug that costs £20m a year, under a new plan.
Jordan Clark scored the only goal of the game as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford City.
A charity has called for urgent action to prevent people slipping through the safety net of social security.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Northampton Town manager Steve Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One Stourbridge is the club's biggest achievement.
Lyon and Besiktas played out a tense Europa League first-round tie at Lyon's Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium, with both teams banned from the pitch.
Savers who have more than £1m in savings in their accounts may not be able to receive compensation, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Norwich City have signed former Bournemouth and Norwich City midfielder David Surman on a two-year deal.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben from Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
Wales Under-20 ended their Six Nations campaign with a hard-fought victory over Italy in Rome.
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of a man in Dublin more than 20 years ago have begun a search of a site in the Republic of Ireland.
Arsenal and Boreham Wood have signed a new three-year deal to play at the Hive Stadium.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has renewed its £3.7m kit sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 has reached an agreement with its rivals on the controversial double points rule.
Ed Miliband has said he would be "devastated" if Britain were to leave the European Union.
Leicester Tigers head coach Danny Murphy says the club's Anglo-Welsh Cup win over Saracens could be the catalyst to kick-on in the Premiership.
Macclesfield maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Three brothers have been sentenced for drugs offences linked to the seizure of drugs in east Belfast.
Yahoo is considering bringing its news briefing app to wearables, a teenager has said.
Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino is set to return to action for the first time since suffering a knee injury in the 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace.
The Queen has an "amazing" Scottish accent, her cousin has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of holding a woman hostage at a bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming's performance director Mark Scott has resigned after a review found he failed to meet Olympic targets.
Michael Phelps missed out on a fourth successive Olympic gold medal as he was beaten by Michael Schooling in the men's 200m individual medley final at Rio 2016.
A seven-year-old boy from a Daventry school has applied to become England manager, the Football Association has confirmed.
A Conservative MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act in England and Wales.
England's Mark Davis suffered a shock defeat in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been taken to hospital after receiving a distress call from the coastguard in the Isle of Wight.
A dog had to be rescued after being trapped in a chair for more than an hour.
The owners of a zoo in Ceredigion have been fined for illegally selling endangered animals.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of so-called Islamic State's most senior propagandists, has been killed in an air strike in Syria, the group says.
A man who killed his ex-partner at a Dorset railway station has been jailed for manslaughter.
A woman has been killed after a bus hit a wall in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash on the Isle of Man.
Ferrari are interested in signing Valtteri Bottas from Williams to drive alongside Jenson Button at the end of the season.
The new James Bond film will feature Sean Connery as the secret agent, according to the film's producer.
Thousands of older people in Scotland are facing delays in getting care they need, according to a charity.
Rabbit and hares are an important part of the UK's ecosystem, according to scientists.
Four people have admitted selling more than 750 cockerpoo puppies to prospective buyers for up to £300,000.
Four men have appeared in court charged with international terrorism after being arrested in a series of raids in Europe.
Amazon has launched a subscription-based streaming service in the UK.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has allowed online booking websites to offer discounts on hotel rooms, following an investigation by the Competition and Markets Authority (OTS).
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell sharply after results from mining giant Glencore and South African financial services group Old Mutual.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's track Shake It Off from its list of the 100 most popular songs of 2014.
Leeds Rhinos director of rugby Steve Carter says the club have been given six months' notice to take back ownership of the Kingspan Stadium.
Prince William has said he takes royal duty "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been cleared to return to action for the start of the 2015 NFL season.
Japanese messaging app Line is planning to list its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
An ambulance worker who squeezed a colleague's breast while flirting has been struck off.
A council has said it is "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre.
The Russian consul in Athens has been found dead at his home in the Greek capital, Athens.
Renault has told Formula 1 bosses not to count on the company as a supplier of an engine.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a major department store or a department store should be the preferred site for a new BBC headquarters in the city centre.
A man has been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester.
A number of businesses in the West Midlands have been targeted by thieves who have broken into their premises.
A police officer in the southern Indian state of Kerala has said that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co-host a charity television special.
The UK will not impose import tariffs on goods bought from developing countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has completed the Great North Run for the first time in her life.
A bomb attack on the National Security Service (NDS) building in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least seven people, officials say.
China is facing one of the world's most unaffordable housing markets.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in his Nottinghamshire home.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been condemned by the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF).
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors in Wales have been backed by the Health and Social Care Authority (BMA).
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling's ambition is to win trophies at the club.
Working until you can no longer afford it is a dream for many people.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
The European Championships for blind and visually-impaired judo fighters will be held in Wolverhampton later this year.
Stafford's County Hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Vern Cotter has accepted Gregor Townsend's decision to leave the Scottish Rugby Union.
A German data watchdog has ordered Facebook to hand over users' data to its parent company, WhatsApp.
Matthew Perry is set to appear in a special of the US sitcom Friends, his spokeswoman has confirmed.
Wales football fans have been praising their team after they were knocked out of the European Under-21 Championship.
More than 20 mosques across Britain are to open their doors to the public to mark International Visit My Mosque Day.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by rumours linking him with the England job.
The UK would be a "shock" to the world economy if it voted to leave the EU, the UK's finance ministers have warned.
A soldier who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Iraq says he is struggling to cope with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton wants to "abolish" the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has launched a general election campaign aimed at mobilising the student vote against the Liberal Democrats.
The UK's new anti-slavery commissioner has said he is "extremely concerned" about the number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria.
Older women are more likely to have shorter telomeres than their younger counterparts, a study suggests.
Turkish police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters in the capital, Istanbul.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose by more than 5% in the third quarter of this year, according to official figures.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, according to the BBC's former chief executive David Harris.
The chief of staff to a Conservative MP has been charged with rape and sexual assault.
A fire has broken out at a school in West Yorkshire.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Stuart Hogg says the club's new 4G surface will help them "find their feet" in pre-season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with shares in banking stocks among the biggest fallers.
A hospital in Los Angeles has been hit by a ransomware attack demanding a ransom of $17,000 (£15,000).
British Badminton rider Emily Gilruth is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a traumatic brain injury during last year's event.
The brother of a Perth aid worker who was killed in Syria has said his brother's death was the worst day of his life.
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said a Commons committee will look into the future of the Clerk of the House.
A teenager from Orkney has become the first person to be born on an air ambulance after a flight to Aberdeen was diverted due to fog.
Jeremy Corbyn has said the assassination of Osama bin Laden was an "assassination attempt".
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a new film about Kenya's wildlife chief David Leakey.
Family Guy is getting a new home on the BBC.
Wreaths are to be laid across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney is the richest person in the UK and Ireland, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former Conservative MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
Somerset captain Michael Rogers says his side "fought everything" to beat Middlesex and win the County Championship.
John Swinney, Scotland's finance secretary, knew the size of the Scottish government's budget last month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said there are "a number of police investigations" into allegations of historical sexual abuse by Jimmy Savile.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and his Manchester United counterpart Paul Pogba have been involved in a heated exchange on the pitch.
David Goodwin says he is not retiring from the managerial role after taking himself out of the Alloa Athletic team.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Leicester City manager after just nine months in charge of the Premier League champions.
A diagnosis of measles was not enough to explain the death of a man who died from the disease, Public Health Wales has said.
A teenager accused of plotting to bomb the home of Labour MP Jo Cox has said he did not think her killers should be killed.
MPs have voted in favour of a bill to trigger the formal process of leaving the EU, despite a Labour rebellion.
The government's decision to cut business rates is "sensible" and "not something to be afraid of", a Labour MP has said.
Dover moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Firefighters at Alton Towers have described the scene of the crash as "the most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into the alleged manipulation of foreign exchange markets.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future".
The number of drivers caught speeding on the M4 in Wales has fallen by more than a third in a week.
A man has been arrested after cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m was found in County Antrim.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved two bills that would allow Crimea to become a new "subject" of the country.
Scotland's Education Secretary John Swinney has welcomed a rise in teacher numbers, but warned there are "significant challenges" ahead.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Glasgow city centre.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition.
China is to open its first unisex public toilet in the country's capital, Beijing, in November, state media report.
The treason investigation into two German journalists has sparked a debate about what journalists can and can't publish.
The International Space Station (ISS) is being used to carry out a range of scientific experiments.
Leeds United's recent improvement in form has been credited to manager Pep Guardiola, says defender James Bartley.
Plans for a new stand at Headingley have been submitted to the Scottish Football Association.
Angela Merkel has arrived in the town of Brilon in North Rhine-Westphalia to campaign for a fourth term in office.
Vladimir Putin's top adviser on Ukraine has warned that the country could be plunged into chaos if the US does not intervene.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a car at a farm in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Welsh assembly has the power to set minimum wages for agricultural workers.
Liam Payne has thanked fans for sticking with One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed into law a controversial bill which would allow women to terminate their pregnancies.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for the end of foreign aid.
Huddersfield Town have signed Kristoffer Christensen on a season-long loan from Fulham.
Former Miami Dolphins running back Michael Konrad has died after his boat capsized in the Atlantic Ocean.
The chief constable of Northern Ireland's Police Service has said he is disappointed with the outcome of political negotiations on the legacy of the Troubles.
A special day is being held to mark the 50th anniversary of The Beatles' first appearance at Liverpool's Cavern Club.
Britain's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady have been knocked out of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Thailand's Supreme Court has filed a criminal case against former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his election pledges, after the introduction of a stone tablet in Downing Street.
Plans for a new education campus in the Borders have been submitted to the council.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his roles as Widow Twanky and Little and Large, has died at the age of 91.
Crawley recorded their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over Leyton Orient.
A boy with a rare form of autism has been left "more anxious and closed" after his iPad was stolen from his home.
A weaker pound and a softer domestic market are likely to slow growth in the UK's economy in 2017 and 2018, according to a think tank.
A charity has launched a series of self-guided walking tours of Edinburgh city centre.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at a prison in Milton Keynes have lost a judicial review claim.
We want to hear from you about the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal in May 2015.
Comic book film The Dark Knight Rises has been praised by critics, with one calling it "humourless" and "overlong".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Jack Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The first female acts to be announced for this year's Bestival music festival have been announced.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, dragged down by energy shares.
More than 11,000 athletes at the Rio 2016 Olympics failed to pass drugs tests, according to a damning report.
A group representing Muslims in the US has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after receiving a suspicious package containing a white powder.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing, according to his company, Metersbonwe.
The BBC has a reputation for keeping secrets.
A new electronic drug prescribing system should be brought in in Wales, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a fall in half-year revenues and warned that cost savings will be "very hard" to achieve.
A group which runs steam locomotives in the Highlands has said it needs to build a new crossing.
Germany is preparing for a Brexit that would be "cataclysmic" for Europe and cataclysmic for the rest of the world.
A nurse who sent sexually explicit and degrading comments to colleagues while on duty has been struck off.
A new musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has been criticised by music industry figures for failing to protect the rights of songwriters and performers.
A woman whose email account was hacked by scammers asking for £50,000 to pay for her mortgage has said she is "devastated" by the attack.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's biggest dinosaurs.
Chile has summoned Venezuela's foreign minister to discuss the detention of a prominent Venezuelan journalist.
Dogs should be excluded from beaches and play areas in Worcestershire, according to a council survey.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher after the US economy added more jobs than expected in November.
More than 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans are being sought for the unveiling of a new centre dedicated to the service.
Drivers are being warned to expect delays and cancellations as millions of people travel to the UK over the Easter weekend.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Bavaria, German police say.
Sussex all-rounder Chris Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England slumped to a nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the first Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a woman who was stabbed to death at a Catholic school.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is proud of Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood.
Police have appealed for information after a security guard was racially abused on a train in North Lanarkshire.
A court in India has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for her role in the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Police in Bangladesh have released the names of nine men they say were among those killed in a raid on a cafe on Saturday.
Conor McGregor has been granted permission to fight Floyd Mayweather at 154lbs in Las Vegas.
Australian internet service providers (ISPs) have been ordered to hand over customer details in a copyright infringement case.
Wigan Warriors prop Luke Flower has been banned for six months for an elbow attack against Catalans Dragons.
Nasa has announced plans to send humans to Mars in 2020.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell 5% after the company reported a drop in fourth-quarter profits.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Israel's planning committee has postponed a vote on authorising more than 1,000 new homes in the occupied West Bank.
Dirk Kluivert Sr's 90th-minute goal gave Ajax victory over Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of UK property transactions fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club.
Oscar-nominated La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice prize for best film at the Toronto Film Festival.
Hampshire firefighters have set a new world record for the largest naan.
Edinburgh is to mark the centenary of the Queen's 90th birthday with a series of events, including a flypast to mark other important anniversaries.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for six years for raping and sexually abusing five teenage girls.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced, the Vatican has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is the favourite to win the Labour leadership, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's lower house of parliament has rejected a controversial amnesty bill that would have allowed former leader Thaksin Shinawatra to return to the country.
JP Morgan is considering moving its European operations out of London.
Britain's Greg Rutherford won the T44 men's 100m at the Great City Games in Manchester, becoming the first Briton to do so since the Manchester attack.
Overfeeding babies and young children may be increasing their risk of becoming overweight or obese, research suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not stand for re-election in Northern Ireland.
A woman who lost her mother to breast cancer has called the treatment available on the NHS in Scotland "barbaric".
Tranmere boosted their National League play-off hopes with a thumping 4-1 win at Dover.
Blackpool fans have been ordered to pay damages to a fan who posted offensive comments about the club on social media.
Britain's Chris Froome won the penultimate stage of the Tour de France on Saturday as he retained the leader's yellow jersey for the third time.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings, designed by architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has been officially opened in Glasgow.
Motherwell manager Alan Naysmith has praised Dom Thomas for joining Queens Park Rangers on a season-long loan from Everton.
Three men arrested in connection with the murder of Michael McIlhagga have been released on bail.
Work to refloat the oil rig that ran aground off the coast of Lewis is due to begin on Wednesday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a collection of World War Two medals from his home.
The government should ban the use of fireworks in back gardens, an MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are engaged in a war of words over immigration.
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in the 1980s has made a complaint to the Archbishop of York.
Jockeys are opposed to the idea of racing being held on Good Friday for the first time in 14 years, the head of the British Horseracing Authority has said.
More women should be allowed to take up public roles in Wales, a group of MPs has said.
Arsenal captain Mesut Ozil says he is keen to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A French man who was killed in the Paris attacks in December has been buried in a secret ceremony, reports say.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is one of the youngest children in the UK.
Two bottles of whisky found on the Isle of Canna could be added to the collection of the Scottish National Trust, it has been claimed.
A Mesolithic encampment near Stonehenge has been found in the UK, archaeologists have said.
Leaving the EU would mean a fall in UK income of up to £850 a year per household, according to a think tank.
Wolves kept alive their hopes of a Championship play-off place with a hard-fought victory at Leeds.
Actress Lena Dunham has spoken out about her decision to close a deal with Sony Pictures because she wanted to be liked.
A 17-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after a powerboat overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton.
A glacier in the Himalayas is disintegrating and forming large lakes, according to scientists.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the key stories in this week's sports news in Wales.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest convicted of leaking confidential documents to the media.
The new Star Trek film Star Trek Beyond will feature a gay character, the film's producers have said.
The results of the general election in England and Wales have been published.
Benefit claimants will be assessed on a regular basis to determine whether they need more support, the work and pensions secretary has said.
The IAAF has defended its decision to award the 2021 World Championships to Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he would resign if the Conservatives go ahead with plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Harriers.
A former civil servant in Myanmar has admitted buying a fake PhD degree from a fake university.
A former soldier could face a heart attack or death if he fails to give evidence at an inquest into the death of a boy shot by a rubber bullet, a coroner has said.
The BBC is to return to its Wimbledon highlights programme for the first time in its history.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of "several hundred thousand pounds" after their flood defence collapsed.
A County Armagh solicitor has admitted defrauding a bank out of £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game as Manchester United came from behind to beat Hull City and extend their unbeaten start to the season.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
The former secretary of Nazi leader Joseph Goebbels during World War Two, Eva Pomsel, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has said it is "very concerned" by Russia's alleged violation of its airspace over Syria.
Leon Britton has been hailed as a "brilliant idea" by Swansea City after he helped the club reach the Premier League play-offs.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after suffering blood poisoning at a hospital in Surrey was not given the "best chance" of survival, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council member has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office.
Curzon has been awarded an award by the Bafta Film Awards for its "outstanding British Contribution to Cinema".
Barrow manager Keith Cowley says his side are "living in cloud cuckoo land" after their 1-0 win over Braintree.
World number one Angelique Kerber eased past Dominika Cibulkova to reach the second round of the WTA Finals in New York.
The government has backed plans to sell more than 816,000 council homes to help fund the building of more affordable social housing.
Guernsey won their second table tennis gold medal of the 2015 Island Games in Gotland.
(Close): Shares in ITV and Carillion led the FTSE 100 higher after the airline said it had appointed a new chief executive.
Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
Lord Sugar has called for a spin-off series of The Apprentice to be broadcast on the BBC.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from a serious head injury.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a Leeds park.
At least 52 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion at a pipeline in Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer who was jailed for assaulting his girlfriend has had his sentence suspended for 18 months.
Five Grade I listed churches in Herefordshire and Shropshire have been awarded grants to help fund repairs.
Syrian government forces have dropped chlorine gas on rebel-held areas of the city of Aleppo, reports say.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win men's doubles gold at the Rio Olympics.
Arthur the cat has been a big hit with his owners.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been welcomed to Canada by the governor general of the Canadian province of Ottawa.
New baby incubators are to be fitted to Wales Air Ambulance's new helicopter, the RNLI has announced.
A bald eagle has made himself well and truly at home in a nest at a nature reserve in Perthshire.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has been named as the new patron of BBC One's Broadchurch.
In the wake of the deaths of two children in a car crash, it is important to consider the impact of the incident on the company.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been suspended from full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
England's Paul Donald has been named as the new ambassador for The Grove Golf Club.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says he is in talks with Watford over the signing of Sweden centre-back Anders Lindegaard.
Imagine you are on your way to the Monaco Grand Prix.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, reports say.
A man accused of murdering a drug dealer at a car park in Rhyl has told a court he was "scared" by the attack.
Plans to redevelop a former gay bar into flats have been approved by Tower Hamlets Council.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has imposed sanctions on three Irish boxers for placing bets on boxing events at the Rio Olympics.
A cabinet minister has announced he will stand for Parliament in the UK's referendum on leaving the European Union.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Biles reflects on the horrors of World War Two.
A head teacher at a Lincolnshire primary school has offered his staff a "duvet day" to help recruit and retain staff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to withdraw from the Rio Paralympics.
A Powys school has offered to take over the running of its library.
A powerful earthquake has struck the north-eastern Japanese city of Kumamoto, killing at least three people and injuring hundreds more.
A fire has broken out at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football captain has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £572,000 from a company in Northern Ireland.
A new community centre has been officially opened in Llandaff.
Nato has been accused of failing to investigate the deaths of civilians in its air campaign in Libya last year.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been cancelled due to security concerns.
A new vertical pier is to be built in a County Durham seaside town.
Britain's Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Lisbon Half Marathon in a time of 58:23.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has said the cessation of hostilities in Syria is holding "positive" talks with the government and opposition.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been arrested after a knife was thrown at a man in Londonderry.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon over its policy of barring women from combat roles in the US military.
It was a shock to learn that Pope Benedict had resigned after just two weeks in office.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru wnaeth ymateb eu bod yn gallu darparu pecyn gofal i gyngor Conwy yng Nghymru.
A fire service has said it is investigating why it missed the target of a 15-minute response time to a blaze in Suffolk.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must take "a few risks" when they face New Zealand in the second Test in Auckland on Saturday.
Cole Stockton's first-half strike earned Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers helped Grimsby to a 2-0 win over Accrington.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi amid a large number of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have raided the homes and places of worship of Aum Shinrikyo cultists in St Petersburg, officials say.
Katie Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's 10km race as her team-mate Tufa Kirwa finished fourth.
A man has been reunited with his father's classic car after it crossed the Atlantic four times.
Britain's Lizzie Pavey won gold in the women's 5,000m at the World Championships in London.
The former deputy first minister of Northern Ireland has been removed from office.
When millionaire Peter Morgan strangled his ex-partner to death at his home in Newport in January 2016, he knew she had Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia Test captain Phillip Hughes.
Mae achos bod Pesticcio yn euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol i Joshua Deguara trwy yrru'n beryglus yn ddiweddarach.
Millwall reached the League One play-off final for the first time in their history with a draw against Bradford.
A fly-tipper who dumped thousands of tonnes of rubbish on his own land has been fined.
Scientists have discovered a new species of fish-scale gecko that can detach its tails when it is attacked.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of mobile chips, has been fined $1.5bn (£1.6bn) by China's anti-monopoly regulator.
Renard has been named as the new coach of Morocco at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says Gordon Strachan is the best left-back in the country and would not swap him for any Celtic player.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has topped the UK album chart for the first time.
More than half of young people in England are taking A-levels in schools in their council areas, according to a study.
ITV1 soap Emmerdale has been named best new drama at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Cannabis plants have been found in a former cinema in Dumfries and Galloway.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has called on the home secretary to intervene in the case of a student being deported from the UK.
A Cardiff vocational training college is being investigated by the police over claims it has been involved in a fraud.
A Canadian man has been arrested in the US on suspicion of trying to smuggle drugs into the country from Canada.
A section of rocket wreckage found off the coast of Northumberland has been identified as that of a SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
The mother of murdered six-year-old Caylee Anthony has spoken for the first time since she was found guilty of her daughter's murder in 2011.
South Korea says it has paid wages to thousands of North Koreans who worked at its Kaesong industrial complex for more than a decade.
Manchester City have been fined £1,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were fit for testing.
A nursery worker has appeared in court accused of raping a boy at the nursery where he worked, police have said.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas finances, according to the BBC.
England's hopes of reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia.
A student who lost her hand after a night out has said she is lucky to have it back.
Gary Neville has accepted the role of assistant coach to Pako Ayestaran at Valencia.
A two-year-old dog has been rescued after being shot in the head with a crossbow.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of as many as 14 million US government employees, US officials say.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, has proposed raising the retirement age for state workers to 67.
Bath have signed two first-team players on loan until the end of the season.
Ned's Marianne Vos won the Women's Tour of Britain in the same time as Germany's Emma Johansson.
The M4 has reopened following a crash between a car and a lorry on Monday morning.
The winner of the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be announced on Tuesday.
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has defended its decision to appoint a former BBC journalist as its new press secretary.
Bonfire Night has ended without significant incident in Stirling and Edinburgh, according to the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service.
The world's most successful men's tennis team, Novak Djokovic, Stan Wawrinka, Rafael Nadal and Kei Nishikori, is a force to be reckoned with.
A search is under way for the remains of a village in Gower.
Scarlets moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues.
It has been a week since the start of a major offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Paris.
The general election campaign has been one of the most unpredictable in recent years.
Two bids have been submitted to become UK Capital of Culture in 2021.
The sale of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) to Blackrock marks a significant moment in the history of the bank.
Tens of thousands of people in China have been evacuated as Typhoon Chan-hom sweeps across the country, state media report.
Scientists have created new DNA- and RNA-like molecules that can communicate with their natural counterparts.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at Kenya's political crisis.
Forty-five people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota in connection with a protest against a controversial oil pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who went missing while foraging for vegetables has been found safe and well after a six-day search.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Parkinson has said he is "bouncing and buoyed up and elated" by the support and support he has received since carrying the Olympic flame.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is enjoying the challenge of playing in League Two despite missing his family.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
US authorities say they have busted a massive drug trafficking ring in Arizona.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2019, according to a new report.
A woman has been found guilty of making a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken western Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) in a major offensive, officials say.
Chinese investment firm Fosun has raised its bid for Portuguese healthcare firm ESS.
"You can't cure your cancer through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
Saracens captain James Barritt says the Premiership is the "most competitive domestic league in the world".
A millionaire was unlawfully killed by his wife in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy week on the front pages of Northern Ireland's newspapers.
The story of Shakespeare's The Tempest is one of the most famous plays in the world.
A British woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her eyes for the first time in more than two months.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yn yr etholiad cyffredinol yng Nghymru.
Irish jockey Michael Moore has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Plans for an all-year holiday park in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Mario Rato has gone on trial in Madrid on charges of embezzlement.
A statue of former Champion Hurdle and Gold Cup winner John McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
Former Ulster Unionist Party (PUP) leader William Smith has died at the age of 74.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing drugs tests.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has visited Egypt to reaffirm her support for the country's transition to democracy.
A man has been found dead at the bottom of a canal in Bedfordshire.
Nato has condemned Russia's decision to send missiles to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad in the Baltic Sea.
Worcester Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions prop Sam Hopkins for the rest of the season.
Oxford United came from behind to earn a point against Newport County in the League Two play-off semi-final.
A new digital consultation system has been launched to allow students to experience the experience of going to see a GP.
A documentary about the transition from film to digital formats has been released by Keanu Reeves and the film-makers behind it.
A bird has been captured on camera peering into a camera lens at a railway station in north Wales.
Leeds United manager Massimo Cellino says he will buy a bus to allow the club's players to stay together in the event of a home game.
A former Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
H&M, the world's biggest fashion retailer, has announced plans to open more stores in London and other European cities.
A competition to find the world's heaviest tomato has been launched in Harrogate.
A children's website has been nominated for the Bafta Children's Awards for the first time.
Paris St-Germain have been crowned champions of the French Ligue 1 for the first time in their history after a 4-0 win over Nacional.
The Bank of England is to test the resilience of the UK's banks against a new global economic turndown.
Paris St-Germain have signed Roma midfielder Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A 41-year-old man has been charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a bridge collapsed on the M25 in Kent.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Aberdeenshire.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot and kill US President-elect Donald Trump has said she is "frightened" by his guilty plea.
Apple has been accused of "dumbing down" the terms of its new news app, Apple News.
Legislation is needed to tackle cyber-bullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have been assaulted by police, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire broke out in a wheelie bin.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts near the border with Afghanistan.
The White House has been ordered to release the names of visitors it has hosted at Trump Tower.
A new species of wasp has been discovered in the Mekong Delta region of South East Asia.
A man who carried out a "terrifying" sex attack on a woman in Canterbury has been jailed for six years.
Scientists have developed a way to hack the nerves of the nervous system to control the body's response to insulin.
A 10-year-old boy has died after being hit by a motorcyclist in east London.
The search is under way for a 69-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than a week.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has said Labour is in "no shape" to assume power following the election of its shadow cabinet.
One of the UK's biggest asset managers, Alliance Trust, has said it will not make an offer for the company.
Michael Keatley's late drop-goal gave Munster a thrilling bonus-point win over Edinburgh in the Pro12 at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Booker fell sharply after the supermarket said it was in talks with Vodafone over a possible merger.
Gas prices have risen sharply in the wake of the Ukraine crisis, which has caused major disruptions across Europe.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to design the 'halo' chassis for their 2017 cars.
Lithium salts have been shown to prolong the lives of fruit flies, a study suggests.
More than 100 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in the UK are to be moved to a temporary home, the BBC understands.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum, opposition leader Carlos Isturiz has said.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has backed plans to extend the Premiership season to 10 months.
Winds of up to 70mph and possibly 80mph have been forecast for parts of Northern Ireland overnight into Thursday.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who was abducted by Islamist militants in 2014, has said she will never forget them.
Glamorgan dominated the second day of their County Championship match against Derbyshire at Chester-le-Street.
A man has been found dead in a street in London's Hyde Park.
A passenger ferry has withdrawn from the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room ventilation fan failed.
In the wake of the Savile scandal, the BBC has written to the head of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to ask for an immediate review of the decision to drop a rape case against Leon Brittan.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it has "turned the page" in its row with Tunisia.
England's World Cup campaign came to an end as they were comprehensively beaten by France at Twickenham.
Teenage taekwondo player Luke Jones has been selected to represent Great Britain at the European Championships in Austria in June.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a US judge to be jailed for sexual assault.
Plans for a new visitor centre at the National Trust for Scotland (YSP) have been unveiled.
Scotland's newspapers have published their first editions after the polls closed.
A fire at a scrapyard in Monmouthshire is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed former Blackburn Rovers and Bournemouth striker Josh McShane on a two-year deal.
Legal documents relating to the conviction of former North Wales Police chief Arthur Anglesea are to be examined by the National Crime Agency.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, best known for her role in Casablanca, has died at the age of 91.
The leaders of the European Union and Turkey have held a summit in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis.
The opening of the new Forth Road Bridge has been delayed by more than a year.
A sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre.
A new £50m university campus has opened in Scarborough.
Work is under way to restore a section of the Swansea canal which has been used for more than 200 years.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's biggest upmarket burger chain, has been bought by a US-based company.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association following a fracas with Greenock Morton.
England beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 in Delhi.
It's one of the most anticipated video games of the year.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Sophie Stanning have won Olympic gold medals in the men's and women's rowing, respectively.
Great Britain's catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup in the first round of the competition.
In an exclusive interview with BBC Radio Scotland, former England and Wales director of rugby Steve Browne spoke of the need for the Pro12 to be restructured.
Charles Darwin was one of the most famous scientists in the world when he died in 1913.
Leinster moved up to second in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win at Scarlets.
The UK is to launch a year-long project to promote the work of William Shakespeare, marking the 400th anniversary of his death.
US President Barack Obama has said the Ferguson unrest is a "national problem" and he has requested $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in federal funding.
Bombardier has announced it is to build a new CS100 jet at its Belfast base.
Los Angeles and New York have cancelled school in response to a threat of a mass shooting.
Northern Ireland reached the second round of the Uefa Under-19 Women's World Cup with a 2-1 win over Spain in Belfast.
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has been forced to revise its figures for the number of new premises it has connected during the first half of 2017.
Rail operator Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are out of use for corrosion repairs.
David Cameron must make clear that he will abandon his EU migration pledge if he wins the referendum on Thursday, an MP has said.
When Roman Bogdanov was found guilty of attempting to rape a young Druid in 1980, he felt like a "pimp" on the stage.
Thousands of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" cheese race in the Blackmore Vale.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has donated $5.1bn (Â£3.2bn) to charity, according to a filing in the US.
One of UKIP's candidates to replace Paul Nuttall as leader has said he does not have a dog in the race.
When you are heavily pregnant, it can be difficult to prepare for an Olympic swim, especially if you are carrying a two-year-old.
Katarina Meilutyte set a new European Youth Swimming Championships record in qualifying for the 200m freestyle final.
Bristol City moved three points clear at the top of the Championship with victory over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended by the national rugby union following an incident in Cardiff city centre.
Optimism in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a public match at Upton Park.
People on benefits in Scotland are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements, according to a study.
Two accountants who mistakenly gave the wrong envelope to the Oscars presenters have been banned from doing their jobs again.
Tata Steel's decision to cut 1,000 jobs at its Port Talbot plant has raised questions about its future, a union has said.
Theresa May has said she wants the question of what will happen to EU citizens living in the UK to be dealt with in the early stages of Brexit talks.
Russia has shared with the European Union a list of 89 people it says have been banned from entering the EU.
Two rival gangs in Honduras say they have reached an agreement with the government to end their long-running civil war.
GoPro has unveiled a quadcopter that can be fitted to any of its cameras, the company's chief executive has said.
Plans to cut £1.3m a year from the cost of home-to-school transport for pupils in Wiltshire have been deferred.
Europe's Ryder Cup hopeful Jon Rahm is on course to join the European Tour at some stage in 2018.
Councils in England are facing further funding cuts of between 5% and 40%, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says his side must fight until the "last minute" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker player Lee Jae-yong has admitted defrauding a woman out of £1,600 by sending her a snooker cue.
A case against a woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham has been dropped.
Android phones running older versions of the operating system are to receive the biggest software update the world has ever seen.
A woman who admitted poisoning her baby with a drug which caused strong contractions has been jailed for five years.
England beat West Indies by seven wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Olympic heptathlon champion Kate Sotherton has called for world records to be "scrapped".
Three hospitals in Bristol have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS over the past two weeks.
David Cameron has said the UK has not changed its policy towards China and Tibet despite reports that he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister's late strike earned Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot.
A number of cars have been vandalised in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
At least four people have been killed in floods and landslides in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW), officials say.
The idea of a space suit being worn inside a space capsule is a dream come true for many people.
Italian police say they have arrested dozens of people suspected of running a mafia-linked immigration centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of the murder of his estranged wife after posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Rhys Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
The number of private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a tax case against telecoms giant Vodafone.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer left Manchester United at the end of last season to take up a coaching role at Norwegian club Molde, it was widely seen as a turning point in his career.
Asian shares fell on Friday after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate for the first time since 2008.
A report into the Casement Park stadium project has recommended that a mediator be used to resolve issues raised by the project.
A free bike rental scheme in Dumfries has been cancelled.
Tributes have been paid to Worcester football fan Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
The son of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has accused Malaysia of trying to blackmail him over the death of his half-brother.
Two teenagers have been given detention after a vicar was robbed at knifepoint.
Scotland scrum-half Joe Hamilton has retired from international rugby after nine years with Partick Thistle.
Britain's Chris Lewis won the men's 4x400m relay at the Commonwealth Games as his compatriot David Cutts failed to clear the bar.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has erased references to Harambe from its Twitter account in the wake of the gorilla's death.
China's economic growth slowed to 6.8% in 2015 from 6.9% in 2014, according to official figures, the slowest pace since the global financial crisis.
Scientists have developed a new type of battery that can be charged and discharged using the same material as a lithium-ion battery.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is "very, very confident" the club will win the Premier League this season.
The first woman to be elected bishop of the Church of England has been nominated by the Church's governing body, the General Synod.
Oldham Athletic moved up to second in the Championship table with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Swindon Town have denied reports that they have made an off-field enquiry into the club's player of the match for Saturday's defeat by Mansfield Town.
The brother of a woman who died after being stabbed in a Dundee street has been charged with her murder.
The Royal Mail has said it is "delighted" that it has painted gold medal-winning rowing postboxes in Henley-on-Thames.
England's hopes of winning the second Test against Bangladesh were dealt a blow on the final day of the first Test in Dhaka.
Cardiff bus drivers have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
A procession and party will be held to mark the 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US is committed to defending its allies from attack.
Plans to prevent flooding in upland areas of the UK have been criticised by conservationists.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's La Liga match with Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in the Borders.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected Chinese economic data.
Police in the northern Indian state of Gujarat have arrested eight men accused of taking poison to protest against the slaughter of cows, officials say.
Former Labour Party leader Paul Gascoigne and ex-TV presenter Chris Coogan have been awarded more than £100,000 in settlements over phone hacking.
Scientists have recreated the way butterflies navigate across the length of Mexico using signals from the Sun.
The University of Warrington has unveiled its world's most powerful computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of the failed coup.
A World War Two fighter jet once owned by the Royal Air Force is being sold for £1,000 at auction.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been chosen after five attempts to become the authority's leader.
Surfers have been heading to Portugal for the first time since a powerful storm hit the UK on Tuesday.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final warm-up game before Euro 2016.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to the season.
Belfast-based micro-business firm Micro Focus is facing a shortage of local graduates to fill jobs in Northern Ireland.
Work has begun on the world's largest radioactive shield to protect the damaged Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
The investigation into a crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome was knocked off his bike by a car has been closed.
From April 2015, Northern Ireland's local councils will be able to make a wide range of decisions about development.
A former textile mill in West Yorkshire has been gutted in a suspected arson attack.
Cambridgeshire's council has said it has no concerns about the weight of bunting used to decorate the routes of the Tour de France and the Cambridge stage.
A 94-year-old Indian temple official has said that allowing women into the sanctum of a Hindu shrine would increase the risk of rape.
A woman accused of child sex abuse in Sheffield has told a court her daughter became "horrible".
A father has described the moment he found his newborn daughter's body in a bus stop.
The Border Agency has questioned staff at a curry house run by the UKIP candidate for the party's leadership over their immigration status.
An Australian Antarctic research vessel that ran aground in Horseshoe Harbour on Wednesday has been refloated and flown home.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht off the coast of Larne after the vessel's engine failed.
Two of the biggest US banks, Santander and Deutsche Bank, have been ordered to revise their financial plans after failing a series of tests.
A fund set up by the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has surpassed £10,000 in its first day of fundraising.
Online delivery firm Ocado has reported a record profit for the first time in its history, helped by a surge in sales.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says his side have "probably underachieved" in Euro 2016.
A group of AMs from the Welsh Government and the Irish Exporters Association have met to discuss the implications of Brexit.
An unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in County Down.
Teenager Sarah Adderley has won the Scottish National Squash Championships for a seventh time.
The former leader of the Scottish Labour Party, David Matheson, is to stand for re-election as a councillor in Strathclyde.
A police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province has been attacked by suspected militants, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers going directly into higher education has reached its highest ever level, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race will face new threats over the next hundred years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Gary Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
A Turkish woman applying for a job in Germany is more likely to be invited to interview than a woman in a headscarf, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says there is a "long way to go" in his bid to win the Chinese Grand Prix.
Thousands of Mexicans have taken part in a march in the capital, Mexico City, calling for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Police have arrested two teenagers in connection with disturbances at the Celtic v Aberdeen match at Hampden Park on Friday night.
A man who raped a woman more than 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
The proportion of people aged 25 and over who own their own home has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a report.
The family of a soldier who died at a Surrey barracks more than 20 years ago have applied for a fresh inquest into his death.
It has been a turbulent year for the family of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew.
Three Dundee students have created a "silent bag" to deter people from spending money on a credit card.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a boarding school.
Harlequins have signed fly-half George Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps for next season.
Worcestershire and Kent have been unable to play on the first day of their County Championship Division Two match because of a frozen outfield.
A passenger ship has caught fire in the Balearic Islands port of Palma de Mallorca.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have made a fresh appeal for information.
A frozen meat firm has been fined £15,000 after failing to record when it was first frozen.
Robert Godin was working in a supermarket at the time of the "Obamacare" health insurance scandal.
A £1m lottery prize has been awarded to a mystery ticket holder.
The French honorary consul for the Turkish island of Bodrum has denied selling supplies to migrants trying to reach Europe.
Iain Coburn, the leader of the UK Independence Party, has said he would do his best to lead the party.
Eddie Redmayne is to play a trans woman in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock 4-3 first-round defeat by Gary Holt in the Welsh Open.
Passengers on the London Underground are being encouraged to wear badges to alert fellow passengers of their drug or alcohol problems.
Two Featherstone Rovers players have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
The authorities in Nigeria's capital, Lagos, have ordered the closure of a number of mosques in a bid to reduce noise levels.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Scottish League Two play-off final.
In our series of letters from the BBC, Health Secretary Nick Clegg looks at why so many people are not getting end-of-life care.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised a further £22.2m through a share issue.
The Indian state of Kashmir has banned the extravagant wedding of brides and grooms.
Adrian Gill, the editor of the Sunday Times, has died at the age of 74.
Manchester City have appointed Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has never been one to shy away from talking about the migrant crisis.
Archaeologists have uncovered new evidence that Galloway may have been the heartland of the lost Dark Age kingdom of Rheged.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey share the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Omar's dream of playing for Annan Athletic in the Scottish League Cup has come true.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% next year, according to a survey.
A paramedic has said he has been left "fragile" after his ambulance company was stripped of its contract.
Lyon Ladies have signed United States striker Morgan on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's Katie Cheshire missed out on a place in the final of the World Ski Slopestyle Championships in Sierra Nevada, Nevada.
Flyweight Katie Adams has called for the WBC to allow women's bouts to be extended to three-minute rounds.
La Liga leaders Sevilla were held to a goalless draw by Ukrainian side FC Lviv in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final.
The UK Secretary of State for Europe, David Breedlove, has said Russia's military presence in Crimea will have an "unprecedented impact" on the Black Sea.
It's that time of year when you're just a few years old.
Ludwig the dog has become a household name in Wiltshire.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "playing fast and loose" with the political process in Northern Ireland.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to retire following a damning report into the force's handling of child abuse in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales has risen at an "alarming rate", according to a charity.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Lukasz Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operator of the LINK network of free-to-use cash machines in the UK is to hold talks with banks to try to resolve a dispute over fees.
Saudi Arabia paid Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak $681m (Â£681m) in order to help him win the 2013 election, a Saudi source has told the BBC.
Tony Eubank Jr will defend his IBF world middleweight title against Michael Doran in London on Saturday after the death of his father, former champion Billy Blackwell.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 life jackets in a raid on a workshop in the north-eastern city of Izmir.
A football fan has been given a suspended football ban after he entered the pitch during a match at Southend United.
Chris and Gabby Adcock have won their third successive English National Team Championships.
Sheffield United came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move up to second in League One.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Poland beat Romania 3-0 in their opening World Cup qualifier in Armenia.
A school in Adelaide, Australia, has won a prize to design a new national park.
All crew on the Northern Isles freight boats are to be paid at least the minimum wage, the government has announced.
Ospreys fly-half George Ford will be available for Saturday's Pro12 game against the Scarlets at Kingspan Stadium.
Jockey David Ackerman has been banned for eight years after being found guilty of betting on a race at Kempton and Wolverhampton.
Nato has formally launched its new mission in Afghanistan, ending a decade-long conflict with the Taliban.
A member of Germany's far-right opposition party has been seriously injured in a car crash, state media report.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
The first minister has warned the UK government not to listen to other administrations as it prepares to begin the process of leaving the European Union.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been appointed as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new chief executive.
The family of a man who died when his car was crushed by a speeding driver have called for tougher penalties for drivers who kill.
Two sheep have been found safe and well in a house in Londonderry.
Greece's ruling Syriza party has announced a series of reforms aimed at stabilising the country's finances.
Gloucester Prison is set to be redeveloped into a hotel and restaurant.
Favourite DJ Fern Britton has announced her retirement from BBC Radio 1 after 10 years.
Bath fly-half Tom Watson has been charged with unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham eased to victory over Woking.
Archaeologists in China have discovered ancient dice from a tomb built to bury rich Chinese people.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have signed for the club if they had not been knocked out of European competition this summer.
China's inflation rate fell for a third month in a row in September, as manufacturers cut prices to win business, official figures show.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is disappointed that defender Jazz Richards has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A device designed to slow down a Virgin Galactic spaceship has crashed during a test run.
The Iraqi government has declared victory in the battle for Mosul, the last city in the country to be held by the Islamic State group.
Pesticide exposure is damaging the brains of honey bees, a study suggests.
The Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research in Belfast is to receive more than £1m in funding.
Egypt's antiquities ministry says it has identified thermal anomalies at the top of the pyramids of Khufu and Menkaure, which were built in the 4th Dynasty.
A cordon has been put up around a quarry after a suspected unexploded World War Two bomb was found.
A man has been arrested in connection with the kidnap of British model Sophie Ayling.
Prank TV shows are becoming increasingly popular in the Arab world, with celebrities being tricked into believing they have been arrested during the holy month of Ramadan.
General Motors is investing $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in a plant in the Canadian province of Ontario to boost its car production.
Tributes have been paid to former Toronto mayor Rob Ford, who has died.
A fox cub has been rescued from a locked car after its legs got stuck in the engine bay.
The Scots accent is flourishing, according to a new study.
A £10m fundraising campaign has been launched to save a Grade II listed cathedral from demolition.
It is not every day that a woman is paid the same as a man.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Wednesday, despite strong earnings reports from Tiffany's and Adobe.
Unpaid internships should be banned in England and Wales, MPs have said.
The Scottish government has announced a £2.2m funding boost for the offshore wind industry.
A pregnant woman was caught with 12 people concealed amongst tyres in a van she was travelling in, a court has heard.
Cuba is one of the world's most stable and stable Communist countries.
Alastair Cook is one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says England captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot three times in the leg with an airgun.
A rainbow flag has been flown across the grounds of Stormont House in the Republic of Ireland.
A Labour MEP has been appointed as the European Parliament's new chief executive.
Hackers who claim to have stolen a script for Game of Thrones have published it online, according to Entertainment Weekly.
Police are investigating allegations of misconduct by staff at Kids Company, an inner-city children's charity in Birmingham.
Morgan Freeman is to be honoured by the American Film Institute (AFI) with a lifetime achievement award.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been left with a capital buffer of just over 8% in the latest European banking stress tests.
The Isle of Wight's chain ferry service is to be changed to allow passengers and vehicles to board and disembark at the same time.
Leeds Rhinos have signed Wakefield Trinity Wildcats full-back Ben Simon on a two-year deal.
Family lawyers have expressed concern about a new form asking you to name the person your spouse has committed adultery with.
An endangered bird of prey has returned to a Scottish nature reserve.
Do you think you are not good enough?
The Russian ambassador to the US has said Jews in New York gave Donald Trump twice the amount of money during the election campaign.
London Underground has apologised after a fire at Oxford Circus station left four people with smoke inhalation.
Egyptian police and intelligence officers are carrying out a "cynical political strategy" aimed at silencing opposition, the Human Rights Watch says.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "firing up again" to win the Scottish Premiership for the sixth time this season.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
A TV show in which Derren Brown asphyxiated himself was broadcast before the watershed, it has been found.
Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 50m breaststroke to win the 200m individual medley at the Rio Olympics.
A network of paedophiles who preyed on vulnerable children has been uncovered by UK police.
A Chinese man has been living in a capsule on Mars for more than a decade.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a series of bomb attacks in Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed James Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of two Libyan journalists have been found in eastern Libya, the government says.
Paralympic gold medallist Sarah Lucas won her second gold medal of the Rio Paralympics with victory in the World Para-cycling Championships in Bermuda.
The cost of scrapping tuition fees and setting up a new Office for Students would rise by 2.5p to £50,000, says Education Secretary Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to an Indian naval officer convicted of spying for Pakistan.
At least 48 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been taken to hospital after being assaulted at a house in Londonderry.
More than 1,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting in the UK in the past year, the RSPCA has said.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar charged with inciting violence against students in Yangon.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for allowing a female governor to sit in the main meeting room.
A man who raped and sexually abused a young girl has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge's unbeaten start to the League Two season continued as they were beaten 2-1 by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possession of a firearm.
Cardiff City striker Rhys Jones is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering another injury setback.
Teachers in England and Wales must be given a 1% pay rise by the government to cope with a rapid rise in pupil numbers, six teachers' unions have said.
Drilling for shale gas in Lancashire has been suspended after an earthquake in April.
Four paintings by Michelangelo Caravaggio have gone on display at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-factor authentication system to prevent cyber-thieves accessing users' iCloud accounts.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed by Syrian government artillery, is suing President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed and his brother was left with "life-changing injuries" after being attacked by a family dog, an inquest has heard.
Scottish government funding for sport and physical activity is to be cut by 20% by the end of next year.
Pregnant women who are overweight or obese are more likely to suffer heart disease and type 2 diabetes later in life, a study suggests.
A collection of weapons dating back 3,000 years has been found on the Isle of Coll.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was attacked on a train between Glasgow Central and Neilston.
A British teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of possessing and sharing sexually explicit images of underage girls.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the highest-paid artists of all time.
Brazilian footballer Pele has sold his winner's medal from the 1966 World Cup in Brazil for more than £500,000.
Indonesia's president has summoned Australia's ambassador for questioning over allegations that his government eavesdropped on his phone in 2009.
Activists in Syria say they have seen a video which appears to show rebels killing at least 70 government soldiers and rebels.
Organic farming boosts the biodiversity of wild plants, according to a new study.
Thousands of music industry managers have signed a letter calling for a review of the resale of secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government has announced that it will raise its bank levy by 0.088% from January.
A sharp sell-off in US and European bonds has been caused by the election of Donald Trump as US president.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter of the year, helped by the launch of new fresh food ranges.
A motorist has been caught speeding while trying to find Sam Smith's song on You tube.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed that her eyesight is failing to recover.
A farmer has described the moment his tractor was stuck in a muck heap.
A total solar eclipse has been observed across much of the world.
Proposals for universal basic income in Wales are "far too expensive", a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher has said.
Two hospitals in north Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the health board following an outbreak of a superbug.
It's been a good year for the Welsh Conservatives.
The former Trawsfynydd nuclear plant in Conwy county could be used as a site for a new reactor.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed David Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A campaign is calling for medical cannabis to be legalised in the UK.
Tunisians have voted to elect a new president after a series of attacks in the capital Tunis.
Partick Thistle have signed Dundee United midfielder Ryan Erskine for an undisclosed fee.
Tax experts from the Big Four accountancy firms have defended their advice on tax avoidance.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer in Scotland may be even greater than initially thought, according to new research.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says it was "probably fate" he was appointed Aston Villa manager in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a German Jewish man who says he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
There are too many Scottish small businesses lacking basic digital skills, according to a new report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected data from the US services sector.
A 22-year-old man has been jailed for five years for raping a 16-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg will be banned from racing for the rest of the season if they fail to follow new team rules.
Russian authorities have blocked more than 100 porn sites, saying they "spread pornography".
The birthplace of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named among the top 10 most endangered historic buildings in England.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new prime minister.
France's far-right National Front (FN) party leader Marine Le Pen is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Jamie Francis says he is relieved to be retained in Wales' Six Nations squad despite their recent loss to England.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men who broke into a bank in Flintshire.
The future of a vulnerable railway line in Devon could be at risk by 2040, according to a new study.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers who were hit by cracks in the sea wall between Dover and St Pancras during Storm Desmond.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Glastonbury to celebrate the festival's 70th anniversary.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has written to the presiding officer of the Welsh Assembly to warn of the dangers of "aggressive" debate on Brexit.
I am writing this blog as a freelance journalist for the BBC.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
When Victoria Barker was told she had Down's syndrome, she was shocked.
A "zombified" father has sold a "green albatross" of a pushchair for more than £150,000 on eBay.
A former Rabobank trader has pleaded guilty to rigging key interest rates.
Hull FC have signed hooker Joe Arundel from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England have been described as a "good aspiration" by a leading health charity.
Helen Jenkins has shown she has "potential" to medal at the 2016 Olympics by winning the World Triathlon Series in Australia, says former world champion Laura Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to investigate the sale of Northern Ireland assets by the Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency (Nama).
American entrepreneur Tim Allen has launched a private space venture.
A wildlife charity has lost a legal challenge against the Scottish government's approval of three offshore wind farms.
A man who admitted raping two girls in Fife has been told he is fit to be discharged from hospital.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
South Sudan's civil war has been described as "ethnic cleansing" by the United Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can end the season on a high after beating Rangers 3-0 at Pittodrie.
A mascot for a Derbyshire regiment has been promoted to corporal.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a raid on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, officials say.
The word "binge-watch" has been named as the word of the year by the Collins Dictionary of English.
Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned as coach of Brazil after the team were knocked out of the World Cup.
Patients in England are being priced out of the market for some generic cancer drugs, according to a study by UK researchers.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has failed to win the $5m (Â£3.2m) Nobel Peace Prize, which is awarded to the country's most successful leader.
A yellow "be aware" warning for strong south to southwesterly winds has been issued for parts of Scotland for Friday and Saturday.
Olivier award-winning actress Michelle Terry is to take over as the actor-manager of Shakespeare's Globe.
A man has been reported missing along with his two-year-old daughter in Cardiff.
It's not every day you see a pop star wearing a pair of ballet flats in a photo shoot.
A Banksy mural thought to have been stolen is to go on display for the first time in more than a year.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese city of Macau have fallen sharply in the three months to September, according to official figures.
Indian writers have returned their awards to the Sahitya Akademi, the country's literary council.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of an Oxfordshire college.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of former Wales captain Mark Warburton, police have said.
Britain's Adam Yates won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine to move up to third overall in the race.
England midfielder James Milner has announced his retirement from international football.
Arsenal were held to a goalless draw by Hull City in the FA Cup second round at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement case against Samsung, accusing it of infringing some of its technology.
Saif al-Arab, the son of former Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi, was a well-known figure in the regime.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a 15-year-old girl was found in his car.
The Scottish government has said it remains "confident" that a final deal on new tax and welfare powers will be reached by the end of the week.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said there has been an "increase of militarisation" in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has said David Cameron has been forced to pull his English votes for English laws plans because he is "not master of all he surveys in the House of Commons".
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking for an inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire to be completed within a year.
Ospreys have signed former Northampton Saints and Sale Sharks prop Brian Mujati.
A British man who went missing while climbing a mountain in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his girlfriend has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial service for Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson, who died at the age of 91.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that giant panda Tian Tian may give birth at the end of the month.
The RSPB has launched a campaign to get the robin recognised as the nation's official bird.
Austrian police say they have arrested a lookalike who has been photographed outside the birthplace of Adolf Hitler.
A man has died after being stabbed at a house in South Yorkshire.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Joe Root is the "obvious candidate" to become England's new Test captain, says wicket-taker James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that it would allow internet services to be upgraded to faster speeds in May, internet users took to social media to express their outrage.
Jordy Gray's late penalty gave Burnley victory over Blackburn and moved them up to second in the Championship table.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create up to 11,000 jobs at its Solihull plant in the UK.
Corey Whitely's first-half strike earned Dagenham a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool.
A 21-year-old man has been stabbed to death at a bar in south London.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have been shortlisted for the UK's tree of the year competition.
A pensioner and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Gwynedd.
More than 100 jobs are to go at a Kerry Foods factory in Londonderry.
Jellyfish have been spotted on Anglesey, prompting a warning to swimmers to avoid touching them.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by a man and his girlfriend who "set about trying to cover up the truth", a court has heard.
The Duke of Edinburgh has given birth to his first child.
Ospreys wing Joe Thornton says he is relishing the prospect of making his Wales debut against Samoa on Friday.
Durham County Council has said it will take legal action against the county's planning inspector after he refused to reopen an examination of its plans.
The UK Border Agency must do more to deal with more than 150,000 migrants who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the government's immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as the world's most influential woman.
A man has been found guilty of stealing sheep from a Pembrokeshire farm after DNA tests revealed they were the offspring of his rams.
A new exhibition has opened in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the artist William Blake.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has been rated as a "threat to global security" by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has confirmed that it is in talks with Deutsche Boerse to merge its London and Frankfurt offices.
Imagine being whacked on your back with oak bunches.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service.
Australian Airlines chief executive Alan Joyce has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for a vote on same-sex marriage.
Serie A leaders Manchester United were held to a goalless draw by Hull City in the Premier League.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's world record of 68th pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and her daughter Shannon have been living in their home in Manchester for the past five years.
A Labour councillor has said she is being investigated by police over a "hate campaign" against her.
St Johnstone came from behind to draw with Rangers and move up to second in the Scottish Premiership.
When it comes to losing a presidential race, it's easy to pick the winners and the losers.
A man who was shot dead by police has been named by the police watchdog.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has "no idea" where he will end up next season.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale beat Wasps to move up to third in the Premiership.
Lewis Hamilton is the third man in Formula 1 history to win 50 races.
The Sri Lankan army says it is continuing its search for survivors of a mudslide that has killed at least 134 people.
Justin Gatlin set a new world record in the 200m as he ran the fastest time of his career in the United States.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cut-backs in the use of customised "rest chambers" on a European flight after media reports of the expense.
India's security forces have been accused of violating human rights in Indian-administered Kashmir by Amnesty International.
The sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his former lover will be streamed live on Twitter, the Lord Advocate has confirmed.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to a family in the US after falsely claiming they had links to al-Qaeda.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the toymaker refused to sell its products to him.
Miranda Miranda has opened her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie.
The number of homeless people in Northampton has risen by more than 50% in the past three years, a report has found.
Mikheil Saakashvili, the former prime minister of Georgia, has been elected president of the country for the first time.
A charity has warned of a "crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in Scotland.
West Ham reached the Europa League play-off round for the first time in their history with a 3-2 win over Juventus in the first game at Upton Park.
At least 19 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Sixteen sailors have been named in the British Rowing Federation's reserves for the World Cup in Florida.
Wales internationals Samson Lee, Sam Warburton and Hallam Amos have signed new dual contracts with the Welsh region.
Aston Villa have signed former England captain Chris Coleman on a two-year deal.
When Theresa May announced that the UK would leave the European Union in June 2016, she said it would be "very difficult" to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the EU.
The sounds of Africanised honey bees could be used to help scientists identify which plants make the most honey.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time in their history with a 3-2 win over League One side Oldham.
The botched West Coast rail franchise could cost the taxpayer up to £8.9m over the next three years, MPs have said.
The Nobel Prize for Chemistry is one of the most prestigious scientific awards in the world.
Former world champion Gary Lines has become the first British player to win a World Championship after beating former world champion Paul Hendry.
The debate over the future of the BBC in Scotland is not just about the independence referendum.
Taxpayers should be given the right to raise additional funds for the NHS and social care if they choose, Liberal Democrat leader Norman Lamb has said.
Gary Ferguson admits Clyde must win at Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of making the Scottish Premiership play-offs.
If you want to know what the future holds for a nation on the edge of the European Union, you might have to go to Greece.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire that crashed in County Monaghan more than 40 years ago have been uncovered.
Parents have claimed they are being "punished" for living in a rural area where their children cannot walk to the bus stop.
A mass has been held in Glasgow to remember the victims of the earthquake in Italy.
It's been a turbulent year for Australia's prime minister.
Ferrari's Lewis Hamilton edged Mercedes team-mate Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged with fraud after more than £100,000 worth of tickets were sold at the Notting Hill Carnival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time since the city was handed over to the mainland in 1997.
A rapper has taken to the streets of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu to protest against the appointment of a new chief minister.
Police in China have arrested 11 people in connection with a landslide at a landfill in Shenzhen.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, according to a leading environmental group.
A US judge has acquitted a police officer of manslaughter over the deaths of two black teenagers in Cleveland.
Russia has condemned a series of bomb attacks in Syria that left at least 120 people dead.
The first-past-the-post system for Championship play-offs has been scrapped, with Championship sides automatically promoted to the Premiership.
The cost of recycling household waste has dropped by more than £400,000 in the past year, it has emerged.
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, is getting under way.
A knife has been found in the grounds of a Dumfries and Galloway school, police have said.
The first round of the UK Championship takes place in York on Thursday.
Red Bull's hopes of winning the Australian Grand Prix were dashed as they finished third in the championship.
Scotland's independence referendum is due to take place on 8 June.
A campaign has been launched to promote Perth's reputation as a "beautiful city" after years of "city-centre decay".
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the chance to play for England again.
The funeral of Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer Ronan Kerr is taking place in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's most senior solicitor general.
A ferry has crashed into a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Liberal Democrat MP Liz Black has been named the UK's Young Person of the Year by National Magazine.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the law on assisted dying in England and Wales.
Porto reached the Champions League semi-finals with a comfortable win over Bayern Munich in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
Tottenham Hotspur have reached a settlement with the family of a 15-year-old boy who suffered a heart attack 11 years ago.
Actress Keira Knightley is to star in a new stage adaptation of Tolstoy's classic novel.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to retire.
A 10-year-old boy in Canada has written an apology to a library after a page fell out of his bunk.
Northern Ireland's Paul Waites says he will return to action after recovering from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship for the first time.
Newport Gwent Dragons full-back Michael Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Ladies have completed the signing of Germany international Anna Linden from German club Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been told to respond to an MP's request for him to attend a meeting at the House of Commons.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has dismissed claims that his players have been "like monks" during the World Cup.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move up to second in the Scottish Premiership.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after reaching the Champions League quarter-finals.
Three people have been killed in a rollercoaster accident at Dreamworld theme park in Australia's capital, Canberra.
A Dundee man has admitted possessing drugs with a street value of more than £263,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A gang member has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in Kent.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for markets in Asia.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution in Hertfordshire have been jailed.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in Bedfordshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has paid tribute to her "tremendous son" who was "always willing to help everyone".
Salford Red Devils scrum-half George North has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build a circuit around a Vale of Glamorgan golf course has heard it would be a "net gain" for biodiversity.
Garry Thompson scored the only goal of the game as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham.
The number of suicides under the care of crisis teams in mental health units in the UK has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Ulster won the Ulster Women's Cup for the first time in their history with a 4-13 to 1-13 victory over Connacht in the final at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs have been asked to "increase" the amount of food waste disposal at Holyrood after complaints about the quality of their coffee.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cancel operations until after Christmas, according to the chief medical officer of the Royal College of Surgeons.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's most prosperous countries.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat drifted off the coast of Lough Swilly.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be favourites to win the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people trying to sell a rare snake for $1,500 (Â£1,100).
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has arrived in the capital, Brasilia, after being impeached by the lower house of Congress for manipulating the budget.
Barry Boyle scored the only goal of the game as Derry City eased to a 2-0 win over Wexford in the Irish Premiership.
A mountain rescue charity has called for "serious consideration" over the way it dealt with the number of callouts to Crib Goch.
Paris St-Germain have signed Neymar from Barcelona for £198m.
Celtic's January transfer window was dominated by the signing of Fulham's 18-year-old Turkish winger Omer Turk and Celtic's £1.5m signing of Danish defender Midtjylland.
Torrent-sharing site The Pirate Bay has been hit by a DDoS attack.
A robotic arm that can operate on objects as fragile as an egg is to be given a £2,000 (£1,000) UK engineering prize.
Francois Fillon is the frontrunner in France's presidential election.
A hospital's accident and emergency department could be moved to Shrewsbury under new NHS plans.
Scott Brown is a "big part of my career", according to Scotland coach Gordon Strachan.
EDF has formally signed a contract with the UK government to build the Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset.
The number of people contacting a service charity to ask for help from the Army has risen in the past year, the charity has said.
A former Met Police detective has been jailed for five years for making and possessing indecent images of children.
Is it time for a coup to be staged in the Labour Party?
World number one Mark Selby's hopes of reaching the World Championship semi-finals suffered a blow as he was beaten 13-11 by Fu Junhui in the quarter-finals.
Scotland midfielder Charlotte Evans says reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation".
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at a Catholic school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he would be a "huge disappointment" if some of his players did not leave the club at the end of the season.
Nepal's government is considering limiting the number of people allowed to climb Mount Everest, the world's highest mountain.
The family of a man who died in a crash on the M4 in October have called for a new driving licence to be introduced.
A former US swimmer has been released from jail in the US state of Ohio after serving a six-year sentence for sexually assaulting a student.
Plans to protect the coastal line between Devon and Cornwall have been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has installed a porcelain urinal in a public toilet.
The centenary of the death of a US airman is to be celebrated at the Scottish National College of Art (SMO).
The rollout of superfast broadband in parts of Scotland has been criticised by BT.
Education Secretary Carwyn Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be the worst performing nation in the UK by 2021.
Three people have been arrested in India over the TalkTalk data breach, the company has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of killing two police officers in the US state of Iowa.
The Scottish government has increased the number of student teacher places in Scotland by more than £50m.
George Lawrie says he is relishing the prospect of playing in Europe's Ryder Cup against the United States.
The Unison union has said it will nominate Jeremy Corbyn as its candidate in the Labour Party leadership contest.
American Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after two rounds of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Jamie Heaslip is set to return to action for Ireland in Saturday's Six Nations match against Wales at Twickenham.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council has been suspended following allegations of failings in safeguarding procedures.
Netflix has become the first video streaming service to expand beyond the US.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have announced the departure of manager John Hughes.
There is a sense of calm in the Greek capital, Athens, as if a new bailout deal has finally been agreed.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service has said.
Golfers can live longer than non-golfers, according to a new study.
Catalans Dragons have announced the retirement of former New South Wales international Tom Mason after a season with the Catalans Dragons.
(Close): Shares in Burberry led the FTSE 100 higher after a number of broker downgrades.
Muslim Match, a dating website for married Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's Vice-President, accusing him of being in the pay of a convicted drug lord.
A man has been stabbed in the leg in west Belfast.
An award-winning novel about World War Two has gone on sale in the US.
Tanzania's President Joseph Kikwete has dismissed a government minister accused of defrauding the government of $1m (Â£1m).
She had come prepared to say sorry, time and again.
JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay $13bn (£11bn) to settle civil and criminal charges over the sale of mortgage-backed securities during the financial crisis, reports say.
Welsh cyclist Becky James will be fit to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, according to her coach Chris Sutton.
South Korea's Samsung Galaxy Team has won the League of Legends (LoL) title for the first time.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored his first goal for Sheffield United as they beat League One strugglers Bury.
A 19-year-old man has been discharged from hospital after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
All pictures are copyrighted. All pictures subject to copyright.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with the Paris attacks, French prosecutors say.
Great Britain's Katie Tutton won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Swimming Championships in London.
Minister Mary McLeod has said crofters could be offered loans to help them get on the housing ladder.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to walk away from the club.
The pound has fallen sharply against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years.
Scientists say they have found a way to explain the abundance of volatile carbon in the mantle and biosphere of Earth.
Asian shares were mostly higher on Friday, boosted by gains in the US and Japan.
The FBI is seeking access to a phone belonging to San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Ayr United's new badge has been unveiled after a vote by the club's fans.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff.
A British national has been killed in Iraq by the so-called Islamic State (Isis) group, police have confirmed.
Five Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the Super League club.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being forced into his bedroom told his mother he felt "unsafe" in school, an inquest has heard.
A man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been granted a variation in his bail conditions.
A new £2.5m research centre has been set up to improve the way people are treated with wounds.
On Thursday night President Donald Trump appeared to shift his focus from Syria to the United States.
Craig Foderingham says it is "disappointing" that Rangers midfielder Scott Sinclair has been banned from the club's training camp.
A doctor in Minnesota called police when Prince was found unresponsive at his Paisley Park home, his lawyer has said.
Edinburgh's Twelve Closes are to be transformed into a new route linking the city's Old Town and the Royal Mile.
Belgium's parliament has voted to ban full face veils in public places, in a move that critics say is discriminatory.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland captain Paul O'Connell has been appointed as Munster's new director of rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has left the party to join the Lib Dems, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The number of coca plantations in Colombia has risen by almost 50% in the past year, according to a new report by the United Nations.
When you think of winger Oliver Burke, you might think of the diminutive Welshman who has been named in the Scotland squad for Euro 2016.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic taekwondo gold medallist Lamine Cisse says he has become a national symbol for the Ivorian nation.
Southern rail passengers face further disruption after a second strike by guards on the Southern rail network.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the Portuguese state of Porto, officials say.
Cristian is growing his own cannabis plants in a park in Montevideo.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte has been auctioned for charity.
A major North Sea oil platform has been shut down after an oil leak.
Two British men who were arrested in Dubai on suspicion of spying for the United Arab Emirates are due to appear in court.
Den Haag have completed the signing of Norway international Christian Johnsen from Hearts on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Two young people have been recruited to a monastic order in Monmouthshire.
It is almost time for Louis van Gaal to get back to the top of the Premier League.
When you think of threats facing the armed forces, it's easy to think of Russia and the Islamic State.
Wales' men's hockey team lost to Scotland in the semi-finals of the EuroHockey A Division.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the "top drawer" qualities of back-row forward Jack Woodburn.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola will face Manchester City in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has hailed the government's decision to remove the highest denomination currency, the rupee, from circulation.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Paul Casey shot a three-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Race to Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended its litter enforcement officers after a BBC Panorama programme revealed people were wrongly fined for littering.
The pound has fallen sharply against the dollar after a closely watched survey suggested a rise in UK services activity.
Hundreds of police officers have been injured in rioting and disorder across London over the past two nights.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has risen by more than 5% in the past five years, figures have shown.
England's chances of reaching the quarter-finals of a major tournament are very slim.
The Undercover Inquiry will not be forced to reveal details of undercover operations unless it is necessary in the "countervailing public interest of the protection of individuals from harm and/or effective policing", says a judge.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to review video footage of an on-field fight between two Keighley Cougars players in the Challenge Cup fourth round.
US actress Shirley Temple Black has died at the age of 95.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall midfielder Abdou for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer.
A Porto player has been banned for four years for an attack on a referee in an amateur football match.
Sir Andrew Gormley is celebrating his 70th birthday at the Royal Albert Hall.
The body of a man has been found in a wheelie bin outside a block of flats, police have said.
Victims of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham have been left unprotected and at risk of further offending, a watchdog has said.
Gillingham manager Paul Brown has appealed against the red card shown to him in the 2-2 draw with Southend.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders to mark the start of a new school year.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
Cameroon midfielder Victor Assou-Ekotto has signed a new two-year contract with St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in what he has described as a major reform of the country.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrading his Nkandla residence.
The body of a third man has been recovered from the site of the collapsed Rotherham Power Station.
A Pembrokeshire teacher who sent sexually inappropriate messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
A baby chick has hatched at the Loch of the Lowes National Wildlife Reserve in Perthshire.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in County Tyrone.
A care home run by Cornwall Care has been rated inadequate by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Donald Trump has made a number of controversial statements in his first 100 days in office.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary in Dorset are searching a river in a bid to recover the weapon.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London.
Welsh Premiership side Newport Gwent Dragons have been taken over by a US-based company.
A former care worker has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a Sussex boarding school.
Senior school leaders in England are to be offered free seminars on how to prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has said North Korea's recent missile test is "outrageous" and should be stopped.
Actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the new Star Wars film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United have confirmed they are close to signing three players in the January transfer window.
A historic railway bridge has been uncovered for the first time in more than 100 years.
The UK has recorded its hottest temperature ever recorded in the UK, with temperatures reaching 36.7C (98F) in London.
The death of German pilot Andreas Lubitz has raised questions about what drove him to take his own life.
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons.
Scientists have discovered what they say is a key clue to the discovery of asteroid material.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a " rotten deal" from the European Union.
Dai Donald and Aneurin Lloyd both hit maiden first-class centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man in west London have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to play a musical instrument?
Pop star Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke has never been one to give up on a project.
An Oxfordshire secondary school could close with the loss of more than 100 jobs, the education watchdog has said.
The government says it is doing more to encourage more women to apply for jobs in its intelligence agencies.
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire has been awarded a knighthood by the Mayor of Doncaster.
Shrewsbury Town have completed the signing of Motherwell defender Ryan Jules on loan until the end of the season.
The European Commission has blocked the planned merger of O2 and CK Hutchison.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a comfortable win over Peterborough.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Scientists are working to better understand the effects of solar flares and geomagnetic storms.
Bath have signed Leicester Tigers second-row forwards Geoff Parling and Olly Woodburn on two-year deals.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 lower, with Antofagasta leading the way.
A charity auction for a lunch with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $100,000 (Â£65,000).
Victor Traore has withdrawn from Guinea's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Swaziland.
Cape Verde's hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia.
An Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire has been put up for sale.
Train and bus staff could be trained to stop people taking their own lives, the Samaritans has said.
Susie Wolff will drive for Williams for the first time in 2015, the team have confirmed.
Nottingham Forest have signed Bristol Rovers striker Josh Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden in memory of their mother at Kensington Palace.
Police in Spain say they have foiled a van attack in the Spanish city of Barcelona.
Work to build a new roundabout on the A55 in Wrexham has been delayed until the end of the year.
Phil Taylor reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time with a comfortable win over Kim Huybrechts of Belgium.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are being invited to take part in a project to unlock the secrets of their DNA.
Kilmarnock have signed Chris Crofts on loan from Brighton until the end of the season.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England made a winning start to their warm-up match against South Africa at Trent Bridge.
A helicopter which was forced to land on Snowdonia after a training exercise has been recovered, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has defended the Scottish government's funding deal with local authorities, saying it did not merit an increase in council tax bills.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in the Highlands for an estimated £1m.
On Monday morning, thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to watch the launch of the UK's most important science experiment.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician, officials say.
A cemetery in France has been closed to visitors because of a dispute over parking restrictions, a visitor has said.
The decision by London Mayor Boris Johnson to back David Cameron in the EU referendum has been hailed as a "historic moment" for the Conservative Party.
Ulster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A job seeker has said she is "furious" after being sent an e-mail suggesting she was a "home educated oddball".
The return of actor Jim Broadbent to the London stage of Dickens' Scrooge has received a mixed response from critics.
There has been a surge in the number of free period tracking apps on the market.
The parents of Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete convicted of murdering his girlfriend, have spoken of their "heartache" ahead of his sentencing.
Salford Red Devils have released Josh Chase and Chris Hansen, while Josh Fages and Chris Paterson are set to leave the Super League club.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his best route to securing Champions League qualification.
Dame Judi Dench is to donate Â£1m to the Surrey Wildlife Trust to help rebuild a school in Surrey.
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Patients at hundreds of GP surgeries in England face long waits to see their doctor, the Conservatives have said.
American Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" after finishing third at the PGA Championship.
Five men who blew up cash machines in a Liverpool restaurant were justified in firing shots at them, a police watchdog has said.
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads rose by more than 20% in a year, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United have confirmed the signing of Northern Ireland Under-20 international defender Ryan McNair for the Milk Cup in the Republic of Ireland.
An accident and emergency unit at a Wrexham hospital has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The man accused of shooting dead five people at a Florida airport has appeared in court in the US state of Florida.
A man accused of planning to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he was "ashamed" of seeing child pornography.
New Zealand and New Zealand have agreed to designate the Ross Sea as a marine protection area (MPA).
A record number of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of lights.
Jackie Collins, the author of Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men, has died at the age of 84, her family has said.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of murdering her husband and three other boyfriends with cyanide.
A seven-year-old sturgeon has been rescued from a flooded fish centre.
Former West Indies captain Ben Simmons has been sacked as head coach after being found guilty of misconduct.
A drug dealer who went on the run after being released on parole has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing presenters Steve and Ola Jordan have spoken for the first time about the claims they were bullied on the show.
A comedy film about a man who has been diagnosed with depression is to be shot in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will have to rely on youth players to fill the void left by the injury crisis.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has described the explosion of a rocket that exploded in Florida as the "most difficult and complex failure in 14 years".
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two teenagers who were wrongly arrested by Metropolitan Police have been awarded more than £100,000 in damages.
The First Lady of Zimbabwe, Grace Mugabe, has been granted diplomatic immunity from South Africa, the government says.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage dancers to jail for performing a dance dance reminiscent of World War Two victory celebrations.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Ryan Webster and Middlesbrough defender Jack Clarke for undisclosed fees.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald says he does not believe Polish coaches are trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in Scotland.
Welsh 800m champion Katie Peake is targeting a personal best of 4.50m when she competes in Cardiff on Saturday.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a school in Peshawar this week, the question remains whether there was a foreign hand in the attack.
Old Mutual, the world's biggest mutual fund group, has announced plans to spin off its four main business units.
League One side Morecambe have signed former Preston North End midfielder Tom Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal.
China's environmental ministry has issued a series of "severe pollution" alerts for 10 cities across the country.
In the wake of recent high-profile cases of "morality police" being arrested in Saudi Arabia, BBC News looks at some of the reasons why such forces exist in other countries.
Wakefield reached the Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a convincing victory over Huddersfield Giants.
A car has ended up on top of a Volkswagen Golf after it was parked in a marked bays in Londonderry.
The latest X-Men film, The Imitation Game, has been named best film at the Empire Awards in London.
"It's like a dog in a dogfight," says Mark Barak, a geologist at a Texas oil company.
Supermarket chain Asda is to open a store where customers will be able to hear a pin drop as they make their way into the store.
When James Barrett was a child in the early 1980s, he was working as a dog breeder in Beirut.
Google's artificial intelligence system has mastered a wide range of video games.
Aston Villa have appointed Chinese businessman Dr Xia Jie as their new chief executive.
The French ambassador to Brazil has said that the country's security forces were warned of a terrorist attack during the Rio Olympics.
Lee Swanson has signed a new two-year contract with St Johnstone, with the option of a further year.
The EU is trying to find a solution to the migration crisis, which has seen thousands of migrants crossing the Mediterranean and into Europe.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a new petrol engine that it says will be the world's first to use compression ignition.
A Crystal Palace fan has been found guilty of throwing a baton at police during the FA Cup third-round tie at Selhurst Park.
A Guatemalan medical examiner has ordered the retrial of General Rios Montt, who was found guilty of genocide and war crimes.
A hospital has warned people not to attempt to enter its accident and emergency department to play Pokemon Go.
Newcastle Falcons have signed fly-half Toby Flood from Leicester Tigers.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of British hip-hop.
Danny Mayor scored a stoppage-time winner as Millwall came from behind to beat League One Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after a series of firsts in its space programme.
The trustee of Cardigan Castle in Carmarthenshire has resigned to protect his family from "virtual persecution".
A German police officer has been shot dead during a shootout with a suspected far-right gunman, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he wants his players to be "physical, fair and brutal" in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Johnston Press, the publisher of The Scotsman, has reported a fall in profits and revenues for the first eight weeks of the year.
A free school in Birmingham has been rated "outstanding" by Ofsted, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A campaign to raise £100,000 for legal action against those involved in the 2003 invasion of Iraq has raised more than £50,000.
China's Ma Ying-jeou won gold in the men's singles with a 4-1 victory over compatriot Zhang Shuai in Rio.
An Australian woman who was seriously injured in a bushfire has completed a triathlon in Hawaii.
It used to be the world's biggest pharmaceutical company.
The James Webb Space Telescope is ready to go into orbit.
Morocco has been granted full membership of the African Union (AU) for the first time after it applied to rejoin the continental body in 1991.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles.
Nigeria will not qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations if they fail to qualify for this year's tournament, says former international striker Segun Odegbami.
Police in Dumfries and Galloway have said the annual Guid Nychburris parade has passed peacefully.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a public consultation on Scottish independence later.
The mother of a nine-year-old girl who was given the all-clear by the Welsh Blood Service to carry out chemotherapy has paid tribute to the blood donors who saved her life.
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "real sea change" in "crime porn".
A shopping centre in east London has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
The Angolan government has withdrawn a controversial internet law aimed at curbing the spread of anti-government sentiment.
Hungary is one of the most ethnically diverse countries in Central Europe.
A woman was set on fire in a restaurant after a group of men set fire to her hair, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has criticised parliament for shelving a bill that would ban the promotion of homosexuality.
Award-winning actress Ava DuVernay has said Lionsgate "failed to live up to our own standards of sensitivity and diversity".
Wales will begin their Euro 2016 campaign with a friendly against Belgium on Wednesday, with the first leg of their semi-final against Hungary taking place in Cardiff.
Two teenagers have been charged over the death of a pregnant woman in east London.
Oscar-winning Emma Watson is to star in the new Beauty and the Beast film, Disney has announced.
Warrenpoint Town will begin their defence of their Irish Premiership title with a home game against Dungannon Swifts on Monday.
Wales has not got to the level of penetration it should, according to a leading technology expert.
An MP has called for a meeting with the Italian government over the death of a British woman who was found stabbed to death in her flat.
Output from the UK's industrial and construction sectors fell in February, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are being urged to get into work.
Swansea City have signed Swansea City striker Jordan Grimes on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle banned items into a prison.
Gusts of up to 55mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Indian author Shailesh Ghosh has been taking to social media to tour the official residence of the President of India.
The risk of a repeat of a flood caused by a collapsed bridge is "unprecedented", a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Ryan Moore and MK Dons defender David Spence for undisclosed fees.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win at Glamorgan.
Iceland beat 10-man Netherlands 2-0 to move level on points with the Netherlands at the top of Euro 2016 qualifying.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared, have been formally identified, the BBC has learned.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Adlington has opened a new £1m swimming pool at the National Aquatics Centre in Wrexham.
Plans for a second phase of housing development at Stoke-on-Trent's former stadium have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen sharply after the department store chain reported a sharp fall in sales.
The UK's National Air Traffic Control Agency (Nats) has developed a system that bounces radio waves off wind turbines.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating 56 cases of alleged police failures in relation to child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed former Ajax and Manchester United striker Yohan Cabaye on a season-long loan deal.
Scientists have discovered a gene which may explain why some men are unable to produce sperm.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been taken to hospital in Belfast.
Volunteers at an 11th Century church in North Yorkshire have been told to keep their doors and windows closed because of a colony of bats.
A far-right movement in France has been dissolved over the death of a teenager who was attacked with knuckle-dusters, prosecutors say.
Tony Bellew says he would not fight heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua.
Maesteg Harlequins scrum-half Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping after testing positive for two banned substances.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon with a straight-set win over Italy's Elena Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property is set to rise by more than a third in the next five years, according to a survey.
West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton captain Danny Duffy says a win over Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged in connection with a series of sexual offences in Sunderland.
Plans for a hydroelectric power station in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead despite opposition from the Open Spaces Society.
The Football Association has confirmed the following changes for Saturday's National League game between Macclesfield and Dover.
Wales reached the semi-finals of the 1986 World Cup with a comfortable win over England in Cardiff.
Prof Stephen Hawking is among the judges on a competition to find the UK's youngest ever astronaut.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a car was set on fire in South Lanarkshire.
A man with a rare form of bowel disease has called for councils to be ordered to provide a set number of toilets per population area.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to strike in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the bomber who carried out last week's suicide bombing in the capital, Ankara, as his father.
Plans to build a hydro power station near the Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been rejected by the environment body.
A pensioner has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenage netball player by dangerous driving.
The smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than any other smoking ban in the UK, UKIP's former leader has said.
A statue of comedian Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in his home village of Timperley.
Firefighters in England are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions, a union has said.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A former member of a Welsh band has told a court he was injured in a car crash in which his electric guitar was damaged.
It's been another busy week for me at Wimbledon.
A handwritten manuscript has been appraised in a BBC One documentary.
Airbus and one of the world’s biggest companies, OneWeb, have launched a multi-satellite constellation in the sky.
A mother and her two-year-old child have been found safe and well in Pembrokeshire.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost his appeal against his murder conviction.
A court in Japan has ordered the reopening of two nuclear reactors that were closed after the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
A new comedy festival has been launched in Aberdeen.
Former Crewe Alexandra footballer Chris Woodward has said he is "still waiting" for police to come forward with further information about his alleged abuse.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in the law to protect victims of revenge porn.
The chief executive of India's banned Dera Sacha Sauda sect has resigned after the film was cleared for release.
Is it time to stop the hairdo craze?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of BBC Radio 4's Strictly Come Dancing.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their tickets, according to new research.
Hundreds of university staff have taken part in a walkout in Wrexham.
It's that time of year again, when the festive season comes to an end.
Glasgow-based Aggreko has agreed to buy North American heating solutions provider Dryco for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has welcomed Donald Trump's election victory but said he had no idea who he was.
Three men have been cautioned for publishing the name of a woman who was raped by Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed the band are planning a world tour in the future.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Croatia's Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Preston secured their place in the Championship play-offs with a goalless draw at Barnsley.
A South Korean basketball player accused of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she had a South Korean grandmother has been banned from the sport.
All children under the age of 12 will be eligible for a government-supported childcare voucher scheme, the government has announced.
Plans to host the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion have been approved by the Welsh government.
Leigh Centurions head coach Gary Rowley has resigned after the club failed to qualify for the Qualifiers.
Two years ago, Liisa Ronkainen was among 2,000 people selected to receive a basic income for two years.
Mount Etna in Italy has erupted again, this time spewing ash into the air.
Scotland scrum-half George Pyrgos says he is relishing the opportunity to lead the side out at the Rugby World Cup.
Iraqi forces have retaken the Iraqi city of Mosul from Islamic State (IS) militants after a week of fierce fighting, the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time since the war on drugs began.
When Taylor Swift posted a picture of herself on social media, people thought it was her.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Monday, boosted by gains in oil and gas companies.
Football is one of the most exciting sports in the world.
A third foot has been found in a park in Bristol, police have said.
Plans to demolish a number of Victorian hotels and apartments have been approved by Bournemouth councillors.
A Pakistani judge has recused himself from hearing an appeal against the death sentence given to a Christian woman for blasphemy.
Waiting times for mental health assessment and treatment in Wales are to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
A former Australian rugby league player has been charged with cocaine trafficking in South East Queensland.
Former England batsman Chris Lewis hopes his return from prison will help young cricketers avoid the pitfalls of a professional career.
Ross County extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points with victory at Kilmarnock.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with victory over Connacht at Kingspan Stadium.
KCCA coach Tshwane Mosimane says his side must "fight for it" after they were knocked out of the African Champions League in the first leg of their second qualifying round tie.
A 19th Century tin mine in Cornwall is to be restored following the TV series Poldark.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his rival Ted Cruz of "losing the Iowa caucuses".
Olympic silver medallist Lizzie Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning two gold medals at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager for the first time.
It was a dark night for impressionists in the 1970s and '80s.
A letter written by World War Two war poet John Lewis to his wife, Eleanor Ellis, has sold for £1,500 at auction.
The first of Loganair's fleet of aircraft has been refurbished.
Police are searching for a 15-year-old girl who was taken to hospital after her family gave a false name.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, has postponed its second-quarter results after the emissions scandal came to light.
Thousands of people have been protesting in the Indian state of West Bengal in the Darjeeling hills amid a general strike by supporters of a separatist movement.
Norwich City striker Andre Tettey says he was "happy" to score a Yaya Toure-esque goal against Southampton.
Great Britain's women secured their place at the Rio Olympics with a 3-3 win over New Zealand in the final of the Women's Hockey World League.
The Confederation of African Football president, Mohamed El Amrani, has resigned.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing from Cardiff hospital.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new Test captain following Michael Clarke's decision to retire from international cricket.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Partick Thistle.
A drink-driver has been banned from driving for 18 months after he was found unconscious in his car while under the influence of alcohol.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Birmingham City midfielder James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, Labour MP David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a draw at home to Guiseley.
Preston North End have signed former Aston Villa midfielder Jack Robinson and Ipswich midfielder Ryan Pringle on one-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take "appropriate action" after footage emerged of Orange Order members singing a racist song at a parade.
Scientists in the UK are to carry out gene editing experiments in human embryos.
Australia took a 2-0 lead in the three-match one-day series against India after a thrilling second-innings collapse in Chennai.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing the NHS in England.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would have to offer his resignation if the Vatican did not take his case.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash on a dual carriageway.
A suspicious vehicle has been found on a road in Glasgow, police have said.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 50,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year.
Iraqi Kurdish fighters have been accused of using chemical weapons against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq.
A man has been rescued from a sinking car in freezing water.
People can now check the quality of care at care homes in England for the first time.
An artificial intelligence (AI) program is to be used to help companies decide whether to invest in a company.
Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay $10m (Â£6m) in damages to a woman who died after using talcum powder.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in Italy.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Morecambe came from behind to draw with Wycombe.
An 86-year-old woman was hit over the head with bacon during a robbery at a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
A County Antrim hurling club has been backed to win the All-Ireland club hurling title for the first time in their history.
A man and a woman have denied murdering their three-year-old daughter on a bus.
A Danish container ship has been seized in Iranian waters, the Danish shipping company Maersk has said.
Chelsea's Pedro has been taken to hospital after suffering a head injury in their Champions League win over China.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has gained the Cardiff South and Penarth seat from the Liberal Democrats.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest march against plans for two wind farms in Lincolnshire.
The signing of the Paris climate agreement has taken place despite the absence of President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife's body was found in a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy has boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing, a study suggests.
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent cardiology appointment at the Ulster Hospital has risen by more than 50% in the past year.
A man has been injured after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a shop in north Belfast.
At the marina in the Spanish city of Benavista, Joanna Stevens is sitting in her kitchen.
Vanish bottles of detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach, conservationists have said.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed striker Katie Heatherson on a two-year deal.
Police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the Manchester Arena attack.
A council mayor has resigned after being accused of "misled" councillors over contracts awarded to a fitness company.
Shares in Premier Oil have risen by more than 90% after the company agreed to sell its North Sea assets to E.On.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the League of Ireland table as they came from behind to beat Ballymena United 2-1.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after shooting at the tyres of a car she was trying to steal.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough eased to victory at Bristol Rovers.
A Pembrokeshire bus company is in talks with a potential buyer, BBC Wales understands.
Dundee United have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jose Etxabeguren on a two-year deal.
Smog has blanketed parts of the eastern Indian city of Bangalore.
Fernando Fernandez was born and raised in Cuba, but his life in the United States was not easy.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 10 tribesmen in clashes in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada flight from Canada to the US has landed safely at San Francisco's airport.
Three brothers from Rotherham have been jailed for life for raping and sexually abusing two girls in their teenage years.
The UK's fishing industry faces "many trade-offs" if it leaves the European Union, according to a House of Lords review.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
What do we know about the threat posed by terrorism?
Arsenal have signed teenage defender Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw on a season-long loan deal.
Rescuers in Colombia are searching for more than 100 people who may have been buried in mud after heavy rains hit the country.
A second man has been arrested as part of an investigation into the London Bridge terror attack.
Uefa has suspended Spanish football federation president Alejandro Villar after he was arrested on suspicion of corruption.
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could lead to a "massive" decline in zoos in Scotland, a circus expert has warned.
A mentally ill man who stabbed a healthcare assistant to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for eight years.
German prosecutors have sentenced a Syrian man to death for his role in a deadly attack on the Syrian government.
Substitute Ross Wallace scored his first goal for Sheffield Wednesday as they beat Huddersfield.
A fuel additive has been found in a faulty French breast implant, according to the French news agency RTL.
A Labour Welsh government would deliver "jobs for our young people" and not leave a generation behind, the party's deputy leader has said.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history.
Five councillors have admitted they fell asleep during a Commons Select Committee debate.
England's Paul Dunne missed out on a first European Tour title as Italy's Francesco Molinari won the Nedbank Championship by one shot.
A record number of golden plover birds have been spotted on Tiree this year, according to the RSPB.
China's foreign ministry has dismissed comments by the US secretary of state that would set a course for "disastrous confrontation" with the country.
The hunt for a large cat has been scaled back after animal experts said it was likely a lynx or domestic cat.
Four people have been arrested in the UK in connection with a growing practice of spying on people's webcams.
The chairman of Fifa's reform taskforce has denied he was prepared to lead an independent review of the sport's governing body.
A children's book adapted for the big screen has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award.
Plans to cut services at Eastbourne Hospital have been described as "horrendous" by paediatricians.
Guinea's capital, Conakry, is set to be declared free of the Ebola virus on Saturday.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A £1m grant has been secured to save a 16th Century painting from being put up for sale.
Former Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 82.
A pilot and a tanker driver have been injured after their light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Mark McCall has described a pitch invasion by Millwall fans as "nonsense".
The next parliamentary stage of UK-Scottish budget talks has been postponed until next month.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former army chief, Ibrahim Dasuki, has been arrested on suspicion of fraud in connection with an arms deal, the country's anti-corruption agency says.
Georgia are "outgrown" the European Nations Championship, says head coach David Haig.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the Hausa film industry after she appeared in a viral video.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has died at the age of 83.
A piece of art is to be created to celebrate the life of a 17th Century poet.
In Timbuktu, in Mali's capital, Bamako, a group of young men and women are enjoying the freedom of the city.
A Pembrokeshire police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man during an incident in Caernarfon.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after an 11-year-old girl was attacked by it during a drugs test.
The view from the top of the mountains in the north-west of Chile is stunning.
Police Scotland has said it does not yet know the full extent of the problem of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors of memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand", a former Metropolitan Police chief has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have missed out on a place at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index closed down 1.2% at 17,572.49 on Friday, the lowest level since the start of the year.
Britain has returned to the Libyan capital, Tripoli, for the first time since 2011.
George Clooney wants to install CCTV cameras at his home in Sonning Eye in Oxfordshire.
On 8 June voters across the UK will go to the polls to choose their next government.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "slow, complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the national team.
England were thrashed by South Africa in the final one-day international to complete a three-match Twenty20 series whitewash.
Lille midfielder Yannick Bissouma has signed a new contract with the Ligue 1 club.
Thousands of people have been celebrating the Hindu festival of Diwali in Leicester.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
One of the lifeboat crew members at a Channel Islands station has resigned.
India's Virat Kohli will face Pakistan in Sunday's one-day international final at the ICC Champions Trophy in Mumbai.
A vicar has been cleared of sexually abusing a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
Talks aimed at averting further industrial action by the Wood Group and the RMT unions have ended without agreement.
Essex's bowlers struggled on day one of their Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A taxi driver who posed as a bomb to rob a bank has been found guilty of assault and robbery.
A Labour peer has been appointed to the House of Lords by the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn.
The first time we met the founder of Bitcoin, Craig Wright, we were sitting in a conference room in London.
A teenager has been charged with perverting the course of justice after a man was hit by a car in Manchester.
Plans to downgrade maternity services in Wrexham and Bangor are being considered by health bosses.
North Korea is believed to have been behind a massive cyber-attack on Sony Pictures in May 2017, according to a British intelligence assessment.
A new team of estate agents is to be set up in Powys to deal with the problems caused by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
A couple who got engaged while watching an episode of EastEnders are set to become the most decorated British Olympians of all time.
The bodies of at least 6,786 Syrian detainees who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to military hospitals are authentic, Human Rights Watch says.
A senior Sinn Féin MP has called on the UK secretary of state to clarify why he did not take his seat at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a Sudanese club after an incident in which officials were involved in a melee.
In the middle of a street in Columbus, Ohio, a sign stands out.
Science reporter Gaia Vince has won the prestigious Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Thailand's capital, Bangkok, calling for a two-year period without elections.
A man has been charged after a woman was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run incident.
Scottish airports have welcomed the UK government's decision not to devolve control over Air Passenger Duty (APD) to Northern Ireland.
Robin McBryde has been named as Wales' new head coach for the summer tour of New Zealand.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of a medieval monastery in Iraq.
Former servicemen and women are at no greater risk of suicide than the general public, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million older people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
James Anderson has dismissed Geoffrey Boycott's criticism of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan.
For more than a century, a Victorian mansion has been the centre of a campaign to turn it into a centre for children's literature.
Mae gogledd Cymru wedi cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliadau ar draws y byd, yn ôl Ysgrifennydd yr Economi.
Health care in the home is not "joined-up" with the NHS, the Green Party and UKIP candidates have said.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined more than £40m by the UK's competition watchdog.
The founder of one of the world's most successful football clubs is to be honoured with a plaque in his honour.
A second case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
A member of the US Secret Service has been shot dead by an armed man in a lift at the White House, reports say.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yng Nghymru.
Burmese President Thein Sein has sacked the speaker of his party, the BBC understands.
The Hunting Act is "inadequate" and needs to be strengthened, an anti-hunting campaign group has said.
Former US House Speaker John Boehner has been trending on social media after announcing he will resign from the House of Representatives.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley has been hailed as a watershed moment for Indian technology.
Sports Direct has reported a fall in half-year profits, partly due to a "significant deterioration" in exchange rates.
Canadian officials are trying to repatriate two Canadians who were detained in Beijing, China.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has backed Libya's unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's main opposition Popular Party (PP) has arrived in Madrid to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that "substantial progress" has been made between his country and Bangladesh after talks in the capital, Delhi.
A former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a fellow officer more than 40 years ago.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists who stripped and urinated on a sacred peak in Malaysia have been given jail terms of up to three months.
Finding Dory has dropped out of the top 10 at the UK box office.
The number of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in any other EU country, a study suggests.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended amid an investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's national taekwondo team will compete at the World Para World Championships in London and Manchester in 2017.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new two-year contract with the Spanish club.
Mae'r ffrwd Gymraeg yn yr ysgol wedi cael eu cynnig yn dref dros y degawd diwethaf yng Nghymru.
Welshman Mark Williams has been knocked out of the World Championship after failing to qualify for the first round.
Two people have been charged in connection with a protest at London's Heathrow Airport, police have said.
Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked as White House communications director.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have offered new deals to striker Asamoah Ghoochannejhad and defender Motta.
A Gloucestershire police officer has been jailed for sexually exploiting vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac have been announced as the headline act for the 2015 Isle of Wight Festival.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave Russia for now, his lawyer has said.
Norwich City manager Gary Money has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned Israel that its military freedom of action in Syria is under threat.
A kayaker has died after his boat capsized in a river in Surrey.
A fountain commemorating parachutists who parachuted into a Nazi concentration camp during World War Two is in need of restoration.
More than £30m has been raised for a new year of cultural events in Hull, the city's chief executive has said.
South Yorkshire Police's chief constable David Crompton has been suspended following the inquests into the Hillsborough disaster.
Austria has said it will limit the number of migrants seeking asylum in neighbouring Serbia, in response to the country's record influx.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts found during a search for MH17 in eastern Ukraine.
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy was not suitable to be a foster carer, a report has found.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has been given a bone marrow transplant in Seattle.
Fossils of the earliest pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Plans for a £22m beach recharge project in Gloucestershire have been described as "garbage" by a councillor.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is taking charge of the Premier League title-chasing Blues for the first time in their history.
Great Britain's Luke Burnell won the men's 100m freestyle at the London 2012 Olympics.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been elected as the new speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, with Martin McGuinness saying it was a "big and bold move".
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson and Barnsley midfielder Kieran Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during their FA Cup third-round tie.
Three women have been arrested on suspicion of neglect offences after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool.
Emma Croker will make her first start for England in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in Londonderry on Thursday night.
Woody debris from the Loch Ness Monster could be the cause of recent sightings of the creature, according to a conservation group.
The UK economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed because of a waterlogged bridge.
Police in Mauritius have seized heroin worth an estimated $2m (£1.5m) from the country's national football team.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Australian Grand Prix.
Damien Hirst is to write his own autobiography, which will be published next year, it has been announced.
Aberdeen manager Derek Milne has said the club are in a "fair position" despite a "challenging period" for the club.
Two dogs who were killed in a crash in Snowdonia have been moved to a new home.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a four-year-old girl was killed in a crash with a lorry.
A 33-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Former Arsenal and Liverpool midfielder N'Golo Kante has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A former gym in Glasgow is set to reopen to the public after it was forced to close last year.
Raffaele Morricone says he was "flattered" by Quentin Tarantino's willingness to work with him on a new film.
Rafael Dasaolu secured his place in the 200m at the World Championships with a superb performance in the final race of the day.
One in five children in Australia is living below the poverty line, according to a new report.
Up to 100 jobs are to be created at a former Sanofi plant in Newcastle.
Leicester Lions have appointed promoter David Bates as their new promoter.
A teenager has died after being stabbed at a factory in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl has been remanded in custody at Belfast Children's Hospital.
Police have renewed their appeal for information a year after a man was stabbed to death.
The use of racist language by security escorts on flights from the UK to Angola is "shocking", MPs have said.
Scientists are investigating the role that proteins play in the development of breast cancer.
Aids patients in the UK and around the world will be able to start antiretroviral treatment sooner rather than later, a study has shown.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder David McAllister on a two-year deal.
Farmers in Oxfordshire will be able to maintain their own drainage ditches for up to 1.5km from April, under government plans.
A British man has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man for the second time in three years.
More than 5,000 holidaymakers in the UK have been scammed in the past five years, according to a new report.
Ofsted inspectors have found that pupils were not allowed to attend a meeting at a private Muslim school because of a lack of respect for women.
Worcestershire have re-signed Worcester all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast.
West Ham Ladies have agreed a deal with the club's women's football board to secure the long-term future of the club.
A "systematic eradication" of arts education in schools is contributing to a "diversity crisis", a Labour inquiry has said.
Southampton reached the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with victory over Crystal Palace.
Leyton Orient manager Michael O'Leary has been awarded £1m by Fifa after his claim that he had been sacked by Al Ahli.
Former Sun editor Andy Coulson and former News of the World editor Karen Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept voicemails.
A total of 26 athletes from Italy have been charged with doping offences.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her house on fire has been jailed for four years.
Mexican footballer Oscar Pulido, who was kidnapped in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas, threatened and beat the kidnapper while on the phone, officials say.
Leicester City's poor start to the season continued as they were held to a home defeat by Bournemouth.
The French Football Federation has lodged an appeal against the suspension of Michel Platini from football's world governing body Fifa.
The airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year.
Plans to create a unitary police force in the Cotswolds could "signal the end" of Gloucestershire's police services, a police and crime commissioner has warned.
A council has announced plans to cut 1,400 jobs and increase council tax in a bid to save £134m.
Goldman Sachs is to stop conducting second-round interviews with business students as part of a bid to recruit the next chief executive.
Liverpool moved up to second in the Premier League with a comfortable win over Leicester at Anfield.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle.
A couple have become the first in the world to marry in a Pastafarian church.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged seven people in connection with the Yahoo data breach, including Russian hacker Alexander Baratov.
The Football Supporters Federation (FSF) has called for clubs to help prevent the illegal resale of football tickets.
A massive email dump of data belonging to the chief executive of the Ashley Madison social networking website has been released to the media.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to rise by more than 1.5 million between mid-2014 and mid-2038.
Conor Thomas' late goal secured Swindon a 1-0 win over Millwall in League One.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing more than a month ago have launched a national appeal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges of delivering wind turbine parts.
Artificial intelligence has been trained to spot the most common types of skin cancer, according to a US study.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's Premier League match against Tottenham.
Former England footballer Chris Carlisle has been banned from driving for three years after failing to give a breath sample.
A flooded road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week.
A 10-month-old baby elephant has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the RSPCA.
US actress Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she suffered a heart attack last week.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the end of World War Two.
The funeral of a man who died after being knocked out in a boxing match has taken place.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Salgar, a town in the north-eastern Italian state of La Libertad, to pay their respects to the victims of a landslide on Monday.
Venezuela and Venezuela are on the brink of civil war.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be turned off for four years as part of a major restoration project.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side deserved to beat Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
A fox hunter has told a court he was present when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hounds near Jedburgh.
A conman who stole almost £100,000 from a Cardiff car parts company has been ordered to pay back £115,000 to his ex-employers.
Russia's agriculture minister has told the BBC that a ban on the importation of wine and other products from the European Union is a "radical" move.
A British man arrested in India on suspicion of weapons offences has had his case heard by the country's Supreme Court.
There are "too few nurses" in Scotland, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
A man accused of murdering a five-year-old boy was punched in the stomach by his father, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy search diver has told the BBC he was "diving on a war grave" when his ship sank in the Falklands.
Two offshore tidal sites off Anglesey have been granted planning permission.
AP McCoy has ended his 20-year career as champion jockey at Cheltenham Festival.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who suffer delays of more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she is "deeply concerned" by allegations that the US spied on her phone.
Swansea City's under-21s won the FA Youth Cup for the first time in their history on Sunday.
Plans to turn part of a road near Stonehenge into a dual carriageway are "not an improvement worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Labour leadership hopeful Andy Burnham has said the party has "an outside but realistic chance of winning" after the vote closed.
The chancellor has refused to say whether he would cut the top rate of income tax for people earning over £150,000.
The Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the most persecuted ethnic groups in the world.
In the past, inheritance tax (ITT) has been a relatively minor issue.
Dundee-based savings firm Alliance Trust Savings is to be sold to Brewin Dolphin, the owner of the Scottish savings business.
The BBC has announced plans to introduce 40 new languages across 40 languages by 2022, as it prepares to celebrate its centenary.
A bus driver has been found guilty of fraud which could have cost more than £1m.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning at his wedding.
Children who play with touchscreens on a daily basis are more likely to sleep less than those who do not, a study suggests.
Plymouth Argyle have signed fly-half Laurence Pope, back-row pair Laurence May and wing Conor Moyle on two-year deals.
Two teenagers have been killed in a crash in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are to be required to stream their public meetings online, the Welsh Government has said.
Ben Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps beat Bath to cement their place in the Premiership's top four.
Nikki is one of the UK's most popular social media stars.
Footballer Paul Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with driving while a baby was in the arms of a passenger.
Somalia's government has released a video purportedly showing a suspected al-Shabab attack on a Turkish Airlines flight to Djibouti.
Mauricio Macri's victory in Argentina's presidential election has been described as a "historic moment" for the country.
The mother of a man who was stabbed 39 times in a "ferocious" attack has told a court she feared her son was involved.
Investors in a Grade II listed pier in Northamptonshire are to be offered shares for the first time.
Microsoft has defended its decision to search the accounts of a blogger who posted screenshots of the unreleased Windows 8 operating system.
Arriva Trains Wales has told Network Rail it will take 28 years to get the Welsh network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man has died following a crash in County Antrim.
A South African university has removed a statue of Cecil Rhodes from its campus after a student campaign.
Newport County director of rugby Gareth Davies says the club's owner Graham Westley should focus on preparing his side for their League Two game at Rodney Parade.
Wales has missed out on the top A* to A grades in the GCSE results for the second year in a row.
East Midlands Airport is one of the busiest airports in the UK.
Police in Spain have launched a major hunt for British fugitives who have been on the run since 2006.
Former world number one Andy Murray has apologised to Andy Murray after the Scot was caught on camera swearing at him during the Australian Open.
The States of Jersey has warned people not to disturb coral reefs in the Channel Islands.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been criticised by the government.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed Cambridge United defender Mark Roberts for an undisclosed fee.
A body has been found in the River Taff in Cumbria, police have said.
A man has been arrested after a three-week-old baby boy was killed by his family's dog in Newcastle.
A man has been refused bail after his dog chewed at his ankle tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk.
Sir Vince Cable has said Tata's decision to sell its UK operations sends the right message to the steel industry.
A horse-drawn driver has said he will be "going nowhere" after being refused McDonald's drive-thru service in Aberdeenshire.
Gary Neville's Valencia side were held to a goalless draw by Jony Sanabria in La Liga.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet can help people lose weight in the long term, according to US researchers.
A prison criticised for its high levels of violence has been told it faces "substantial safety concerns".
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the British Athletics team for the European Indoor Championships.
Ed Miliband has been accused of putting the future of the NHS at risk by Labour.
Some health boards in Scotland are spending more than £5,000 a day on meals and snacks, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in profits and revenues for the three months to 26 December.
A court in London has begun hearing evidence against London-based trader David Sarao, who is accused of causing a stock market "flash crash".
Great Britain have reached the semi-finals of the men's singles at the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Australia's foreign ministry has ordered an investigation into the security screening of Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney International Airport.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum exploded at an industrial estate in Londonderry.
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and judgements in hundreds of cases has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder David van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
Firefighters in California are battling a huge wildfire that has destroyed more than 1,000 homes and forced thousands to flee their homes.
Edinburgh-based gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has secured a £1m investment to expand its operations in the city.
The Bank of Scotland has announced that it is to introduce a new £5 note in October.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich Town.
When Chand was just a few months old, she was already one of the most exciting young athletes in the world.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £1m.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of "a crazy attempt to create conditions" for its relations with Israel.
A petition calling for Cardiff Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales has been submitted to the assembly.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a field in Hampshire.
Brian Cookson says British Cycling was "closely involved" in how the organisation was run, despite the recent Michael Phelps review.
You can send in your questions to BBC Scotland's election debate on 8 May.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has said he has presented "excuses and apologies" for what he called a "revolution" in the UK.
The cost of weddings and funeral services in the Church of England has been raised.
The families of two soldiers who died in World War One have been reunited with their loved ones at a ceremony in Belgium.
Mae gwasanaeth iechyd yn Nenmarc wedi gwella cyfeirio'r claf at ganolfan ddiagnostig yng Nghymru.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau ar draws y Deyrnas Unedig.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will sell land at 13 military sites in England to build new homes.
Dagenham & Redbridge moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Wycombe Wanderers.
Middlesex batsman Dawid Malan hit a career-best 46 on his T20 Blast debut as England beat South Africa by six wickets in the second match of their tour.
A chameleon found abandoned in a park in Carmarthenshire has been rescued by RSPCA Cymru.
The campsite layout for this year's T in the Park music festival has been overhauled, organisers have said.
The search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has received a second acoustic signal from China's Haixan 01, Australian officials say.
If you're suffering from depression, anxiety or depression, playing video games can be a great way to deal with it.
A look back at some of the best entertainment stories of the past year.
Tributes have been paid to a 42-year-old man who died in a crash in the Highlands.
Liverpool have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson for an undisclosed fee.
Birmingham City have signed Chelsea striker Michael Vaughan for an undisclosed fee.
A 42-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
The story of a football club that fought for its place in the Football League is to be told in a film.
When India hosted the first World Cup in 1958, it was hailed as a "historic moment" for the country's football industry.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed "good character" to come back from 1-0 down to beat Aston Villa.
Mick Fanning has been knocked out of the World Surf League Pipeline Masters in Hawaii after the death of his brother, Peter.
Germany's Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire on Saturday.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in the world.
A man has been arrested after a gun was found in a block of flats in Glasgow.
At the Fifa Congress in Zurich this week, delegates from the Palestinian Football Association (PFA) and the Israeli Football Federation (RFF) were expected to discuss their concerns about corruption at the world football governing body.
The planned closure of Euston railway station is the "only sensible plan", an MP has said.
Plans for more than 700 student accommodation in Belfast city centre have been submitted to the city council.
The UK spent an all-time high on film production in 2014, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms is to host a series of concerts to encourage primary school pupils to create their own works.
Britain's Adam Mitchell-Blake has become the first man to run under 20 seconds at an Olympic Games.
Guinea's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup suffered a blow as they lost 1-0 to Argentina in their last-16 Group A match.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of knifepoint attacks on motorcyclists and mopeds have been jailed.
Dundee United's owner has confirmed that the club is planning to buy land near the club's Dens Park stadium.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win three Grand Slam titles with victory over her sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders star Tom Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards.
Plans for major infrastructure projects in Glasgow and East Renfrewshire have been unveiled by the Scottish government.
The Green Party in Wales has pledged to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
Plans to improve a park in Blaby which was bought by Crown Estates have been put on hold.
Scotland captain Graeme Coetzer is confident his side can build on their eight-wicket win over Afghanistan in the one-day series in Edinburgh on Monday.
A house once owned by The Beatles singer George Harrison has sold at auction for £250,000.
A World War One medal has been found in a field in Pembrokeshire.
The family of a man who died 23 years ago have been told their body parts could remain unaccounted for for 23 years.
Peterborough United boss Paul McCann has said he is "devastated" by the extent of the midfielder's broken leg.
Mainland Chinese shares have fallen for the first time in more than two years amid concerns about the health of the economy.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its offer of a dual contract for Wales scrum-half Scott Williams.
A crane has been used to remove drugs from a prison after it became lodged on the roof of a prison.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-prisoners in England and Wales have found a new way to help them find work.
Human remains found in a mass grave in the Mexican state of Morelos are to be exhumed, officials say.
Plants and animals are at greater risk of extinction as a result of climate change, a study suggests.
Plans to build a new M4 motorway through the Gwent Levels have been rejected by the environment regulator.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast.
The public inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire has received a letter from the prime minister, Downing Street has said.
A German official has been arrested in Berlin on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's adaptation of the children's book Matilda has been cancelled after the actress was unable to sing the rest of the show.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) has called for a review of the way private car parks are managed in Scotland.
Labour has retained all but one of its seats in Cardiff North following a by-election victory for the party.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, according to official results.
Is the decision by the Opec group of oil exporters to cut production really the end of the world's biggest market?
Switzerland striker Mehmedi says Lionel Messi is "unbelievable" ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Argentina.
David Cameron has always been a big fan of the walkabout.
A man has been charged with sexual assault after an incident at an Aberdeen military base.
Bristol City have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb and Shrewsbury defender Liam McAllister on loan until January.
Officials in India have refused permission for a documentary about caste in the meat industry to be shown at the Tata Film Festival in Mumbai.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found some of the world's oldest flooring at the site of the Second Temple.
British salmon exports rose by more than a third in the first half of the year, according to industry figures.
Promotion-chasing Chesterfield will host Scunthorpe in the first round of the Under-21 FA Cup.
A County Londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young people are the most likely group to fall victim to identity theft, according to a new survey.
The death of a 31-year-old man in Edinburgh is being treated as murder, police have said.
The number of people arrested as part of an investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland has risen to more than 1,000.
A teenager has admitted hacking the social networking site Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her three children who were found dead in Oxfordshire has taken place.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on Tuesday to choose their preferred party to represent their constituencies in the general election.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Alamo to the city of San Antonio.
Super League leaders Castleford inflicted a sixth straight Super League defeat on Wakefield.
Mixu Paatelainen says Dundee United have "given themselves a chance" to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A "huge" iguana has been perched on a tree in Suffolk for three months.
It's one of the biggest music awards in the world, and it's taking place in London tonight.
The European Space Agency's flagship space observatory has arrived in Stevenage.
Uber has been rocked by a sexual harassment claim made by one of its drivers.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David de Gea to Real Madrid on time.
A ban on laptops and tablets in the cabin of planes from the Middle East is coming.
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel's office and the chancellery next door to the US embassy in Brussels have been found by police investigating the Brussels airport attacks.
A Chinese fruit-seller has been beaten to death by the city's chengguan police force, state media report.
Ajax midfielder Middag has signed a new two-year contract with the French club.
Robin van Persie says he is "all good" after being treated in hospital for an eye injury suffered in Fenerbahce's opening game of the season.
Danny Hylton's stoppage-time header earned Exeter a draw at Luton.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album, titled Untitled Unmastered, on the same day he released To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people have been taking part in this year's Winter Wonderland in the Czech Republic.
Manchester City Council has announced a pay rise of more than 20% for some of its senior staff.
Canadian MPs have voted in favour of a bill to change the lyrics of the national anthem, O Canada.
A former USA Gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial accused of sexually abusing children under the age of 13.
A woman who was jailed for life for plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is to be honoured with a blue plaque in Derby.
Three people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Tofino, Canada, have been named.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major after winning the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale.
Tottenham midfielder Asamoah Bentaleb has joined Bundesliga side Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death in front of their two young children has been jailed for life.
Tony Andreu missed the penalty as Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by 10-man Raith Rovers.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
The owner of Argos, Homebase and Homebase has reported a fall in sales as demand for furniture and sports goods offset a bid from Sainsbury's.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the "supply-side" of an uprising.
Carrie Hill, who was eliminated from the US version of The Voice, has announced her retirement from backing vocals.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in one of the UK's biggest cycling events.
A woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has been shot dead in the city of Chittoor.
A man has been jailed for five years for causing grievous bodily harm by dangerous driving after a police officer was hit by a stolen car.
A man has died after being rescued from the sea off the Isle of Wight.
A woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend told police she feared he was stalking her, a court has heard.
A collection of items from a Nottingham family's pram business has sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets to win the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has been investigated by police for sexting.
A man has been jailed for five years for making bomb threats to Bristol Airport.
England secured a record-equalling 404-3 victory over Australia in the first Test at The Oval.
Super League side Newcastle Giants have extended the contract of back-rower Tonga Ta'ai for another two years.
Lenovo and Acer have announced bigger battery packs for their latest smartphones.
Processed meat has been classified as a carcinogen by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Southern rail conductors are to stage two days of strike action in a row over pay and conditions.
A new paramilitary group has claimed to have been formed in the wake of the murder of prison officer John Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's EU citizens' rights offer to the UK is a "good start".
Kim Sung-yueng shot a five-under-par 66 to win the LPGA Women's Championship by one shot over American Charley Ciganda.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against a far-right party after it used a photo of her boyfriend to promote gender teaching in school.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has become the first woman to win the World Sport Climbing Championships.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest dairy company, is to sell its dairies business to a German firm.
UK consumers are "skinting" as they struggle to keep pace with shop prices, according to Visa.
A wheelchair user has said he was left "horrified" after being stuck in a train door.
A fountain celebrating the Queen's accession to the throne has been supplied with water from a lake in a Denbighshire town.
On Tuesday, British astronaut Tim Peake will begin his mission to the International Space Station.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found shot in Lincolnshire.
Jenson Button won his 100th grand prix as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel took pole position for the Hungarian Grand Prix.
The death toll from heavy rain in Japan has risen to 23, officials say, as rescuers continue to search for survivors.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Hathaway looks at the growing use of tablet computers.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage players Ben Davies and Callum Waddington.
The number of grey seal pups at a Norfolk nature reserve has reached a record high, a ranger has said.
The number of gibbons in China has fallen dramatically over the past 150 years, according to new research.
MPs have rejected a bid by the SNP and Plaid Cymru to delay a rise in the value-added tax (VAT).
The threat to Wales' economy runs far deeper than steel, Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has announced plans to build more than 1,000 homes on the eastern edge of the city centre.
Liverpool's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Chelsea on Tuesday has been described as a "must-win" for the Reds.
Laura Waters won the British Squash Championship for the second time in three years with victory over Jamie Waters in Nottingham.
Jeremy Corbyn has always been a staunch supporter of Nazism.
The studio behind the hit Disney animation Frozen is to release a sequel, the studio has announced.
Wembley Stadium will host the Women's FA Cup final in front of a record crowd of 32,912.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Bolton Wanderers and move up to second in the Championship.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit a career-best 63 to help his side take control on day two against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Britain's Greg Rutherford won the men's 10,000m at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Dog poo has been on the rise on UK beaches for the past few years, according to the Marine Conservation Society.
Chelsea captain John Terry has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the 1-1 draw with Leicester.
Four members of an international organised crime gang have been found guilty of stealing artefacts worth up to £100m in a series of raids.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers what's going on in Kenya and Tanzania.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most important organisations.
An Everton fan has raised more than £50,000 for a hospice after swimming the English Channel.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side's FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal showed they have a "losing mentality".
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend was disappointed with his side's performance in the 1872 Cup semi-final defeat by Edinburgh.
One of the world's most famous shipyards has died at the age of 90.
A woman was stabbed in the face by her ex-boyfriend in a revenge porn attack, a court has heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be given a passport by England manager Roy Hodgson, according to former striker Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the French Open with a 6-4 6-3 win over Canada's Vasek Pospisil.
The designer of the Etch A Sketch toy has died at the age of 90.
The government is to sell off its stake in the UK's first green investment bank.
A solar-powered mobile phone box has been unveiled in central London.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its battery recall of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a string of sex offences against boys.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has captured its final image of Mars.
A Labour MP has criticised a health board for failing to provide evidence to back up her claims about the death of her husband in hospital.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
The government has asked the education secretary to prepare cases against people who operate illegal schools.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to reject new proposals for the city's City Garden Project.
A ceremony is being held in Dumfries and Galloway to mark the 70th anniversary of the death of a Royal Navy submarine commander.
Lionel Messi has rejected a request by Spanish prosecutors to drop tax fraud charges against the footballer.
Rangers will face Scottish Premiership champions Celtic in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
A GP surgery group is considering cutting gluten-free prescriptions and cutting gluten free foods in a bid to save money.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would personally serve under Donald Trump if asked by the president-elect.
If you want to know why people in Taiwan are turning to Buddhism, you might want to ask Shanshan Hsiao.
A garden has opened at the Noah's Ark children's hospital in Cardiff.
More than half of new mothers in Wales do not breastfeed their newborns, according to a survey.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle her two young children into Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State.
The European Union is to set up a common list of tax havens in response to the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic defender Joe Ambrose has joined Blackburn Rovers on loan until the end of the season.
Arctic terns have been attacked by walkers with sticks and stones in Aberdeenshire.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Monday, boosted by a rise in bank shares.
Sir Philip Green has said he is in talks with the pensions regulator to find a solution to the pension crisis at BHS.
Glasgow Warriors second row Leone Nakarawa will leave the club at the end of the season to join Edinburgh.
Batsman Axar Patel has signed a new two-year contract with Northamptonshire.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is expected to rise by two thirds in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders has written to the prime minister urging him to reopen the defence review into the evacuation of civilians from Libya.
Scientists say they have found a new place to live in the ocean.
Researchers have found that people are more likely to prefer quiet, solo thinking than to think about something unpleasant.
Two people have been arrested after a 10-year-old girl was attacked by a dog.
A man in his 20s is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a "altercation" in south London.
A species of spider that uses silk to control its movements has been discovered by Taiwanese scientists.
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of two of their players, Tom Horstmann and Alex Salvi, until the end of the season.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says the club's new ownership structure will be "better than they are at the moment".
It's that time of year again - the summer transfer window is almost over.
The fallout from the so-called "bedroom tax" makes the front pages of the Daily Telegraph and the News Letter.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's biggest pizza chain, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits in 2015, helped by a surge in e-commerce sales.
National League side Leyton Orient have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in a bomb attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, officials say.
The leader of the Northern Ireland Assembly, Jim Murphy, has said he is "disappointed" by the level of support shown by his party.
When President Barack Obama arrived at the African Union's headquarters in Nairobi, he was greeted by a huge crowd.
Former Northern Ireland road racing champion David Farquhar has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious injuries in a crash at the North West 200.
There has been a rise in the number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales, figures have shown.
Tiger Woods has said he is receiving professional help to deal with back pain and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities has been agreed in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the US says.
Manchester City and Arsenal will be drawn against each other in the draw for the Europa League last 32.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house in which 11 people were living.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, French President Francois Hollande has been accused of betraying the country's values.
The Green Party has said it will work with health companies to provide free sanitary products to children in England and Wales.
A cash machine has been blown up during a robbery in Cumbernauld.
The Co-op Insurance has been ordered to provide two separate quotations for no claims bonus insurance, after it missed a deadline to do so.
Prosecutors in South Africa say they will appeal against a judge's decision to sentence athlete Oscar Pistorius to life in prison for premeditated murder.
Russia's foreign minister has said the US has "more and more reasons to believe" it is not able or not willing to change the Syrian regime.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry to raise money for cancer research.
China's communist leaders have banned a documentary critical of the state's handling of the country's air pollution, the BBC has learned.
A man has been left in a critical condition after a gang forced their way into his house in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard's late winner earned Dagenham a 2-1 win over Bromley in the National League.
The number of children being sexually exploited in England and Wales is likely to be higher than previously thought, says a report.
Glasgow-based distiller Edrington has appointed Crawford Gillies as its new chairman.
(Close): The pound strengthened against the dollar on Monday, helping to lift the FTSE 100.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio message from their new leader, in which a crying baby is heard crying.
Worcestershire opened their County Championship Division Two campaign with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan at Edgbaston.
A lollipop driver has told a court he is "truly sorry" for causing the death of a schoolgirl by dangerous driving.
Midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
A man who went missing while competing in a triathlon has been found dead.
Barcelona have confirmed they have paid a tax bill of 13,550,830.56 euros for the signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's leading investor in clean energy, according to new data.
A temporary footbridge is to be installed in a North Yorkshire town after a £3m deal was reached with the county council.
A football club that has been in exile in Coventry for more than a decade has returned to Scarborough.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 friction lock batons disguised as stun guns from China.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has announced he is stepping down after more than two years in the post.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious head injuries after being found lying on the ground in West Lothian.
A contestant on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother has been trending on social media after comments that he has a "thick elephant skin".
Ben Carson, the frontrunner for the Republican nomination for the US presidential nomination, has been accused of lying about his childhood.
Nigeria's Football Association (Fifa) has launched an investigation into former Fifa executive committee member Ibrahim Adamu.
African art is one of the most lucrative forms of entertainment in the world.
Astronomers have made some of the most detailed maps yet of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has approved a bill to criminalise the publication of false stories on social media.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho "should have said very little" about the conduct of his assistant Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of the leader of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
George the dog has become a hit with shoppers at a shop in Manchester.
At least 30 migrants have been rescued from a dinghy off the coast of Libya after being attacked by armed men from the Libyan navy, a charity says.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The SNP spent more than £10m on its general election campaign than the Lib Dems, the Electoral Commission has said.
Haven Haven have appointed former St Helens and England Under-20 international Tom Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President-elect Donald Trump is facing a pushback over his proposed cuts to foreign aid and humanitarian aid.
Is it really snowing in the Indian capital, Delhi?
A murder inquiry has been launched after a pensioner was stabbed to death in Cardiff.
The reverse of the World Para Athletics Championships in London will feature an engraving of the city's landmarks.
A ban on the production, sale and supply of so-called legal highs has led to the closure of more than 100 shops across England and Wales.
Astronomers from around the world have been taking part in this year's International Photographic Competition.
Shares in some of the world's biggest online games have been affected by a glitch on Nasdaq.
A man who used his mobile phone to take photographs of women at two Edinburgh railway stations has been jailed for 18 months.
International efforts are under way to phase out the most dangerous greenhouse gases by the end of the century.
Telecoms giant EE has tested a network of "drone-based" inflatable balloons in rural areas in the UK.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England is "one of the toughest Test matches I've been involved in".
David Cameron has apologised for referring to a London mayoral candidate as an Islamic State sympathiser.
Plans for a wind farm in Skye have been approved by councillors.
The government has said it is confident it can pass its Brexit bill despite opposition from the Scottish and Welsh governments.
Ride-sharing firm Uber has said it is losing $1bn (Â£770m) a year in China, according to reports.
Parents of children at a children's day camp whose director has been charged with possessing indecent images of children are to be refunded.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at 160lb following his victory over Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man has died after a light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airfield in County Fermanagh.
Preston legend Sir Tom Finney has died at the age of 90, his family has announced.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Marc Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new chief of the intelligence agency, the ISI, to replace Zaheerul Islam.
The death of a baby boy in Huddersfield was caused by a series of missed chances to provide medical input, an inquest has heard.
The government's draft banking reform bill falls well short of what is required to prevent banks breaking up, a watchdog has said.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A British tourist has died while snorkelling on a reef in Australia.
A protein in the venom of venomous spiders has been used to treat stroke for the first time, a study suggests.
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) and the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) have agreed a revised business case for a joint training college.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
A group of blind players gather on the grass in Berbice, on the outskirts of the capital, Georgetown.
Jack Johnson, the 10-year-old boy from Wigan, has been diagnosed with a rare form of motor neurone disease.
A woman who was jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a Dumfries businessman has lost an appeal against her conviction.
American swimmer Ryan Lochte has pulled out of a sponsorship deal with the fast-food brand Speedo, saying his "immature, intoxicated behaviour tarnished" the brand.
Hampshire secured their place in the County Championship play-offs with victory over Durham at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to strengthen their squad ahead of the new season.
A new £46m office development in Belfast Harbour has been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Fourteen-year-old Claire is hoping to become the first person to walk the London Marathon unaided.
California's jails have been criticized by the US justice department for "serious systemic deficiencies" in their handling of mental health issues.
A man in South Yorkshire has been able to grow a new fruit in his garden.
Sebastian Nalbandian may be the most famous tennis player in the world, but he's not the only one.
Chris Froome's victory in the Tour de France was "incredible", says Team Sky team-mate Dave Brailsford.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a 3,000-year-old fruit berry.
Paul Canning believes Pedro Caixinha's style of play will change when he takes charge of Rangers on Saturday.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has carried out its first test flight of a robotic spacecraft.
Plans to redevelop a former high school in the Isle of Man have been put back by a month.
Former Greek Finance Minister Konstantinos Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a confidential list of HSBC bank account holders.
A hospital has been criticised for selling a "gold plated" blackout blind for £22.95 from a discount website.
Russian anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been jailed for seven years for raping a woman in her own home in south London.
A fertility charity has called for the number of IVF cycles to be extended across Scotland.
Hospitals in England are failing to meet the four-hour A&E waiting time target, according to a report.
A tram has been tested in Manchester ahead of a new crossing in the city centre.
US drugmaker Mylan has announced a generic version of its EpiPen allergy treatment, in response to rising prices.
Kell Brook will be out for six months after fracturing his eye socket in his WBC welterweight title defeat by Gennady Golovkin.
Birmingham City Council has announced it is pulling out of the city's annual Heart Race.
Crystal Palace striker Florian Bolasie has signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Michael Gove has said the UK will have to negotiate with other countries to get access to UK fisheries after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has been placed on a ventilator.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
Saturday's League One match between Wigan Athletic and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested after a suspected gas explosion at a supermarket.
Police investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in Edinburgh have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Humberside Police's chief constable has called for parents to be allowed to take holidays during the summer.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has urged voters not to "gamble" with the SNP in the run-up to the general election.
American football is one of the most popular sports in the world, with teams from around the world taking part in a variety of competitions.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his six-year-old daughter, who was taken from him by her grandfather.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat Taunton and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan have signed Australia all-rounder Colin Ingram for next season's Big Bash competition.
A union has said it would oppose any move of jobs from London to Newport by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
At a rehabilitation centre in the Iraqi city of Sinjar, just outside the city of Mosul, a group of women and girls sat quietly, listening to the story of how Islamic State (IS) came to their land.
Michael Clarke hit a century for Australia on day two of the first Test against South Africa, which was overshadowed by the death of Hughes Hughes.
Bristol railway station has temporarily closed to the public for 24 hours to improve access for the disabled.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been hit by a cyber attack, according to reports.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as Q in Sean Connery's 1962 film Thunderball, has died at the age of 87.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa won the third one-day international by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the Brexit negotiations are having little impact on the day-to-day business of the business community.
A double-decker bus has been destroyed in a fire at Bishopsgate Junction in south London.
Morrisons has raised the wholesale price of Marmite for the first time since the Brexit vote.
A new student accommodation building has been unveiled at Glasgow School of Art.
UKIP leader Owen Smith has called on the European Union to respect the will of Scotland.
Kumar Sangakkara has been honoured by the Sri Lanka Cricket Board for his contribution to Test cricket.
High winds and heavy rain have caused major disruption in parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has said it will not raise the milk intervention price for Northern Ireland's farmers.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was disappointed with his side's performance in their 1-1 draw with Hearts at Ibrox.
A Japanese otter is to be reintroduced to Scotland after a visit by a conservationist.
When I arrived in the capital, Bangkok, I had no idea what to expect.
UKIP has apologised for a tweet about the cost of treating British HIV sufferers.
Barcelona striker Dani Alves has left the club by mutual consent.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out a routine test of its Falcon rocket.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, as far as possible.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra hit two centuries as his side fought back to draw with Hampshire at Edgbaston.
People living outside Wales could not stand as an assembly candidate unless they are registered as "living in Wales".
There are plenty of questions about how the Tories will spend their election manifesto.
Former Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season.
A knife has gone missing from a prison in Northumberland, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record has been named.
The brother of a British man who went missing in Thailand last month has said his mother's death has "created a big loss in our lives".
Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies have announced they will change their name to 'Women'.
A man whose body was found in woodland in Surrey has been named by police.
A woman who died after a carbon monoxide leak in a London flat died from a gas leak, an inquest has heard.
MPs have voted to back the Conservatives' plan to allow future governments to run an absolute budget surplus when the economy is growing.
The world's oldest carnival is to return to Leeds for the first time in more than 50 years.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says it is "nice to feel like a football player again" after returning from a knee injury.
A 19-year-old Pakistani man has been charged with conspiring to kill Americans and to carry out attacks against the US military.
Brighton moved to the top of the Championship with victory over Ipswich, who lost 2-2 at Portman Road.
A cash machine has been stolen during a raid on a shop in Bristol.
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea has said she will never be forgotten.
The Scottish Highlands Ski and Snowboard Association (Ski Scotland) has said it is on track for a record number of customers this winter.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams is receiving a letter of support from the republican people.
Have you ever wondered what it might be like to live in a museum?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
DUP health minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because it is in the interests of Northern Ireland.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who was trying to groom other underage girls, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a parade through Donegal to mark the Twelfth of July celebrations.
What are the key pledges from each party in the Welsh assembly election?
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the club are "a little bit short" of new signings.
Blackpool were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester in League Two.
China is "committing to do something about it", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a police officer who died after a short illness.
Wales has the highest level of broadband penetration in the UK, according to a report by communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being invited to give their views on a proposed travellers' site in Powys.
Repairs to a church spire damaged by woodpeckers have been completed.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has called a phone number for a former prisoner of war, according to a Politico report.
President Barack Obama has hailed the "historic" opening of health insurance exchanges in the US, saying it will free millions of Americans from the "fear of going broke".
A security alert in Londonderry has ended.
The US safety regulator has unveiled new guidelines on the use of electronic devices in cars, including tablets and pads.
A delegation of politicians from Northern Ireland, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDP) has arrived in Colombia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry.
Sam Lyth hit a career-best century as Yorkshire dominated day two of their County Championship Division One match against Surrey at The Oval.
A man has been fined Â£1,000 for causing a four-vehicle crash in Crawley.
Channel 5's Ken Morley has been called out over comments he made on social media.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix to a burst water main in the Republic of Ireland will be completed in two weeks.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint at a shop in Londonderry.
Sinn Féin MLA David Eastwood has been nominated to challenge SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A North Lanarkshire town has won the coveted Carbuncle award for the best town centre in Scotland.
Drugs with an estimated street value of £1m have been seized during the TT race in County Antrim.
Welsh Labour only gets to be the natural party of Wales if it consistently re-invigorate itself, its former leader has said.
Former European captain Annika Sorenstam believes Hull could be a top-10 player in the world by the end of the year.
A £10,000 investment in a German-based tracking company has been cancelled after it failed to materialise during the reality TV show Game of Thrones.
Bangladesh has restored electricity to most of the country after a major power cut left the country without electricity for several hours.
The Culture Minister, Carál Ní Chuilín, has ordered a full audit of Sport NI.
NHS England is to introduce a new "fast-track" way to pay for innovative cancer drugs, the health watchdog has announced.
A pub publican who stabbed a man in the neck with a steak knife has been jailed for eight years.
Three London schoolgirls who fled to Syria to join the Islamic State group have been married, their families have told the BBC.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged by the Football Association for refusing to move away from the pitch during his side's defeat by Burnley.
Two 17th Century cups and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house.
The owners of a private hospital where patients with learning disabilities were subjected to "unacceptable" levels of abuse, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the county by mutual consent.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of US student Amanda Kercher, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for her murder.
Defending champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "scarred for a while" after suffering a serious head injury in the final round of the Masters.
A British 10,000m runner has accused athletics' governing body of "a waste of money and training" after he was quarantined for 48 hours amid an outbreak of norovirus.
Danny Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough beat 10-man Bournemouth to record their first Premier League win of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ian Paisley takes a look at the life of the former First Minister, Lord Bannside.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Hibernian centre-back Scott Brown on loan until the end of the season.
Belgian police have arrested 12 people in raids linked to the Paris attacks, prosecutors say.
Theresa May has met residents of the Grenfell Tower fire site in west London to offer them the "urgent support they need".
Leigh Centurions have completed the signing of Red Devils half-back Luke Chase on a two-year deal, subject to a medical.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted has been secured for a further two years.
Mining giant Anglo American is to cut 85,000 jobs as part of a $3.7bn (£2.4bn) restructuring, the company has announced.
French cyclist Bernard Demoitie has died after being hit by a motorbike during a race in the Tour de France.
Ulster flanker Stuart McCloskey has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
The US space agency has sent back a small amount of dust from the asteroid Bennu.
A Cambridge University professor has been ordered to return her two-year-old son to Japan under international civil legislation.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled on to rocks.
At least three bodies have been found in a field in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, police say.
A cyclone has hit the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, killing at least one person and injuring hundreds more.
The number of Syrian refugees coming to the UK is "much the same as it's been over the last few months", the government's refugee minister Danny Harrington has said.
A "grave misgivings" have been raised about the cost of charging criminal defendants to pay the costs of their case, MPs have said.
Asda has admitted that its website was infected with malware that could have exposed customers' details.
A drug smuggler who set light to a 15th century building in Exeter in a bid to claim squatter's rights has been jailed.
Mexico beat Brazil 2-1 in extra-time to win the men's Olympic football gold medal.
The Royal Mint is to introduce a 12-sided version of its £1 coin in October.
Andy Murray's former coach Tomas Lendl says he is considering returning to tennis coaching.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh.
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year deal.
If you want to know why Ben Llewellin loves the sport of shooting, ask his father.
George Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the genocide committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
An academy chain has announced plans to merge two of its schools in Manchester, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
German police have charged seven people in connection with an attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said it is not possible for him to force his own ministers to back him in the EU referendum.
A US appeals court has ruled that Brendan Dassey, star of the documentary Making a Murderer, can be released from prison within 90 days.
Cyber-security researchers have abandoned a plan to sell vulnerabilities to a group that sells them for free.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for £10m on a three-year deal.
It would have been "rash and dangerous" to force all schools in England to become academies, a think tank has said.
Twelve missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, the BBC has announced.
Transport firm Menzies has revised its full-year profit outlook after service levels at London Gatwick were restored.
Boris Johnson's planned visit to Moscow to discuss the Syrian crisis has been called off by Russia.
A police force's poster urging children not to be afraid of the police has gone viral on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating a claim that Lord Janner sexually abused children in the 1970s and 1980s.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to merge with Lincoln City Ladies.
Street protests in Belfast are damaging the image of Northern Ireland, Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Taylor Swift has said she will not get married until the law on same-sex marriage is passed in Australia.
England won the Women's Six Nations for the first time in their history with a comfortable victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
Taking a drug to prevent the loosening of a joint could reduce the number of knee and hip replacements, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of six babies.
Head teachers have warned that the so-called Trojan Horse scandal is the "tip of the iceberg" in tackling extremism in schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons came from behind to draw with Bristol Rovers.
Protests have broken out in the Philippines against the development of genetically modified rice (GM).
Fabian Delph's decision to turn down a move to Manchester City was one of the biggest headlines of the transfer window.
The A&E department at a Middlesex hospital has been rated inadequate after a patient was left on a trolley for more than an hour, inspectors have said.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give evidence to a review into the death of Bailey Gwynne at a school in north Belfast last year.
When Paul Ryan was caught with thousands of pounds worth of drugs in New Zealand he was not only dealing them, he was also selling them.
A new Urdu degree course has been launched at the University of Reading in Pakistan.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of "brazenly plundering" oil from the Islamic State (IS) group.
Thousands of people have been posing for selfies with armed police at Download.
No serious negotiations will take place in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU, the European Council president has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to December.
Chinese police say they have seized more than 1,000 bottles of alcohol and a powder believed to be linked to the tainted milk scandal.
Banes in Bath and North East Somerset have been cleared of waste after a dispute over pay.
TalkTalk has said that more than 4% of its customers may have been affected by a cyber-attack on its website.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after a three-under-par 66 in the third round of the PGA Championship.
A prototype petrol-powered production car has broken the world speed record for the first time.
A British soldier has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Uganda.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac says he would be "devastated" if James Davies had been hit by a punch from James Skelton.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has revealed that he's found five lost F-1 engines.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to descend on Hong Kong this weekend for the city's largest ice sculpture festival.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist and Ollie Williams have created a dance track inspired by the city of Accra.
Leicester City fans have described the way staff dealt with "thousands" of people attempting to gain access to the club's FA Cup third-round replay.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after disappointing jobs figures.
Kevin Pietersen will miss the final Test against South Africa at Lord's next week after a dispute with the England and Wales Cricket Board.
The complete list of the genes that cause breast cancer has been discovered by scientists.
Scientists have identified a link between chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Staff at London Metropolitan University are to vote on whether to strike in a row over job losses.
Dundee United moved six points clear at the top of the Scottish League Two table with a comfortable win over Raith Rovers.
Glamorgan made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with a six-wicket win over Kent at Canterbury.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two girls who were hit by a car being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died when her lifejacket caught on a cleat have launched a safety code.
Aston Villa have activated the departure clause on striker Idrissa Gueye, who is set to leave the club at the end of the season.
Nigeria have been shortlisted for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year award.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in a collision with a bus in Bath.
Olympic runner David Pollock has won the Welsh Half Marathon Championship in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has urged the government to open dialogue with opposition leaders.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after anti-Islamic messages were posted on social media.
Johan Cruyff's family have paid tribute to the Dutch legend by paying tribute to him on social media.
Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time in four years with a 6-4 6-2 win over compatriot Anett Kontaveit.
A new flag has been flown in Belfast city centre alongside the Union and Ulster flags.
Michael Meeke secured his second World Rally Championship win of the season with victory in the penultimate stage of the event in Sweden.
A Baidu executive has been arrested in China for allegedly taking his hands off the steering wheel while driving a self-driving car.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Brian Matthew has died at the age of 90.
Joe Charnley is relishing the challenge of switching to rugby league.
Israel's new police commissioner has been sworn in in a ceremony in the occupied West Bank.
"Who's Margaret Thatcher," says one of the three young men sitting in a cafe in Consett.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias has undergone reconstructive surgery after he cut his hand while performing in Mexico.
A former police officer has called for the decriminalisation of cannabis.
Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against Maori on Monday.
Deaf people are being discriminated against because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a shopping centre in Liverpool.
The United Nations has named Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has been told it is not liable for negligence over the death of a Royal Marine who fell into the sea off the coast of Spain.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in Donald Trump, after meeting the US president-elect.
The European Championship has come to an end, and it is time for the knockout stages to get under way.
A transsexual woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting a fellow inmate is to appeal against her sentence.
A man and his dog have been rescued from a sinking car in a lake in Hertfordshire.
The BBC Micro Computer was one of the most popular computers in the UK at the time.
Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Ryan Pigott on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer David Thorne is to write and star in a TV adaptation of the Harry Potter books, it has been announced.
A girl has been shot dead by her father in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A radio presenter who said "every day is hell" has been reunited with his wife during a phone-in show.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at an Oxford hospital have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered beneath a cliff.
Indian wrestler Manoj Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of a "clear case of conspiracy against him".
More than half of primary and secondary pupils in England are using tablet computers, a study suggests.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast have begun a campaign to stop the university from investing in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Victor Camara has left Derby County to join French side Guingamp.
Newcomer Eska has won the prestigious Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a township in South Africa.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk should be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 other people, the government says.
Cardiff City have declared themselves "highly insolvent" after relegation from the Premier League.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Brighton.
A Sheffield woman has said she is "heartbroken" that she has not been recognised for her contribution to the war effort in World War Two.
Hartlepool United youngster Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Scotland's beaches have been rated as among the best in the world for water quality.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Mahony were both forced off as Ireland produced a devastating display to beat France and reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his two-year-old son in a garden chair.
Mauritius's Prime Minister Murali Jugnauth has announced he is stepping down.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden.
Nigeria international Victor Oshaniwa has joined Hearts from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod on a two-year deal.
Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of a family matter.
Tributes have been paid to a former Middlesbrough footballer who was found dead in his hotel room.
A group of speed bumps have been painted on a bus in London.
Zlatan Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to move out of the relegation zone.
The BBC has been using the messaging app WhatsApp for more than a year to bring you the latest news and information from around the world.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK.
Manchester United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in 10 years with a goalless draw at Cambridge United.
France has condemned Turkish air strikes on Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital following a fire at a house in Londonderry.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says his players are suffering from a "hangover" after Tuesday's League One defeat by Barnsley.
Shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon have been closed by the Food Standards Agency (FSA) after tests showed high levels of E.coli.
The European Union has condemned Russia's move to close a disputed border with Georgia, saying it could have "negative effects" on the local population.
The minute's silence has been observed in Paris for the victims of the attacks on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Ghana has ended its mission to fight the Ebola epidemic in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
More than 6,000 people have been rescued from the rubble of buildings in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, after Saturday's earthquake.
(Close): The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed lower on Friday after the US Supreme Court upheld a lower-than-expected ruling on tax subsidies for the wealthy.
BBC Sport will broadcast live coverage of the FA Cup third qualifying round tie between Bridlington Town and South Shields.
When I walked onto the pitch at Paris St-Germain on the opening day of the Champions League semi-final between Barcelona and Real Madrid I was a bit taken aback.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to remove four suspended legislators from the chamber, after a Supreme Court ruling.
Six people have been arrested after a suspected human trafficking lorry was found in a motorway.
Having a university-educated parent has a greater influence on children's vocabulary than having a university degree, a study suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Michael Goodwin has been charged with assault by a Football Association disciplinary panel.
For centuries the Church of England has been dominated by men.
The founder of the Greggs bakery chain was a "veneer of respectability" and "an abuser of children", a court has heard.
Northstone, the County Antrim-based building materials firm, has reported a fall in turnover in 2012.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, the security services have stepped up their security presence.
The US says it has begun training Syrian rebels to fight against the Islamic State group.
France is going to the polls for the second round of the presidential election.
The funeral of a former Dizzee Rascal DJ has taken place.
Family members of Adam Lanza, the 17-year-old who was killed by a gunman at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as a "very bright boy".
Ireland women's hockey team reached the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a comfortable 4-0 win over Wales.
A health trust has admitted failing to prevent a patient from falling from a roof at a psychiatric unit.
Two men have been arrested during a firearms operation in Bedford.
The uncertainty over the UK's future relationship with the European Union has continued.
Immigration is a major issue in the general election campaign, the Welsh Liberal Democrats have said.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-2 to win the Brisbane International.
Morecambe suffered a third successive League Two defeat as they were beaten 3-1 by Mansfield.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men in Kilmarnock.
Andy Halliday "outshone" Scott Brown in his role as Rangers manager, according to former Celtic captain Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County chairman Graham Foxall says the club's decision to sack Graham Westley was based on the players' reaction to their defeat by Leyton Orient.
The parents of a Scottish woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to the Mauritian authorities in an attempt to arrange her funeral.
More than half of people in the East Midlands are unable to name any of their local councillors, according to new research.
The BBC's decision not to renew the contract of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been greeted with mixed reactions in many parts of the world.
A former head teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of a string of religious offences.
League Two side Wrexham have signed former Wales international defender Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular exercise in the 60s may help prevent memory loss in later life, a study suggests.
The Department of Health and Social Care has admitted a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a man who fell to his death at a County Londonderry hospital.
The mother of a British student who survived the Nepal earthquake has said she is concerned about her daughter's safety after she was told the embassy was closed.
Britain's Andy Murray will begin his defence of his Wimbledon title against Ukraine's Naomi Broady in the second round of the Australian Open.
European politicians have reacted angrily to the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Three men have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK in a lorry.
The Haka, a traditional dance performed by the Maori people, is being performed by Prince Harry in New Zealand.
Retailers in Scotland are pushing products that are less healthy for consumers, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have confirmed they are investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse against a former employee.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and their fence damaged in an alleged breach of planning laws.
The owner of O2, Li-Ka Shing, has agreed to buy the UK's biggest mobile operator for £1.1bn.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can control cars remotely.
Two men have been jailed for posing as emergency services to defraud businesses out of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help refugees resettled in Aberdeen.
It's that time of year again when many business leaders are looking to turn their fortunes around.
Cornish Pirates have signed prop Alex Cheesman and prop Morgs Morgan on two-year deals.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in Stafford to call for the closure of Stafford Hospital.
A Cardiff man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag to raise awareness of the condition.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Joanna Lumley considers the significance of Robert E Lee's monument to George Washington.
A new tram line from Derby to Derby could cost £200m, East Midlands councils have said.
Newport Gwent Dragons shareholders have backed a £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
The Beltane Fire Festival has taken place in County Antrim.
Soldiers and their families are set to move into a new home in Wrexham as part of a shake-up of defence bases.
The driver of Tesla's Autopilot car was able to avoid a crash while operating the feature, a US safety regulator has said.
Uganda's government website has been hacked by hackers, the BBC has learned.
A man has been jailed for eight years for carrying out a series of offensive weapons offences.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a new one-year contract with the county.
A 78-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Oxford.
Saudi Arabia has accused the US of violating its sovereign immunity over the 9/11 attacks.
A decommissioned oil rig which ran aground on the Isle of Lewis last month is to be put on a ship in Malta.
Police in Pakistan have arrested two men on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple accused of blasphemy over a dispute over money.
Libya's rival parliaments have rejected a UN proposal for a national unity government, the UN has said.
It's that time of year again when you think about what to do with your children.
A former American football player has been found dead in his prison cell in the US state of Nebraska.
The number of police pursuit-related deaths in England and Wales has risen to its highest level in a year, according to the police watchdog.
The sport's governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), has ended its sponsorship deal with Adidas.
Ireland secured a draw with the Netherlands in a rain-affected Intercontinental Cup match in Dublin.
Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto has been shot dead by a man armed with a machete at his farm complex, police say.
A team of scientists have been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A US judge has ruled that genetic tests should be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of Prince.
A Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
The owners of West Ham, Daniel Sullivan and Gold, have denied reports that they are in talks to buy a stake in the club.
Google has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by a jump in advertising revenue.
A company which went into administration last year has said it is looking good for the future as it continues to build up orders.
A woman accused of defrauding an 85-year-old woman out of £10,000 has told a court she would have "lost her friendship" with her.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county.
Google has announced that its smart home assistant, Google Home, will be available in the UK from 6 April.
The deportation of a Nigerian woman and her two daughters from Nigeria has been delayed, the Home Office has said.
A Northern Ireland councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party.
A 40-year-old man from Dublin has been shot dead in Spain.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that its only female panda, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over Wigan.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games after being charged with violent and aggressive punching by St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
Hungary is to offer buses to migrants who have escaped from a railway station in the capital, Budapest, officials say.
Chelsea could make Victor Moses their first signing of the summer, according to Blues boss Mark Hughes.
Coventry secured their first win of the season as they beat 10-man Millwall.
The Scottish Conservatives have accused the Scottish government of trying to blame the SNP for a fall in school funding.
A man who was jailed for downloading indecent images of children to the internet has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Events have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers and the Denver Nuggets will play in the first regular-season game to be staged in the UK this season.
Jimmy Hennessy was a father-of-two from Liverpool who travelled to the UK with his brother, Graeme, on a scooter.
Grimsby moved into the League Two play-off places thanks to a comfortable win over Mansfield.
Somalia's new President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo has accused al-Shabab militants of plotting to kill him.
Construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
Dozens of domestic workers in Hong Kong have taken to the streets to protest against what they say is an "anti-immigrant government".
Eoin Morgan hit a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Walsall's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new manager.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US.
The response to the riots in London and other parts of the UK could have been improved, MPs have said.
The world's biggest social media marketing conference has been taking place in London.
Voters in the UK are going to the polls to decide whether the country should stay in or leave the European Union.
A drug dealer who hid £237,000 in his wife's car boot has been jailed.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most vexing pests in the UK.
Rent on beach huts in Poole is to rise by more than 10% in a bid to meet demand, a council has said.
A large oil rig that ran aground off the coast of Norway on Wednesday has been towed away from a North Sea platform by strong winds.
Easter eggs are one of the most popular holidays in the UK, with millions of people visiting their local shops to hunt for them.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool city centre have been rejected by councillors.
US President Barack Obama has called for an investigation into the bombing of a hospital run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) in Afghanistan last month.
Laura Shuker became the first British Open wheelchair singles champion to win a British Open mixed doubles title.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's long-running conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and move up to second in Super League.
Hibernian returned to the top of the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Celtic and Nottingham Forest midfielder Ryan Wilson on a one-year deal.
"When I first came to India, I was living in a refugee camp," says Rangoon Sarlan.
More than 18% of couples are living in "distressed" relationships, according to new research.
The Scottish government has been criticised for its "dreadful" decision to scrap a competition to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology in the UK.
The European Space Agency (GSA) has launched its Galileo satellite navigation system.
The sister of a girl who went missing 20 years ago has said she is "devastated" by the death of her sister.
The PSNI has removed a Facebook post in which the name of a man who was shot in west Belfast has been linked to a list of people who have been shot.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says the majority of the club's fans want him to leave the club.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 if they beat Israel on Sunday.
Prime Minister Theresa May has told BBC News about the importance of learning the Chinese language.
There is a "lot of scope" for getting it wrong with sepsis, a leading medical expert has warned.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derby has been halted until a judicial review is carried out.
Work has started on a new £33m community hospital in Somerset.
More than 80 Commonwealth business leaders have signed a letter to David Cameron calling for the UK to leave the European Union.
Labour leadership hopeful Yvette Cooper has said she is "very unlikely" she will serve in the shadow cabinet under Jeremy Corbyn.
The BBC has announced the full line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival.
Spectacular images of lenticular clouds and rainbow reflections have been shared on social media.
A statue of former Watford manager Paul Taylor is to be erected in his memory, the Premier League club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them a place in the Challenge Cup final against Exeter.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored twice as Barnet came from behind to draw at Grimsby.
Sunderland have completed the signing of Newell's striker Diego Scocco on a free transfer.
It's been a turbulent week for the European Union.
Chennai has become the first Indian city to have a metro, with the first train being driven by a woman.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped at a junction in south Armagh.
England have named all-rounder Ben Stokes in their squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan in September.
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan by six wickets in the first one-day international in India.
The US astronaut who's spent 215 days in space has been sent back to Earth for a spacewalk.
A red kite has been found shot in the head in North Yorkshire.
Two men have been jailed for importing drugs and stun guns from the dark web marketplace Silk Road.
Johnny Sexton and Johnny Sexton return to the Ireland team for Sunday's Six Nations match against New Zealand.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the euro and hopes of a Greek debt deal.
Theresa May, the former prime minister of England and Wales, has died.
The US has condemned Russia's shipment of missiles to Syria, saying it is "ill-timed and very unfortunate".
Banksy has defended his website after rumours it may be fake.
Ed Miliband has said he will never give up on fighting for the Britain that he believes in after Labour's general election defeat.
Four cats have died in the past seven days after ingesting antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter's director of rugby has expressed concern about the potential impact of the Willis Willis case.
More than 100 retailers in Singapore have been asked to remove products from Indonesian firms accused of contributing to the haze caused by forest fires.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he is "fighting with his spirit, his vision, his love" after the death of his predecessor, Hugo Chavez.
The US Supreme Court has begun oral arguments in a case that could lead to the legalisation of same-sex marriage in the US.
England are in "confident spirits" ahead of their World Cup qualifier against Italy on Saturday, according to a new study.
Zac Goldsmith has been confirmed as the Conservative candidate for London mayor.
A 91-year-old woman has spoken of her shock after her husband's jewellery was stolen during a break-in.
Rule The World won the Grand National over fences at Aintree to become the first horse since the 19th Century to do so.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking children on term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton says Formula 1 governing body will have "no option" but to impose a 'halo' device on cars following the death of his son.
A new project to assess the impact of climate change on Wales has been launched.
We want to hear what you have to say about the BBC.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England captain Paul Dunn as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
Pernod Ricard, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported strong sales growth in the first three months of the year.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, has reported a loss for the first three months of the year.
China's state-run media have taken to the front pages in response to the UN tribunal's decision to overturn a landmark ruling by the International Court of Justice.
A premature baby who died after being removed from a ventilator should have been given earlier medical care, a coroner has said.
A cancer charity has raised more than £100,000 for its appeal.
A World Cup conman has been ordered to pay back more than £600 and £220 to two victims who were duped out of thousands of pounds.
A two-year-old boy has been found dead at a house in north London.
James Gilmour, who was seen leaping from the Cenotaph during the August riots, did not know the monument was a war memorial, a court has ruled.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete in a Tesco store has been jailed for life.
At least 25 people have been killed in a series of attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria says it will impose daily quotas on the number of refugees it accepts, as part of efforts to cope with the migrant crisis.
David Beckham's team have submitted a bid to buy land in Miami for a Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise.
The Birds star Helen Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock, who later threatened to "destroy" her career.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say they are treating a woman who is believed to have been the world's heaviest.
Buckingham Palace have said they are "disappointed" by the release of a Nazi salute video from the Queen's private collection.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to overtake Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the most extreme on record, according to a new appraisal.
Voters go to the polls on Tuesday to elect a new council leader.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic suffered a shock defeat by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 162 by Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor will miss the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in their 2-1 win over Sunderland.
The final report of the Advisory Committee on Mental Health (ACMD) on psychoactive substances has been published.
At least 31 people have been arrested in Morocco after clashes between fans and the Football Supporters' Federation (FMRFF).
As Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe delivers his annual Heroes' Day address in the capital, Harare, the BBC's Victoria Falls looks at what he's up to.
Rangers striker Callum Windass says he is happy to have scored his first goal for the Ibrox side this season.
A New Zealand-based firm has successfully launched its first commercial rocket.
The amount of overtime paid by NHS hospitals in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the last three years, the BBC has learned.
Rugby is a sport that can be played for hours at a time.
At least 11 people have been killed by Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano, officials say.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of failing a drugs test by Uefa.
The general election is set to be held on 8 May, and it is shaping up to be one of the most closely watched in the UK.
Every child in Scotland should have the basic rights to food, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland.
A teenager who took her own life after being referred to mental health services did not meet the criteria for specialist support, an inquest has heard.
Drivers who are caught travelling at more than the speed limit should not be penalised, a drivers' group has said.
US military police are investigating a pillow fight at West Point, New York, in which scores of cadets were injured.
The controversy surrounding the president of Brazil's Human Rights and Minority Commission has sparked a wave of outrage.
A Batmobile used by Batman in the 1960s TV series has been sold at auction for $1.5m (Â£1.6m).
The Home Secretary Theresa May has announced new measures to make it harder for migrants to stay in the UK.
In a packed auditorium in the centre of the French capital, Paris, one of the first women to speak out against the European Union was Jean-Marie Le Pen.
World number one Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 win over qualifier Stephen O'Brien.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former Barnsley goalkeeper who died at the age of 93.
The UK's only member-owned energy supplier has been ordered to pay out £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable levels of service".
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg took the lead from Lewis Hamilton at the start of the Malaysian Grand Prix.
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found in a ditch in Carlisle.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has signed a new contract with the Premier League champions.
Volkswagen has been ordered to recall more than 500,000 diesel cars in the US amid a global emissions scandal.
Defender James Samson has signed a new two-year contract with St Mirren.
Andy Murray's wife Kim is expecting their first child, according to BBC Scotland.
Paris St-Germain are in talks with Premiership bosses about switching to the Super Rugby competition next season.
A time capsule dating back more than 100 years has been uncovered during work to replace a bridge.
Virtual reality is coming to the big screens in the world of gaming.
A Chinese woman who claimed she was "divorced because of her fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has said he is concerned about US President-elect Donald Trump's plan to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in Dalkeith, County Antrim.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction has been announced.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Cabinet minister Chris Huhne should not have been given a pass to the Houses of Parliament, a former MP has said.
A worker was contaminated with radiation at Devonport Royal Dockyard, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing seven boys in Nottinghamshire.
Microsoft is launching an education service for schools.
Republic of Ireland manager Michael O'Neill says he is "happy to stay on" as manager of the Republic of Ireland.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for players before the transfer window closes.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said the bank would be "better off out in the short to medium term" if the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The European Council's chief Brexit negotiator has told the BBC he will not start parallel talks on the UK's exit from the EU.
Two teenagers and a 15-year-old boy have been charged in connection with a knife attack in Dumbarton.
A fire at a former pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as suspicious.
The number of bespoke essay writing sites offering students bespoke academic papers is "no place in the UK higher education sector", a watchdog has said.
A cousin of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group sent a photograph of a police officer walking away from a car park, a court has heard.
Councillors have approved the installation of two poles at Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire links course.
Is the Iraqi city of Mosul under the control of so-called Islamic State (IS)?
Mame Biram Diouf scored the only goal of the game as Chelsea came from behind to draw with Stoke.
A man and a woman have been charged over the death of a man at a Dorset park.
The first acts have been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in North Lanarkshire.
Almost half of Scotland's high street banks are to close by the end of the year, according to new research.
The UK is set to become the first country in the world to impose new capital controls on its banks.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter, helped by a pick-up in industrial output, official figures show.
A woman has died after being hit by a lorry in Torry.
Mainland Chinese shares traded higher on Monday after the country's trade data showed its exports fell more than expected in March.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation within 50 days.
Police have released CCTV images of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault in Bournemouth.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have clashed in the build-up to their heavyweight title fight on Saturday.
Two climbers who went missing while climbing one of Europe's highest peaks have been found safe and well.
Parents could soon be able to tell their children to slow down if they go over the speed limit.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in northern Spain.
Kent have appointed Peter Kennedy as their new manager on a two-year deal.
An MP from India's ruling Shiv Sena party has been banned from all flights operated by the country's airlines.
More than 100 people have been killed in a gun attack on a school in the French capital, Paris.
Boris Johnson's relationship with US President Donald Trump has been one of the most volatile in recent years.
Obese teenagers are three times more likely to develop a bowel tumour than those who are overweight, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said the party is "in danger of not asking the right questions" about its future.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory.
Hassan Rouhani is Iran's new President.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has paid tribute to his father, who died at the age of 90.
Urgent care units at three hospitals in North Tyneside and Hexham have been closed overnight to deal with a "very high demand" in day-time admissions.
When Vladimir Putin was elected president of Russia in 2012, he was the first president to be elected in the country's history.
The average commute to and from work in London is the longest in the UK, according to a study by the TUC.
All pets found on the roads in Wales should have their microchips scanned, campaigners have said.
The "digital revolution" is sweeping across the globe.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is close to signing a new contract with the Premier League champions.
One of the UK's biggest retailers, Brantano, has gone into administration.
A man has admitted killing his parents in County Londonderry.
Borussia Dortmund were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final in Berlin.
A council has been told it cannot publish the full report into a teenager's suicide attempt.
Google has released the first draft of its next version of its Android operating system.
The Berlin Philharmonic board has failed to reach a decision on its next chief conductor.
St Peter's of Londonderry and St Mary's of Wexford will meet in the MacRory Cup final after a 2-14 to 1-12 semi-final win on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Barnet boss Kevin Waddock as their new manager.
The big six energy suppliers have announced that they will introduce a cap on the amount of energy they charge.
The 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro will be one of the biggest sporting events in the world.
A man has been left in an induced coma after being stabbed in the groin.
Argentine voters have voted in a second round of presidential elections, with the winner likely to face a rival in a run-off.
UKIP is on course to make a "breakthrough" in Wales and Scotland, the party's leader Nigel Farage has said.
Plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal have been criticised by a heritage group.
Bristol City have signed former Charlton Athletic and Shrimpers striker Josh McShane on a two-year deal.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol have been backed by the city council.
Police in Colombia are searching for a man who has been hiding in a pair of huts for five years.
A hole in the ground at one of Scotland's most picturesque golf courses has been repaired.
Tesco, the UK's biggest supermarket chain, has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profits after taking legal costs.
League One side Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Ryan Oliver on loan until the end of the season.
A Polish journalist has been ordered to leave Russia within 30 days because of a row over his cat.
The United Nations has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using "excessive force" against protesters during the country's anti-government protests.
New pictures have been released of three of the world's most advanced Earth observation satellites - DMC3 and TripleSat-3.
A World War Two veteran who was shot in the shoulder during the Normandy landings has been awarded France's highest military honour.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed former MK Dons striker Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Plans to cut the number of Welsh councils are "not an option", the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
Exeter fly-half Joe Launchbury has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to a dangerous tackle.
Iran has banned the use of social media apps such as Twitter and Facebook.
Olympic sailing champion Ben Ainslie has signed a new deal with JP Morgan to compete in the America's Cup.
Image-based passwords are likely to be stronger than text-based ones, say security researchers.
A man has died after being stabbed outside a bar in Grimsby.
China has condemned Japan's controversial new defence laws, saying they violate the country's pacifist constitution.
Rafael Benitez's reign as Chelsea interim manager came to an end with a goalless draw at home to Southampton, who missed the chance to go top of the Premier League.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's one-day series against Sri Lanka in June with a knee injury.
A fossil found in a museum in Dorset has been named Ichthyosaurus anningae, in honour of a British fossil hunter.
Scotland's Laura Archibald won gold in the women's individual pursuit at the European Track Cycling Championships in London.
More than four million fans attended Scottish League One matches last season, according to new figures.
Plans to transform Alexandra Palace into a cultural centre have been announced by the government.
A sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in the Vale of Glamorgan in South Africa.
A "significant proportion" of applications to register to vote in the general election are likely to have been duplicates, a watchdog has said.
Leicester Force won the British Basketball League Play-offs for the first time in their history by beating Manchester Giants in the final round.
Josh Matavesi's late drop-goal earned Ospreys a narrow European Champions Cup draw with Racing 92.
More than 11,000 Christmas cards have been sent to a terminally ill six-year-old boy in the USA.
Fifa has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the UK government said the economy was growing faster than expected.
A Dundee woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock on BBC One's The One Show.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has appointed Ventura as his successor as Italy coach.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she will never let her son go.
Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient midfielder Christophe Atangana on a two-year deal.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is "not far off cementing his place in the side" after being recalled for the first Test against Sri Lanka.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in Australia charged with the murder of a Melbourne University student.
Imagine being sent to school with a list of things you'd like to write about.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup with a knee injury.
The World Cup was the most popular search term of 2014, according to Google users.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Cattle says his side's second-half display in their European Challenge Cup win over Mennaye was "disjointed".
A woman with a rare form of chronic fatigue syndrome is planning to marry her fiance.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a re-evaluation of all contacts with the United Nations after the UN voted to condemn Israeli settlements.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the constitution by disqualifying former President Antonis Paksas from running for election in 2004.
Arsenal returned to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Watford.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of Wales on Monday.
The number of miscarriages in the UK has risen by more than 50% in the past five years, according to a new report.
Cerberus, the US fund behind the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, has said it was "as good as their word" in getting access to the Northern Ireland Executive.
Ayr United extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Championship to seven points with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Scotland's former first minister Jack McConnell has admitted he fell down a drain during a visit to Malawi in 2005.
A third inmate has died in custody at Elmley Prison, the Prison Association has said.
A man who fooled prison staff into thinking he was a court clerk has been jailed for eight years.
Two senior police officers have been paid more than £51,000 in pension payments, the public spending watchdog has said.
A driver caught doing 51mph in a 30mph zone on a motorway has been banned from driving for life.
The UK government has said it will make concessions to EU nationals living in the UK after the country voted to leave the EU.
Former EastEnders actress Helen Mirren has died.
Virtual reality (VR) is a form of virtual reality that can be used to explore the world around you.
University students in Wales are more satisfied with their university experience than ever before, according to a survey.
More than 1,000 people have attended the Cologne carnival in the wake of sexual assaults on women in the city on New Year's Eve.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly have been criticised for their expenses.
A black woman has claimed she was refused entry to a nightclub in Nottingham because of her skin colour.
The number of young people in foster care in Scotland is rising, according to a new study.
Three "musketeers" who tackled a burglar and arrested him have been given bravery awards by police.
EU nationals living in London should be eligible for a visa to stay in the UK after Brexit, according to a report by the London Chamber of Commerce.
Derby County captain Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pay.
Translink has lifted a suspension on its new £12.2m train from Belfast to Londonderry.
Indonesia's Islamic clerics have issued a fatwa calling for a ban on underage marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the suspension of the country's national team because of a lack of food and medicine.
Boris Johnson has said there is "no reason" for the UK to pay for access to the EU's single market.
The Rock am Ring music festival in Germany has been cancelled, organisers have said.
India's parliament has passed a controversial bill to toughen the punishment for juvenile offenders who commit crimes against children.
Three men have appeared in court charged with the murder of 16-year-old Becky Watts, whose body was found in a flat in Bristol.
The mother of a teenager who was pulled off an EasyJet flight after being allocated a different seat has called for an overhaul of the airline's flight booking system.
The head of a polio charity has paid tribute to a woman who campaigned for a vaccine against the disease 50 years ago.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
The site of a former coal mine in Gedling National Park has been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to enforce the law during loyalist flag protests in 2012.
Labour leader Ed Balls has said his party's spending plans are "more ambitious" than the Conservatives'.
A man has been arrested after another man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in North Yorkshire.
Probation service staff should consider referring prisoners who breach their licence conditions to a probation-approved premises following re-release, a report has said.
Somerset's County Championship match against Lancashire has been abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than 1.8 million schools in England are under-performing, according to the latest GCSE results.
A woman is taking legal action against a council after she painted her house in red and white stripes.
The US Department of Defence has announced it will recall nearly all of its civilian employees as part of a partial government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be sold for meat in a bid to save the breed from extinction, a charity has said.
Latam airlines have suspended all flights to and from Venezuela because of currency controls.
Five men have been charged with causing the deaths of four teenagers in a crash in Wakefield.
Spanish police have arrested a member of the Pink Panther jewellery gang, who they say carried out a series of armed robberies in Barcelona.
Rochdale secured their first League One win of the season with a 3-2 victory over 10-man Scunthorpe.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on Wednesday on a contract to repair the council's roads and bridges.
Radhika Menon is the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy.
England's final-day defeat by India in the third Test in Chennai was one of the most devastating defeats in the history of cricket.
Kids in the UK have voted on whether it's better to help bullies or punish them.
Surrey captain Mark Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Cameroon reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a comfortable win over Germany.
The Royal Navy's new frigates and destroyers will be stationed in Portsmouth as part of a £1bn defence investment, the defence secretary has said.
Siemens Mobility has been awarded a contract to manufacture trains for the high-speed HS2 rail line from Birmingham to Crewe.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be worth about £15m, BBC Scotland understands.
Labour MP Harriet Harman has said that if the UK voted to leave the European Union, women's rights would be in jeopardy.
A woman has admitted setting her pet dog on a woman in Aberdeen.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after two teenagers were killed in a crash in Monmouthshire.
Sixteen players have been named in England's squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The woolly mammoth may have been the last refuge of modern species on the brink of extinction.
Sir John Johnson, who was best known for his roles in Deadlier Than the Male and Some Girls Do, has died at the age of 91.
A woman has been raped in Glasgow city centre.
The names of more than 100 soldiers who trained in Wiltshire during World War One have been revealed in a dig.
A mosaic of bulbs has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the bloodiest air strikes of World War Two.
Restaurants in a Kent town are to be banned from serving takeaways within 400m of a school.
Lego has ended its promotional relationship with the Daily Mail, following a campaign by a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate.
A drug that can kill HIV has been developed by scientists at the University of California, Davis.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin from the dark net was motivated by watching the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto, promising to create a "well, well-educated and wealthier Wales".
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says he is in talks with four or five international players to join the club next season.
Greece captain Andreas Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Jack Baird's last-minute strike gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A'mad scientist' has become the first person in the world to perform a Monster Jam stunt.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a rally in Motherwell and Clydebridge calling for the future of the two steel plants to be secured.
YouTube vloggers have been told their videos should not be labelled as adverts.
The family of a 12-year-old boy who was removed from mainstream schooling because of a lack of places for him to go to school have said they are concerned about the situation.
Ukraine's opposition leaders have signed a deal with the government of President Viktor Yanukovych to restore the country's constitution.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Laurent Sanguinetti looks at Australia's politics.
A major police investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has uncovered evidence of "systemic, serious sexual and physical abuse", it has emerged.
Police are investigating the death of a man at a hotel in Edinburgh.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and scrum-half Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the tour with injuries.
Championship side Lech Poznan have signed Reading defender Tomas Rakels on loan until the end of the season.
Lana Del Rey doesn't look like a fan.
Violence between black and white communities continues to escalate in the United States.
Ofsted says it has found 15 unregistered schools providing at least 20 hours a week of lessons.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way on Wednesday, with Chelsea Ladies and Manchester City Ladies both in contention for the title.
Slovenian tennis player Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the season.
A woman who lost her job because she had a disabled child has been awarded £10,000 in damages.
It's a new, if temporary, reality.
Guy Martin has been named as the final entry for the 2016 Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
Leeds United manager Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" in the wake of a protest by fans, says the club's director of football Steve Raynor.
In the middle of London's Hyde Park on Saturday mornings, Victoria Black sat on the floor and stretched her legs.
Former WBA world featherweight champion Charles Dickens has signed a new contract with the Cuban, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 season.
The Irish Heritage Certificate of Irish Heritage will not be available for sale after 24 August, the government has said.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire.
Tony Parker retained his WBO light-welterweight title with a unanimous points victory over Razvan Cojanu.
US President Donald Trump has reversed his stance on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (Nato) during his first day in office.
Jockey Michael McCoy has won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second time in three years.
Ruan Williams has been suspended from rugby union after appearing on a show dressed as a football player.
Vietnamese man Phuc Phuc has said he is "very grateful" for the support he has received after his Facebook account was shut down over his name.
Tesco has agreed to buy the Giraffe restaurant chain for £1.5bn.
A photojournalist who took hundreds of pictures of people in a taxi has said he was "really pleased" with the result.
The bodies of at least 12 migrants have washed up on a Turkish beach after two boats they were in sank in the Mediterranean Sea.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal described his side's second-half display as "Murphy's Law".
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", according to a trade body.
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud at a charity in Cardiff.
Portsmouth owner Michael Eisner has made an offer of £5.67m for the club, BBC Radio Solent understands.
The International Rescue Committee (IRC) has condemned the deaths of two migrants at a camp on the Greek island of Kos.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's most complete stegosauruses.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty to conspiring to cover up the company's emissions scandal in the US.
Infections with viruses, bacteria and parasites are the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the "extremist ideology" that fuels terrorism.
British astronaut Tim Peake says he's looking forward to his return to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 is to introduce a new set of presenters next month.
Eight whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
Three weeks into the Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen, the narrative has changed.
When I first started working on BBC Radio 4's Valentine's Day programme, I had no idea what to do with it.
The maker of Irn Bru has announced plans to cut the sugar content of its soft drinks by more than half by the end of this year.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep one of its board members on the board of the media firm Gawker, amid a long-running dispute over his role.
The London Museum of Technology is trying to rebuild its famous robot Eric.
In the streets of El Salvador's capital, Tegucigalpa, a large billboard has been erected to warn the public that the country's drug cartels are moving in.
UK Sport is to invest £20m in winter sports following the success of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Manchester Storm moved into the Elite League play-off places thanks to a 2-1 win over Belfast Storm.
There should be a criminal investigation into the death of a cyclist, a former MP has said.
A woman arrested on suspicion of preventing the burial of a child murdered by Robert Brady will not face charges, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
Portsmouth came from behind to draw with 10-man Carlisle at Fratton Park.
Scientists have measured the shape of the electron.
It "ill serves the parliamentary process" if comments made in Parliament in breach of court orders are repeated in the press, the government's senior law officer has said.
A student who fell from a school roof and fractured his skull has been awarded £1m in damages after a judge ruled the incident should have been foreseen.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish suffered a crash.
A parking company is facing disciplinary action after a driver was issued with a parking charge notice while still in bed.
Plans for a £1.13bn road improvement project in Glasgow city centre have been unveiled.
A South African band has released a song in protest at the recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a tough week for the Welsh government.
The BBC has been cleared of breaching impartiality guidelines after it published a column criticising grouse-hunting campaigners.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-2 to win the best-of-seven World Series and move closer to a first title in 108 years.
Former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell has launched a fundraising campaign to save her life from terminal lung cancer.
Substitute Leonardo Ulloa scored a late winner as Leicester came from behind to draw with West Ham at the King Power Stadium.
China is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of its biggest exporters.
A street party celebrating the Queen's 90th birthday will be held at Buckingham Palace later this year.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
A US university has developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall.
The idea of a national identity card scheme for foreign nationals has been in the headlines for decades.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the season.
The US has launched an investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland will leave the role at the end of the season to take up the role of New Zealand head coach, says ex-Wales captain Jonathan Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has described former FBI director James Comey as a "leaker".
Liberal Democrat candidate Peter Galloway has been accused of "wasting police time" by tweeting his party's exit poll before the general election.
A road which was closed for more than two years after a landslide has been reopened by Dumfries and Galloway Council.
A new video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at E3 in Los Angeles.
A man who used social media to raise money for a cancer charity has been jailed for eight months.
Australia has appointed Joe Hockey as its ambassador to the United States.
Economy Minister Alasdair Hamilton has submitted a plan to tackle the overspend on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 say they have closed off a number of theories about his death.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell shot a five-under-par 66 to share the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Locks on a bridge are being removed because they are starting to rust.
Lewis Hamilton says he will give it everything he has to win the world title if he loses to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from the River Gannoch in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian city of Victoria say they are investigating a "copycat" of the "killer clown" craze in the US.
Durham Jets' hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast were dented by a rain-affected game against Leicestershire.
India beat South Africa by seven wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
More than three million UK energy customers have switched to a different tariff in the first half of the year, according to official figures.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys in terms of physical activity, a study suggests.
A drug used to treat osteoporosis has been linked to microscopic cracks in the bones of patients who have been taking it for years, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester have been left without power after recent flooding, the company has said.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced it is to stop paying for bus journeys with cash.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside from next season.
Glasgow-based department store chain Marks and Spencer has announced plans to expand its operations to 16 stores across Scotland.
If you're planning to do a lot of things over the next few weeks, then you need a fitness tracker.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has apologised for the way the force handled the Hillsborough disaster 23 years ago.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has been closed for two days after three people died in a crash.
An autonomous underwater vehicle has failed to find any wreckage in the search zone for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
Annan Athletic moved up to second in the Scottish League Two table with a 2-1 win at home to Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Scotland has voted to leave the European Union.
A former head of strings at Manchester's Royal Northern College of Music raped a student, a court has heard.
China has reported a surge in its oil imports from Iran in the first three months of the year.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied that a £39m deal to deal with a fungus disease was lawful.
Councils in England face a £200bn budget shortfall over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
It's been a week of intense debate in Japan about what is acceptable and bad parenting.
It was a rollercoaster week for me.
Mo Farah is one of the most successful young athletes in the world.
UKIP's new leader, Raheem Kassam, has said he wants to sack Nigel Farage if he fails to deliver the party's manifesto.
Deputy First Minister Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland in the wake of the UK's decision to leave the EU will not solve the problem of the Irish border.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a Merseyside man who fought in the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead by a group of men on pedal bikes.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the most famous bridges in the world.
The leader of Pakistan's Balochistan separatist movement has said the Pakistani military has suffered a "moral defeat" in the province.
David Cameron's team have decided to relent on their plan to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
Former Peruvian leader Keiko Fujimori has announced that he will not be allowed to use social media.
Girls aged 12 and 13 should be vaccinated against a sexually transmitted disease, campaigners have said.
A father whose son has been without a sippy cup for three years has been contacted by a manufacturer after a social media appeal.
Tom Cairney scored a late winner as Fulham came from behind to beat Brentford.
Francois Ayrault has been named France's new foreign minister, the Elysee Palace has announced.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sleepwalking after being found unconscious outside his Manchester hotel.
The 2017 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, are getting under way.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Ike Akinfenwa has been suspended for two matches after being sent off in their pre-season game against Le Havre.
A former US congressman, Chaka Fattah, has been found guilty of fraud and money laundering related to his son's student debt.
UK Sport has set a target of winning seven medals at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has said taxpayers in the rest of the UK are "no better or worse off" under his proposals for a new fiscal framework.
Dayle Southwell scored twice as Wycombe Wanderers beat Stevenage to record their first win of the season.
A teenager has been jailed for eight years for the murder of a 16-year-old boy at an Aberdeen school.
Two Northern Ireland rowers have qualified for the final of the European Rowing Championships in Stuttgart.
Venus Williams is being investigated by police in Florida for allegedly violating the right of way of a driver.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Shailesh Tripathi considers the potential of chess boxing in India.
A fund set up to save one of the largest radio telescopes in the Solar System has raised more than $1m (£1.5m) in donations.
Two Scottish Tory MSPs have said they are in favour of the UK remaining in the EU.
A man has been fined for climbing onto the roof of a church in Edinburgh.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal to reinstate leadership elections to the shadow cabinet.
A police force is to classify misogyny as a hate crime.
The BBC's Spotlight poll suggests that a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is the most likely outcome.
An Iranian couple who were sent to Cambodia as part of a deal to resettle refugees in Australia have left the country.
A cafe where the body of murdered schoolgirl April Jones was found has been criticised for a "humorous" sign.
Mohammed Choudary has been jailed for 20 years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A three-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£18bn) in bonds from investors in the US, the highest amount the company has raised in a year.
A Kent hospital trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages and a culture of bullying.
China has expressed "serious concern" about US President-elect Donald Trump's "One China" policy.
A baby hatches centre in China's Guangdong province has been temporarily closed to new babies, its director has said.
A man died after getting into difficulty in the sea while trying to rescue his son, an inquest has heard.
What is the key to keeping a Labour government in power?
The family of a man who went missing while on an expedition in Peru have contacted Interpol.
Peruvian President Otto Humala has said he has begun to lay the groundwork for the "great transformation" most citizens crave.
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor after falling into the sea.
A biker has claimed he was barred from his local pub because of a ban on swearing.
Leeds Rhinos moved up to second in Super League with victory over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Rory McAllister scored a hat-trick as Stenhousemuir beat Livi 2-0 to move up to third in Scottish League Two.
Work to demolish a derelict shopping centre and rebuild it has been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 54 jobs.
The head of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in England and Wales, David McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a joint report recognising their shared beliefs.
A police force failed to act on concerns raised about a dangerous dog which killed a baby girl, a serious case review has found.
England women's manager Mark Sampson has named five players in his squad for the 2017 Women's Euro 2017 squad.
The UK is going to the polls in a referendum on whether to stay or leave the European Union.
Morocco's interior minister has said the turnout in Sunday's presidential election was close to 70% - the lowest for more than a decade.
Kevin Pietersen hit his highest Twenty20 score of the season as South Africa Dolphins beat New Zealand Knights in the Big Bash League.
A group of Northern Ireland politicians has launched a legal challenge to the UK's membership of the European Union.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland is continuing.
The Royal Academy of Fine Arts (RA) is to open a retrospective of paintings by French artist Monet, including a water lily triptych.
The owner of a firework factory which destroyed his business in Southampton has said he is "devastated" by the devastation.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the site of the Shoreham air disaster have been found guilty of misconduct.
Goals from Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani helped Leicester City ease into the second round of the EFL Cup with victory over Sheffield United.
More needs to be done to improve the early warning system for sepsis, the Welsh government has said.
The estranged wife of comedian Robin Williams is seeking items from his estate in a dispute over the contents of her home.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £14,000 in benefits and benefits has been jailed for six months.
British astronaut Luca Maestri has returned to the International Space Station.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK's arms trade with Saudi Arabia is not unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order slumped to a seven-wicket defeat by India A in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
Costa Cruises, the owner of the Costa Concordia cruise ship, has reported better-than-expected profits for the third quarter.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of recreational marijuana, officials say.
A woman who lost her friend in a fire at a chemical plant has been awarded an MBE for her services to the community.
People in Bristol, in the US, have been using vinegar to kill weeds.
Private sector companies would be "foolish" not to help the public sector deal with cuts to public sector spending, a business leader has said.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a concert in Toronto, Canada.
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig came from behind to beat Mainz and go top of the Bundesliga.
The UK will have the fastest broadband network in Europe by 2016, Transport Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to develop a national strategy to improve the quality of HIV testing, say researchers.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says reaching the Euro 2017 finals would be the "most special moment" of her career.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Edinburgh missed out on a European play-off place as they were beaten by Leinster at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "very much in favour" of scrapping the cap on working-age benefits.
Employers should not be subject to "Stasi-style surveillance" at work, business leaders have said.
One of the world's most famous wild cheetahs has been shot dead in Botswana, a conservation group has said.
Adult social care services for the over-65s could be hit by a further £1bn in cuts, according to a survey.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of former Rangers defender Michael McCulloch.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on new players before the January transfer window opens.
Widnes Vikings full-back Chris Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
League One side Latics have signed Bournemouth midfielder Ryan MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has been criticised for failing to ensure patients with degrees of confusion or dementia had the capacity to consent to treatment.
Southampton manager Eddie Friend has been ruled out of the remainder of the Premier League season after collapsing against Bournemouth's dugout.
Belize is one of the most northerly countries in Latin America.
A woman has been cleared of sexual activity with a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for severe forms of epilepsy is being tested in Edinburgh.
Senegalese troops have entered The Gambia in a military operation to oust President Yahya Jammeh.
It is not the first time a school in Northern Ireland has offered free tuition to its pupils.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has clarified that she did not order RTÉ to report details of a debt collector's finances under privilege.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a two-year deal.
Royal Dutch Shell has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
The closure of a major road in Cumbria after Storm Desmond is a "big job to do", a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory at Scunthorpe.
Emergency workers in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, are desperately trying to save the lives of those who have been affected by the devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "worried" about his whereabouts.
Britain's most successful female jockey, Kate Turner, has announced she will retire at the end of the season.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains have been found in the search for a treasure hoard hidden in a New Mexico river.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Londonderry.
How do you become an Under-17 British champion, a Commonwealth Youth Games gold medallist and a world record holder?
Transformers: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row.
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff edge in Hampshire.
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London has appealed for witnesses.
More than £43m of economic impact from hosting the Rugby World Cup has been felt in Newcastle, it has been claimed.
Cardiff City's poor start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been found homes after being left in a cardboard box in a Denbighshire pet shop.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Mansfield.
A man has been jailed for his part in the murder of a man in a park in Newcastle.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Scottish Football Association's performance school coaching scheme is set to continue.
A Monet painting called Nympheas has sold for £31.7m at an auction in New York.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell said he was "not far away, I can feel it clicking".
Drugs giant Pfizer has been accused of abusing its dominant position in the UK market by the competition watchdog.
The semi-autonomous territory of Zanzibar has submitted an application to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Audi will not compete in the electric racing series Formula E in 2018-19, the company has announced.
Two homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a burst water main.
Scottish Labour will stand for the elections with a promise to restore the money Scottish families will lose from the Tory tax rise, Kezia Dugdale has said.
Bristol City will be without injured midfielder Miralem Pjanic until the end of the season.
Iraqi political parties have been vying for power since the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq.
The Met Office has issued a number of weather warnings for high winds across the UK.
A treasure trove of gold coins has been discovered off the coast of Egypt's coastal city of Caesarea.
Former world number one Mark Lindahl has been banned for six months after being found guilty of attempting to fix a match.
The chief executive of British Rail, Sir Richard Beeching, has been paid £24,000 a year, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (ICI).
A new approach to teaching GCSEs has been introduced at a college in Coventry.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found abandoned in a street in Londonderry.
A Singaporean couple's wedding photo shoot inspired by the death of their undertaker has gone viral on social media.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Huddersfield and Birmingham played out a draw at The Hive.
Downton Abbey star Sarah Johnston is to join the cast of the fifth series of the BBC One drama Masterpiece.
Oil prices have fallen below $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
Wolfsburg striker Christian Bendtner has been fined for failing to turn up to training on time.
A World War Two teleprinter that was used to break the German cipher code has been found in a shed in Southend.
Wales and India are to share the heritage of the performing arts in a series of new projects.
An academy chain in Yorkshire has been criticised by the education watchdog for failing to meet standards.
Bournemouth have signed former Napoli defender Florian Reveillere on a two-year deal.
Russia's security service has proposed restricting public access to the country's state property registry, in a bid to tackle corruption.
Nato and Russia have held "deep and persistent differences" in their approach to the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the Nato secretary-general has said.
Mobile phone technology is to be installed at two prisons in Dumfries and Galloway, Justice Secretary Angus MacAskill has announced.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the US state of Louisiana after severe flooding.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, calling it "barbaric".
Plans for a new golf course in Sutherland have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Google has announced plans to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence of a Mesolithic shelter at a site near Stonehenge.
A chronology of key events:1 July -
Christian Benteke has rejected a move to Crystal Palace.
The family of a 90-year-old Scottish woman who has been living in Australia for more than two years have said they fear she could be deported.
A shoe shop in County Tyrone has been flooded and several vehicles damaged in heavy rain.
A new task force has been set up to help save the Fraserburgh steelworks.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
A newborn baby has been found dead at a bus stop in Conwy county.
The return of Hearts to the Scottish Professional Football League will create "as much tension" in the Championship this season as it did last season, says the club's director of football Doncaster.
There is "no limit" to the amount of money Welsh universities can receive from the government, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Ronny Luzon says he is not worried about his side's relegation from the Championship.
The Chinese government is using a "toolbox" of coercive tactics to punish foreign companies, according to former government minister Michael McGregor.
As Wales prepare to face England in the Euro 2016 semi-finals, we take a look back at some of the biggest moments in the team's history.
More than half of working families in England would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by Shelter.
The number of people using contactless payments in the UK reached a record high last year, according to industry figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces have made progress in their battle to retake the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), a military spokesman has said.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City Ladies as they drew with Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Annual inflation in the UK fell to 0.1% in the three months to January, according to official figures.
Dylan Davies and Hannah Hermitage both won gold medals at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Rome, with David Devine and Hannah Weir also claiming golds.
Plans to reduce the height of a hairpin bend on the A9 at Berriedale Braes have been approved by the Scottish government.
Sheffield Wednesday manager Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" signing Yids Yiadom until the player's future is "solved".
The Welsh government has been accused of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on a "foolish" poster campaign to promote the Metro project.
Sean O'Brien will make his first start for Ireland in Saturday's Six Nations match against Scotland at Murrayfield.
MPs have criticised the BBC for not investing enough in the Midlands.
Astronomers have discovered the most distant object in the Solar System.
Don't buy a bouquet of roses.
England thrashed New Zealand by 17 points in the second Test to claim their first win over the world's best team.
The Open Artificial Intelligence (AI) project has raised $1bn (Â£1.2bn) in funding from a range of high-profile figures.
Scotland came from behind to beat Georgia in the Six Nations opener at Murrayfield.
Conor O'Shea is to leave Harlequins at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting in the general election has risen sharply in the past year, according to a new survey.
The founder of one of the world's leading chamber orchestras, Sir Neville Chamberlain, has died at the age of 90.
In the end, the World Championships was the greatest of all nights.
A man has died after a two-car crash in Bangor, County Down.
The Irish government has banned the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland.
Bournemouth manager Mark Hughes says he is considering a move for Giannelli Imbula.
A man has died after his car hit a lorry in Kent.
A body has been recovered from the sea off the coast of Cornwall, police have said.
Japanese electronic musician Muramasa Sengo has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016.
There was a sense of relief on the streets of Tel Aviv after the results of Israel's parliamentary elections were announced.
The average daily commute to and from work in the UK has reached a record high, according to official figures.
The route between Barra and Glasgow is one of the world's most scenic airports.
Work has begun on a new road crossing in the centre of Glasgow.
Tributes have been paid to three people who were killed in the Manchester Arena attack on 22 May.
Plans for a Garden Bridge in south London have been approved after a deal was reached.
A collection of sculptures created by the late Dame Zaha Hadid at Chatsworth Gardens has gone on display.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a mass murder on Remembrance Sunday.
It was a year of mourning for the arts in Northern Ireland.
Tate's new director, Nicholas Serota, has announced that he is to leave the institution at the end of the year.
The summer transfer window has closed in England and the Scottish Premiership.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to impose parking restrictions on a road around Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has said he is "optimistic" that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) will be reached.
Sister Nirmala Devi, who took over the running of a charity run by the late Mother Teresa, has died at the age of 85.
Sunderland goalkeeper Hannah Laws has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has never called for a veto over a future Brexit deal.
The Co-operative Bank, which was put up for sale last year, has said it is in talks with a group of existing investors on a possible recapitalisation.
When we arrived in the Afghan capital, Kabul, we were greeted by the sound of a rusty digger.
A railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after being closed due to flooding.
A dog born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
A letter written by John Lennon is to be auctioned in April.
It's a familiar refrain in the Conservative Party: "If you want to keep the party together, keep it together."
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Former Scotland captain Darren Wilson says the captaincy of Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland is probably the biggest honour in football.
A rescue boat has been taken to the Greek island of Lesbos by students who had been volunteering at a college in south Wales.
Police in the US state of Missouri have used tear gas to disperse protesters who were protesting against a curfew imposed after the killing of a black teenager.
Brazil is one of the world's most heavily-forested countries.
New Pro12 teams will be "brutal" when they travel to South Africa for the first time, according to former Wales coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced that he has nationalised a Spanish-owned power company.
Yum Brands, the parent company of KFC, has reported better-than-expected sales in China.
Residents of a Sheerwater estate in Woking are to be asked to give their views on plans to regenerate the area.
Workers have been evacuated from a nuclear power plant in Aberdeenshire after it caught fire.
Black voters in the US city of Ferguson have voted to elect a new mayor and police and crime commissioner.
Trade union leaders have called for a "winter of discontent" in response to government cuts to public services.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins has won the men's road race at the Road World Championships for the fourth time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the impact of Asia on the developing world.
Two men have been charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney, Australian police say.
A council leader has said he has "to take some responsibility" for the failure of a council to repay a £10m loan to a football club.
Millennials born in the 1980s are likely to struggle to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age, according to a new report.
A Star Wars-themed collection of photographs has been created using the Firth of Forth for offshore oil rigs.
Indian Wells tournament director Ray Moore has stepped down after calling for women to get more prize money.
Richard Cockerill has left his role as Leicester Tigers head coach by mutual consent.
A court in New York has ordered the trial of Hank Greenberg, the former chief executive of the sub-prime mortgage firm, over fraud charges.
Mark Trescothick's double century helped Somerset fight back against Nottinghamshire on day two at Taunton.
A Newport-based turkey processing company has been fined £250,000 after it was found to be operating in "unhygienic conditions".
A police officer who rescued a man who fell from a fire escape has been awarded a bravery award.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will find a way to fix the emissions problems in its diesel cars.
Ollie Norburn's late goal earned Macclesfield a 3-2 win at Chester.
Sri Lanka's cricket authorities have launched an investigation after two players turned down a bookmaker's offer to play in a World Twenty20 match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for the first time in his career.
Premier League football matches will be shown live on Sky Sports for the first time this season.
The two main parties in the Republic of Ireland are trying to reach an agreement on the future of water charges.
Blackburn Rovers have extended the loan spell of former Wolves striker James Mackie until the end of the season.
A baby albino deer has been born in Australia.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a family of 12 from Luton who are believed to have travelled to Syria.
Plans for a new gondola line linking Cardiff Bay and the city centre have been unveiled by the Welsh Government.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it should pay compensation to a former loyalist.
US President Donald Trump has said former President Barack Obama "choked" when it came to Russian meddling in the election.
A football club has been accused of breaking into a social club after a "horrible scraping noise" was heard from the ground.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two Turkish newspapers, one of which supports the governing AK Party, in Istanbul, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who sued a Carmarthenshire council leader for defamation has had her case against him dropped.
An Emirates mid-air flight from Dubai to Hong Kong has been forced to make an emergency landing in Hong Kong after thieves stole watches.
The leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party has said his mandate will be to reform the European Union.
A man who was deported from the UK because his parents had been married has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation.
The boss of a financial services firm has been fined £450 by the City watchdog for failing to pay the full fare on a London-bound train.
Five former foreign secretaries have called on David Cameron to tackle corruption in Russia during his visit to Moscow.
Jake Cassidy's first-half header earned Hartlepool a draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not redesign its Arak nuclear reactor until a final agreement is reached, the country's energy minister has said.
It is 70 years since the death of Private John Parr, the youngest soldier to die fighting in World War One.
David Haye says he will take "whatever punishment I need to" after being warned by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) over his comments about Tony Bellew.
The battle to save British retailer BHS from the brink of collapse has reached a critical juncture.
South African steelworkers have begun a two-day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Two Americans and a Briton have been awarded the French Legion d'honneur for their bravery in the fight against a gunman on a train in Paris.
A major road in the Borders is to be closed for a year as part of a flood protection scheme.
A deal to create a Combined Authority for the Isle of Wight has been rejected by the government, the BBC has learned.
Burnley have signed Middlesbrough striker Vincent de Roon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The coffin of Prime Minister David Cameron has been restored to its former stately home in Shropshire.
The chief medical officer at London's Liberty Road Practice has said he is "disappointed" by the number of patients who have been admitted to hospital over the festive period.
Ikea has recalled a beach chair after it was found to be prone to falls and injuries.
India's central banks have begun using indelible ink to stop people from exchanging big bank notes.
Former American football star Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of head trauma.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into their home in Fairlie, Strathclyde.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25.
Nigeria Aluko's late goal rescued a point for relegation-threatened Hull as they came from behind to beat Nottingham Forest.
Scientists have produced functional stem cells to treat type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew was sent off in the first half of the 2-2 draw with Watford as the Premier League leaders were held to a draw.
Lyle Stevenson says Hibernian have a squad that can compete at the top end of the Scottish Premiership.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Hannah Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Pakistan has denied bail to an Afghan woman who was dubbed the "Afghan girl" on the cover of the magazine Cover of the Year.
The invention of the ShakerScope is one of the great inventions of the 20th Century.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been unveiled by Oxfordshire County Council.
Newcastle United have signed Dutch full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord for an undisclosed fee.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a missing 14-year-old girl from Greater Manchester.
A 15-year-old girl who went missing in Cleveland has been found safe and well, police have said.
The vicar of St Mary with All Souls has accused the Church of England of promoting policies and practices which are discriminatory against LGBTI people.
Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as Scotland prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen have signed right-back Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan deal.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 4-2 in the opening game of their Elite League double-header.
"It's like seeing the end of the world," said Hassan Mohammed, pointing to the beach at Lido beach in the centre of the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare has been declared a saint in the Catholic Church in Albania.
A retrospective of works by Henri Matisse has been described as "a masterpiece" by critics ahead of its opening at Tate Modern.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United assistant manager was suspended from her job because of her relationship with the club's head coach, a tribunal has heard.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who tried to stop people from blocking the view of others at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager after the club's relegation from the Premier League.
The closure of Ceredigion Council's only remaining residential home is "inappropriate and inadequate", a union has said.
The US space agency's Juno probe has captured its first clear view of Jupiter.
"When it comes to data, there is no clear cut."
A Wigan biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire-based firm has revealed how £2.3m of donations went towards the collapse of its Zano prototype project.
Malaysian police say they have foiled a plot by Islamic State (IS) militants to attack a restaurant in the capital, Kuala Lumpur.
Bulgaria and New York are in the race to be the next United Nations secretary-general.
Italian police say they have arrested more than 100 people in an anti-terrorism operation.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) soldier whose medals were stolen from his car has said he was "surprised" by the reaction online.
Irish author and former Man Booker Prize winner James Crace is among the 21 authors nominated for this year's international prize for fiction.
A Leicestershire museum has been saved from closure.
Olivier Walcott's late goal gave Arsenal victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed inexperience in sub-continent conditions as they lost the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
It's 30 years since the Zeebrugge ferry capsized in the English Channel.
Volunteers are helping to save the lives of hundreds of juvenile bats in Northern Ireland.
A man has been stabbed in broad daylight at a south London railway station.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
Three pupils at Londonderry school have been suspended after a small amount of cannabis was found on property.
Queens Park Rangers made it two wins from two in the Championship with victory over Leeds United.
Five men have appeared in court accused of misconduct over allegations that a police helicopter was used for inappropriate filming.
Microsoft has unveiled a video game-playing app for its Xbox 360 and Windows 8 handhelds.
The Scottish Premier League season gets under way on Sunday.
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport have been suspended after a drone was spotted circling over the south coast.
A prominent Bahraini human rights activist, Abdulhadi al-Rajab, has been released from prison after serving more than 600 days.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to nine points with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
A public-private consortium has emerged as the frontrunner for a £1.2bn contract to provide end-of-life care in Staffordshire.
A memorial to Jersey's soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in Jersey.
Exeter Chiefs maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A full and independent review is to be carried out into allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Congo reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 1-1 draw with Burkina Faso.
A writer-activist in India has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two planes have collided in the US city of Detroit.
The number of Scots seeking work rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to official figures.
A woman who created a snow product for Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been offered a full-time job with the firm.
The number of mental health patients discharged from hospital in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
A schoolgirl with a rare form of bone cancer has been given the go-ahead to start treatment on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's pre-season friendly against MK Dons has been postponed because of illness.
Tributes have been paid to conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, who has died at the age of 92.
A company has been fined £1,000 after faults led to the evacuation of hundreds of homes in Poole and Reading.
If you walk into the University of Groningen in Wiltshire, you might notice a graffiti.
The Ulster-Scots language was first spoken in the Republic of Ireland in the 18th Century.
A 72-year-old woman who was kidnapped in California last month has been found safe and well, police say.
The New York City Council has approved a bill to force topless street performers to work in certain areas of Times Square.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a mental health hospital has said he has been "forced" to stay.
Some private clinics in England are not telling women they have a high chance of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
Wales is to become the first part of the UK to encourage more people to take up walking and cycling.
There are a number of groups in the Republican Party that want to elect Barack Obama as president.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in the Snowdon Race, the world's biggest mountain bike race.
The Commons leader, Sir Kevin Spacey, has said he is considering whether he breached House of Commons rules by using parliamentary facilities for personal or business use.
Shares in China's Weibo, the country's biggest social media platform, have risen more than 20% after the company's initial public offering.
It's been a busy week for the Wheelchair Basketball team in Yorkshire.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow.
The US territory of Guam has been the target of a series of threats from North Korea.
A British diver who was due to face trial in Malta over the deaths of two friends has had his charges dropped.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a rise in oil prices.
Protesters in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have taken to the streets to protest against new anti-government laws.
Rory McIlroy insists Europe are not a one-man team.
Four men have been charged in connection with a robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Online retailer Amazon has been accused of paying millions of pounds of tax in the UK by the UK's tax authorities.
As Europe struggles to cope with the migrant crisis, families across the continent are struggling to find the bodies of their loved ones.
It was supposed to be one of the greatest comeback stories of all time.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election to the House of Commons in May.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust is due to hold talks with the club's new owners.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a 20-year-old woman in a crash in Gwynedd.
Wales manager Roy Hodgson says Gareth Bale has no doubts about his side's patriotism ahead of their Euro 2016 match against England.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said Labour leader Ed Miliband is going to make a speech on the Unite union dispute.
Theresa May has dismissed reports that she and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker clashed over Brexit as "bloody difficult".
Former Livingston and Livingston midfielder Scott Martin has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent.
The chief executive of the Association of Motor Racing Circuit Owners has said he is "surprised and concerned" about claims about the size of the proposed Circuit of Wales.
Southampton County Council is planning to cut 195 jobs over the next two years.
Ballymena United moved up to second in the Scottish League Two table with victory over Elgin City.
Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-19 international defender Ben James on loan until the end of the season.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been found dead at a house in Bradford.
Hull City defender Callum Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The family of a teenage girl who was sexually assaulted and asphyxiated have said they are "shocked" her death was not monitored.
At least 20 civilians have been killed in a Taliban attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, the Australian TV presenter who has been found guilty of historical child sex abuse, has gone from hero to villain.
The boss of French carmaker PSA Group is to meet the prime minister to discuss the company's proposed takeover of General Motors.
Scotland's largest salmon producer has reported losses of Â£1.4m in the first three months of the year.
An MP is to ask the public spending watchdog to investigate how a business development agency signed a multi-million pound contract with the government in 2005.
Scientists say they have found a new insect repellent that can repel mosquitoes in three minutes.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend at a concert in Cardiff.
When you think of litter, you might think of Apple Corps.
Thousands of homes in Devon have been told to boil their water after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms".
It's been another busy week in the video game industry.
England took a big step towards winning the second Test against Pakistan with a seven-wicket victory in Southampton.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland (JCS) is based in a house in Londonderry.
David Cameron has said a joint UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is still "a work in progress".
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron's private life, has been admitted to hospital in Turkey after suffering septic shock, his publisher has said.
The Taliban have captured the southern Afghan province of Helmand, officials say.
A prison has asked the Justice Secretary to investigate reports of contraband being thrown over its walls.
The first women priests are to be ordained in Wales for the first time, the Church in Wales has announced.
Councillors are being asked to approve the cost of a £1.5m flood defence scheme in the Borders.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the SDLP has offered the position of justice minister to the Alliance Party.
The search for the missing crew of a helicopter which crashed off the coast of County Galway has resumed.
Thousands of people have attended the world's largest open air music festival in China.
Britain's all-amputee rowers have become the first team to row an ocean.
Scotland has become the first country in the world to deploy a fully operational tidal array, according to a new report.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley from Rotherham United for an undisclosed fee.
Two German men have claimed to have found a Nazi military train buried in the ground near a Polish city.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to six players, including midfielder Mark Darby.
Kate Balshaw, the new director of the Tate in London, says the institution is "a third of the way down the road".
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has said it is investigating claims that it hacked the email account of former director John Brennan.
The robots are taking part in this year's RoboCup - the world's biggest artificial intelligence competition.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Former Major League Soccer star Abby Wambach has been charged with drink-driving in the US state of Oregon.
Spain's Alberto Contador won stage one of the Criterium du Dauphine as Britain's Chris Froome finished second.
Teachers in the UK are spending more time in the classroom than their counterparts in other industrialised countries, according to a report by the OECD.
Relatives of 24 Malaysians killed by British soldiers in Malaya have lost their appeal against a decision not to hold an independent inquiry.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Anders Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have been forced to cancel a gig in Glasgow because of safety concerns.
Schools in England are failing to meet the requirements of the country's school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator.
Tottenham moved three points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Swansea City.
Celtic captain Scott Brown says his side have let themselves down by failing to produce the results they should have.
Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid defender Jese on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
If you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, you probably don't get much of a mention in the front pages.
Russia has begun military exercises in the southern military district of the country, amid growing tensions over the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
An ambulance support worker who posted offensive and derogatory comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off.
The Israeli navy has intercepted a boat carrying Palestinian activists in the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Leaders of Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning on the eve of the general election.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer, mesothelioma, are to be eligible for a compensation fund, the government has announced.
Blackburn's Championship survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Championship strugglers Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have signed former Shrewsbury Town striker Chris Barnett on a two-year deal.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to the country after more than a year in exile.
(Close): Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) fell by more than 4% in early trade on Wednesday, dragged down by the FTSE 100.
A man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
The number of people in Wales who have no religion has fallen by 14 percentage points in the past five years, according to the 2011 census.
French Resistance leader Raymond Aubrac, who escaped from the Gestapo during World War Two, has died at the age of 87.
Nigerian police have arrested three men suspected of having gay sex, reports say.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Leeds Rhinos and move back to the top of Super League.
Milton Keynes Dons are one of the most successful football clubs in the country.
Councils across Scotland have pledged to take in Syrian refugees immediately, according to the charity Cosla.
Ronny Shinnie's late winner gave Aberdeen victory over Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie.
Police in Canada say they are investigating an incident in which a police helicopter was overheard discussing sex.
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a friend to death in Nottingham.
Defending champion Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Italian Open with a straight-set win over Fabio Fognini.
A man has been arrested in Germany in connection with an attack on a Borussia Dortmund football team bus.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil for a black man who died after being tackled by police.
Gillingham have appointed former boss Paul Pennock as their new manager on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Police in India have sent 11 Muslim men to jail for allegedly cheering for Pakistan in the World Cup final.
Turkey's defence minister has said he hopes the Islamic State (IS) militant group will be "endured" in its fight against the militants.
The US Army Corps of Engineers will not grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota, activists say.
An alpaca that was mauled to death by a dog in the New Forest has been named.
The family of a prisoner who died after a bomb attack at a prison have said they are "devastated and beyond shock".
A man accused of murdering a man outside Tonik in Aberdeen was "highly drunk", a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has backed Gareth Southgate to succeed him as England manager.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has lost his appeal against his red card in the 2-2 draw with Celtic on Saturday.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term hipster in a joke about a fire in which a number of businesses were destroyed.
Two men have admitted attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club (GCFC) has announced plans to build a new stadium in the Sudmeadow area of the city.
Police are investigating a visit by Britain First members to a Cardiff mosque.
Archaeologists in Iraq have created 3D images of artefacts that have been destroyed in the country's civil war.
More needs to be done to tackle the problem of underage drinking in Wales, a report has said.
Excavations are under way on one of the world's most famous shipwrecks.
As West Ham prepare to move to a new stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon, BBC Radio London looks at some of the businesses that will be affected by the move.
Shrien Dewani, the British man accused of murdering his wife in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK to South Africa.
Palliative care for terminally-ill patients is costing the NHS more than £30m a year, according to a new report.
England's final-day collapse in the final Test against South Africa ended in a draw.
Scientists have released the first detailed images of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has unveiled a plan to give teachers a protected status in the country's penal code.
American golfer Lee Allenby says he was robbed at knifepoint in a park in Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "difficult" challenge when they face Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Saturday, says former manager John Miller.
The former leader of al-Qaeda, Abdul Fattah al-Bahri, has died, Yemeni officials say.
The Calbuco volcano in Chile has erupted again, spewing ash and rock into the sky over the town of Cochamo.
The Republican Party in North Carolina has narrowly defeated two candidates associated with the tea party movement in the state's primary election.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college under a former principal, it has emerged.
The chief constable of North Wales Police has warned it faces a "significant challenge" to save money.
The leader of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, has posted a video on social media threatening to kill a prominent opposition figure.
The Belfast Giants secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 4-2 victory over the Belfast Giants at the SSE Arena on Saturday night.
The Russian state-run Novaya Gazeta newspaper has published a resolution criticising its reporting on human rights abuses in Chechnya.
Actor Harrison Ford has said he is "very happy" with the script for a new Star Wars film.
James Anderson became the first England bowler to take 300 Test wickets as he took a career-best 237 in the second Test against Pakistan.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced the closure of 100 branches across the UK, with the loss of 9,000 jobs.
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced a $1.5bn (£1.6bn) deal to buy a US-based pharmaceutical company for $1bn.
A poster featuring the words "Independence calls for its bravest man" has been sold for £300 at auction in Denbighshire.
The first round of qualifying for the 2017 FA Cup is set to take place at Wembley on Saturday.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Michael Shatter, has been embroiled in a number of controversies over the past few years.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Gaby Ohene has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
A gym has been criticised after it posted a poster on its website urging people to "save yourself" from fat people.
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in stopping secondary breast cancer spreading to the bone.
Chelsea referee Mark Clattenburg has been cleared of racially abusing midfielder John Obi Mikel.
Gary Neville scored the only goal of the game as Barcelona beat Valencia to reach the Copa del Rey final.
It's one of China's most famous folk tales, and it's getting a reboot in Australia and New Zealand.
Two cels of Walt Disney's best-loved film have sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A man who posted a mugshot of himself on social media in an attempt to trace him has not turned himself in to police.
Britain's Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko are in talks to fight for the WBA and WBO world heavyweight titles, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a man who was blinded by the setting sun, a court has heard.
Qatar is failing to do enough to tackle migrant labour abuses, Amnesty International (AI) has said in a report.
Pictures of some of Scotland's canals have been captured using a new camera system.
Lenovo has said it is "deeply investigating" an adware that has been installed on some of its computers.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in seven years in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
Italian police say they have arrested four teenagers suspected of carrying out a series of robberies in Milan in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
A Turkish fighter jet has crashed near the Syrian border, killing all 224 on board, Turkish officials say.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will take his case to the Supreme Court to challenge the election results.
Kirsty Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales cruised to a 3-0 win over Kazakhstan in their opening Women's Euro 2017 qualifier.
Playboy magazine has announced that it is shutting down.
Matt Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Macklin in Belfast.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, one of India's most popular politicians, has died at the age of 86.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned the force faces "far worse" cuts than he expected.
A newly established population of critically endangered yellow crested cockatoos has been established in Hong Kong, a study suggests.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue his work despite a new law barring him from office.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep a small office in the home of late leader Hugo Chavez.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square to celebrate the death of Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
Stem cells from the biliary duct could be used to regenerate the liver of patients with severe liver failure, according to Edinburgh researchers.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £2m if they fail to comply with agreed service targets.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
The 60th anniversary of the Mauthausen concentration camp in Bavaria has been marked by a scandal.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £5m to traders affected by a ban on the export of live animals.
Livi Town moved out of the Scottish League Two relegation zone with victory over Stenhousemuir.
A 78-year-old pianist has been reunited with his old bandmates at a care home.
Scientists have analysed the DNA of a 45,000-year-old man who was close to the ancestor of modern humans.
Syrian opposition leaders have met in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country.
Police in Madrid have used baton charges to disperse a crowd of Leicester City fans in the centre of the city centre.
Some schools in Wales are using early entry as a way of "gaming" the GCSE qualification system, a senior civil servant has said.
Two 15-year-old girls in Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a girl who was stabbed to death in the woods in 2014.
The first of the 21 schoolgirls to be freed from Boko Haram captivity in Nigeria has been found in the north-eastern state of Borno state.
A man has died after falling ill at a house in north London.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, as it continues to struggle with its nuclear business.
Sly & The Family Stone were one of the most influential pop groups of the 1970s.
It's not every day that we watch The Voice.
The new series of Geordie Shore has revealed that the housemates were "more accepting" of gay and bisexual people.
The West Midlands tram network is to return to the streets of Wolverhampton for the first time in more than 50 years.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in contention for the title despite Mercedes' reliability problems in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
More than a year ago, Japan was hit by one of the most powerful earthquakes in recorded history.
Former Celtic and Chelsea midfielder Mohamed Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of driving while banned.
North Korea has denied it caused the death of a US student who has been in a coma for more than a year, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook hit his first Test century of the season as England drew with St Kitts & Nevis in a one-day international in Southampton.
Welshman Dan Evans retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Chris Ormond in Cardiff.
Protesters have blocked the entrance to the Welsh language society's headquarters in Conwy county in a protest against the Welsh government's handling of the language.
Football Association chairman Nigel Thompson has called on HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to review the tax affairs of footballers and entertainers.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Chris Gurney says he is "optimistic" about his future after being relegated from Division Two of the County Championship.
The Conservative Party has announced it will not be fielding any candidates in the Cornwall general election.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a house fire in Dorset.
A memorial service has been held for former rugby league player David Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people who have been protesting against the labour bill.
Tributes have been paid to MP Jo Cox, who has been shot dead in Parliament.
More than £100m is to be given to the housing sector in Wales, the government has announced.
Chelsea were held to a draw by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
Monty Python star Mike Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Prince of Wales wrote to Tony Blair urging him to consider a cull of badgers in England, according to newly released documents.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car on the M4 in County Armagh.
Russian chess grandmaster Carlsen has beaten American Sergey Karjakin to win the World Chess Championship for the first time.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership has said he wants to "save our country from a Tory government".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two baby otters have been born at a zoo in the US.
National Natural Resources Wales (NRW) broke EU state aid rules by awarding contracts to a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a disease, the auditor general has said.
A £26.7m project to revamp the Victoria Palace Theatre has been given the go-ahead by the government.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at Pittodrie beyond the end of the season.
Donald Trump has said he would be in jail if he won the US presidential election if he were in charge of the law.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated beyond belief" after his side were held to a goalless draw by Hamilton Academical.
A council has warned the public about the dangers of eating shellfish after levels of bacteria were found in waters off the coast of Argyll.
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's six-match ban for betting on football has been extended.
A nightclub tycoon has been jailed for life for killing his father in a "momentary aberration born of a life experience".
Chinese social media users are praising a police dog handler who has set up a retirement home for his retired dogs.
A mother who died after being cared for at a hospital in Morecambe was told she was ill, a misconduct hearing has heard.
There has been a "dramatic increase" in the number of leatherback turtles reported off the coast of Wales, according to conservationists.
An American Airlines plane has crashed at Miami International Airport, killing all on board, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered the finance minister to set up a contingency plan in the event of a national emergency.
More than 250 London Underground ticket offices are to close in a bid to save £50m over the next five years.
A man has been charged over an attack on a woman outside a supermarket in Milton Keynes.
Johannes Jung has become the first Briton to win the Badminton Horse Trials with victory in the cross-country event.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger."
A former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (£120,000) to a children's hospital in Rome, a hospital official has said.
Meet Charlie Brown, Snoopy and Woodstock.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Nigeria's presidential candidates, Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan, are vying to become the next president of the country.
Essex director of cricket Steve Silverwood says winning the County Championship title would be the "holy grail" of their career.
In the wake of the EU referendum, there is a sense of inevitability.
A corn snake which was found in a van in Bridgend county has been rescued by the RSPCA.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in defeat as Ryan John-Lewis' second-half goal secured victory over Exeter City.
Robbie Simpson scored a hat-trick as Exeter eased to victory over Crewe in the League Two play-off final.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 91, his family has announced.
The Independent newspaper's website has been infected with malware designed to subvert adverts.
Colombia's Josaia Ibarguen won gold in the women's high jump at the Rio Olympics.
An ancient weir dating back 1,000 years has been uncovered by archaeologists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the decision by the US to strike a Russian airbase in Syria.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a bomb was found at a house in south London.
A metal detectorist has said he is "delighted" to have discovered a treasure worth more than £100,000.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is hopeful he will be fit to face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at The Hawthorns.
England began their Six Nations campaign with a comfortable victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to help his dad find work after he said he could not get a job at Aldi.
A charity that campaigns against the use of asbestos in the workplace has said it will not take legal action against Highland Council.
Liverpool's mayor has outlined plans to save £90m over the next five years by cutting services, including adult social care and child care.
A football fan group is to hold a public vote on whether to reintroduce safe standing in England's top flight.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been jailed for eight months.
Tommy Rowe's late goal gave Doncaster victory over Colchester in League Two.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
French centrist Emmanuel Macron has announced he will not stand in the run-off for the presidency in April's presidential election.
Karen Gillan has been cast as the villain in the new Jumanji film.
Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Championships.
A man who admitted downloading child pornography has been spared jail.
An exhibition celebrating the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles in World War One is being opened at a castle in Powys.
Police in the US have issued a warrant for the arrest of a man who posed as James Brown on the run.
Belgian prosecutors have named a machete-wielding attacker who killed two policewomen in a suburb of Brussels.
UBS has been placed under official investigation in France over allegations of tax evasion.
More than half of London's families are paying out "poor or very poor value for money" from renting, according to a report by the charity Shelter.
The number of children's social workers in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Retailer B&M has reported a drop in sales for the first three months of the year as shoppers continue to spend with value retailers.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced plans to change the way it patents medicines.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has paid £5.3m to the parents of a six-year-old girl who suffered severe mental health problems due to hypoxia.
It's that time of year again when the stars of quiz show Monkmania are taking to the airwaves.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of secondary schools in England, says Ofsted.
An independent review has said it is "very worried" about the handling of postal ballots.
Oscar-nominated actor Darryl Phoenix has said he "never want to have that experience again" as he prepares for his next film.
A man has admitted killing a construction worker in a street brawl in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side must focus on the Premier League after conceding three goals in their last two games.
Great Britain won the men's 4x200m relay at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car at speeds of up to 57mph has been removed from his job.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a police station in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after it paid £560m to settle claims in the US and Canada.
The world premiere of the new movie Minions has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor Barack Obama is behind a surge in military spending.
More than a third of staff at Queen's University in Belfast believe senior leaders provide "effective leadership", according to a survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit money laundering after a safe was found at a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being put at risk by a "toxic" working environment and a lack of mental health support, a report says.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news" for Welsh rugby, says former Wales captain Scott Williams.
London is celebrating its 150th birthday this year, with a series of events taking place across the city.
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers says he wants to be a pop star.
A teenager who was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) has married his girlfriend.
An Australian politician has called for a four-day working week.
Great Britain's Sam Burnell described the decision to strip him of his Olympic gold medal in the men's 10m platform as "ridiculous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Martin Rudolph says the club are ready to start their County Championship campaign with a win against Leicestershire on Friday.
Ford has reported better-than-expected profits in the first three months of the year, helped by a strong performance in Europe.
A former Morgan Stanley banker has told a court he murdered a police officer because he wanted to "explore some extreme fantasies".
Leeds United have parted company with owner Francesco Cellino.
A council is considering a rise in council tax in a bid to save £580,000 over the next financial year.
Spain's Socialist Party (PSOE) leader has lost a confidence vote in the lower house of parliament.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players are "gutted" by their defeat by New Zealand in Dunedin.
Two ambulances have been involved in a collision with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Polish football federation president Mateusz Pohorecki says he is proud of the country's success at Euro 2012.
Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson for not attending a briefing on the situation in Syria.
A new cross-border rail link between the Scottish Borders and the south of England is "vital", a report has said.
A campaign group has welcomed the decision by the British Transport Commission (BRC) to award a contract to build a new section of the Forth Road Bridge.
Over the next few years, we will be seeing more and more of the use of smartphones, tablets, tablets and smartphones.
A steam-packet vessel has collided with the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier, causing severe disruption to ferry services.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a new series of This is England '90, the BBC has announced.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair an independent review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Julius Indongo at the Hydro in Belfast.
In the shadow of the Mourne mountains in County Down, a group of Syrian refugees is working to repair crumbling stone walls.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fire in Fraserburgh.
A man believed to be involved in an attempted abduction at RAF Marham was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the sea off the coast of South Korea, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's finance committee has warned of a "significant level of complexity" to the Scottish government's budget process.
The European Space Agency has launched a new system that will allow Earth observation satellites to communicate in real time.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a comfortable victory over Hull FC.
Plans to build 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed by more than a year.
Soldiers in Afghanistan have complained about the weight of a new body armour system.
Rangers have signed Stoke City striker Josh Gordon on loan until the end of the season.
A troupe of elves have been threatened with an airgun after being attacked by a gang of teenagers dressed as elves.
A march to protest against the prosecution of ex-soldiers accused of involvement in Bloody Sunday has been postponed.
Jersey's former Premier League footballer Paul Le Saux says he still does not believe there are gay footballers in the profession.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a Roman town in Bournemouth.
A charity has said it is "overwhelmed" by the number of deaf and hard of hearing jobseekers in Wales.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will "never stop a player from leaving", even if it is to a rival.
The SNP and the Scottish Liberal Democrats could raise more than £1bn a year if they follow UK government tax plans, a think-tank has said.
The former chief executive of Japanese camera firm Kikukawa has pleaded guilty to accounting irregularities that led to the collapse of the firm.
A court in Egypt has ordered the retrial of three journalists convicted of spreading false news about the Muslim Brotherhood.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in west London.
Saracens lock George Kruis has been ruled out of England's autumn Test series against Argentina.
At least one person has died in Burkina Faso from a mosquito-borne disease, the World Health Organization says.
Plans for a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece international defender Dimitrios Bouchalakis on a two-year deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike in eastern Syria, activists say.
The founder of a school for young people with learning disabilities in County Down has been honoured with a BBC Music Day award.
A hospital is trying to recruit more than 1,000 nurses to help it cope with a shortage of in-patients.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a knife attack in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather has told Conor McGregor he will knock him out inside four rounds if he wins their super-fight on Saturday.
David Cameron has changed the rules on inheritance tax.
Hundreds of people have turned on the lights at a church damaged by floods.
The US has charged seven Iranian nationals with hacking into the computers of major US companies.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage Brighton & Hove Albion striker Jordan Roberts on a season-long loan deal.
A former lecture block at Swansea University is to undergo a major revamp.
Employers have become the first in the UK to offer automatic enrolment into their workplace pension pots.
A man has been given a suspended jail sentence for starting a fire at a former seaside resort.
Fleetwood Town have signed Bristol City striker Alex Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has announced the start of the torch relay for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At least seven people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
A police rattle has been unveiled in Surrey to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a detective who tackled some of the worst crimes of the Victorian age.
Three nurses who falsified patients' blood glucose records have been jailed.
A judge in Brazil has temporarily halted work on a controversial hydroelectric dam in the Amazon rainforest.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the declining numbers of the Little Tern.
A baby pine marten has been born in Wales for the first time in more than a century.
A drugs mule who was jailed in Peru after being caught with cocaine has arrived in the UK.
A dog is to be used as a mascot for the government's new workplace pension scheme.
A man accused of murdering an 87-year-old woman told police he feared "jumping off a cliff" while searching for her body, a court has heard.
A live performance of Donizetti was interrupted by a fire alarm at the Royal Opera House in London.
Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, has died in hospital.
Brendan Foley once said: "Straight over a fella."
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi-fi is running as fast as it should.
Graeme McDowell missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a final round of three-over-par 72.
A team of surgeons has developed a 3D printer which they hope could be used to reconstruct human parts.
The uninhabited Pacific islands of Palau lie off the coast of Indonesia.
Napoli moved three points clear at the top of Serie A with a comfortable win over AC Milan.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have been given credit for their hit Uptown Funk by the Recording Industry Association of America (RCA).
China will never close its "open door" to the outside world, President Xi Jinping has said, amid growing concern about the state of the economy.
A councillor has criticised Coca-Cola for opening a sugar-free sweet shop in Leicester.
A police force has been criticised for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who stabbed his children to death.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar, police say.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed in the fighting between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, the United Nations says.
Great Britain's sporting teams have set a new Olympic medal target for Rio 2016.
The rollout of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England has been delayed until the end of 2017.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a stabbing in Birmingham.
If you like the first week of the general election campaign, or if you don't like the second, you're in for a mixed bag.
A new water tariff is being launched to help people struggling to pay their bills.
Aston Villa manager Raymond Garde is expected to make his first start of the season on Saturday.
Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a two-year deal.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Martin McGuinness, has called for an investigation into the burial of hundreds of babies and young children.
The mastermind of the Hatton Garden raid has admitted hiding a stash of stolen jewellery and precious stones in a cemetery.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of "fatbergs" in London's sewers.
Valve has announced plans to change the way games are published on its Steam service, in a bid to discourage unscrupulous developers from submitting bad games.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying for the country's intelligence services.
Former TV presenter Jimmy Clifford has denied sexually assaulting a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of India.
Conor McGregor has clashed with Floyd Mayweather during a pre-fight press conference ahead of their bout in Las Vegas.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood during a break-in at his home.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's 4x100m relay squad for the World Championships in February.
Two men who died in an explosion at an RAF base in Norfolk died of carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
A 17th Century stone house that inspired the novel The French Lieutenant's Woman is to open to the public for the first time.
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history by beating Leeds United at Anfield.
West Ham United have been told they will have to pay council rent of up to £2.5m a year for the refurbishment of the Olympic Stadium.
The Prince of Wales has described the scale of religious persecution around the world as "outrageous beyond all belief".
Schools in England are to receive a basic level of per pupil funding from the government, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
The chancellor, George Osborne, has announced a series of tax increases for the next five years.
When I first met Henry Blofeld on BBC Radio 4's Today Programme, it was easy to see why he was such an integral part of the commentary box.
Real Madrid moved into the top four of La Liga with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's provincial government has passed a law recognising the right of Hindu women to marry.
Harlequins have signed fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from French Top 14 side Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
More than 3,000 people have been forced to flee their homes in Guatemala after a volcano erupted, officials say.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that could help predict how well an individual is ageing.
A Pembrokeshire woman who was injured in the Manchester bomb attack was lucky to be alive, her husband has said.
Russia has said a Turkish air strike on the rebel-held town of al-Bab in northern Syria was a "total accident".
A plan to reorganise hospitals in Merseyside and Cheshire has been criticised by councillors.
Two diesel vessels have been rescued from the Dart estuary after they ran aground.
A woman has died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains train for more than two hours have said they were told they had trespassed.
Four former soldiers have been jailed for conspiring to import guns and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering their nine-year-old daughter.
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber-attacks.
The future of the Hoover pension scheme could be decided in the next few weeks, BBC Wales understands.
A man in his 20s has been found dead in a street in Londonderry.
A woman has died and two others have been injured in a crash involving two cars in East Lothian.
"If there is one thing we can hope for from Brexit, it is a seamless approach between the UK and the EU."
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the UK government wants to work with Europe to get a "good deal" for Wales.
Scientists have produced 3D-printed cartilage from a rabbit's ear.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by the owner of Humberside Airport.
"On a Monday morning I went to work on the floor of the London Stock Exchange," says David Haynes.
Crawley Town have signed former Crawley Town midfielder Bobson Jones on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Durham University and Newcastle University have taken part in the annual Boat Race.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships have entered the English Channel.
All images courtesy of Dronestagram.
West Ham have signed striker Adebayo Emenike from Turkish side Besiktas on a season-long loan deal.
Thieves have smashed a cash machine with a dumper truck and stole £1,000 worth of cash.
England will begin their defence of the World Taekwondo Championship in China on Friday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her "beautiful girl".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
French prosecutors say they hope to reach the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps on Monday.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of a US pastor who had been barred from entering the country because of his views on homosexuality.
Scarlets will not be holding back the signing of Wales wing Liam Williams from the Scarlets until the end of the season.
Drax Campbell has spent most of his career in the Premier League, but on Saturday he will return to the Championship.
Plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland have been tabled at Holyrood.
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has announced that the Northern Ireland Executive will grant extra borrowing powers to the Civil Service.
Ross County have signed former Shrewsbury Town midfielder Jim O'Brien for an undisclosed fee.
Maria Sharapova's interview with David Beckham at the ATP World Tour Finals in London has sparked a global debate about who is a god.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two boys at a care home.
The Welsh Parliament should be renamed the Welsh Parliament, the Welsh Government has said.
Alun Cairns has described his first cabinet meeting with David Cameron as "quite dignified".
Plans for a new £1.3bn creative hub in Swansea Bay have been criticised by council leaders.
A new breed of honey bee has been found to be more effective at fighting a deadly disease.
A council has offered to settle a dispute over plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joanna Lumley looks back on Muhammad Ali's life.
When Rob Smith left Leeds Rhinos at the end of the 2008 season, he was one of the biggest names in rugby league history.
A Lebanese judge has ordered the release of two Australian children who were allegedly kidnapped in a "child recovery" operation, reports say.
Scientists at Cardiff University have developed computer algorithms that can identify cancer cells in a population of previously unseen cells.
Harlequins have signed Leinster scrum-half Ben Harris-Wright on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A driver who caused the deaths of a grandfather and his wife by not braking at all has been jailed for eight years.
The number of new house enquiries fell by more than a third in the UK last month, according to surveyors.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said the "days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over, as the country grapples with huge debts.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has been sent off in their European Champions Cup second-round tie against Toulon on Sunday.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey may have been concealed by a third party, a court has heard.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's 200m freestyle at the European Aquatics Championships in London.
Plans for two new homes in Londonderry have been unveiled.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after an 18-month battle with cancer.
Malaysian palm oil firm Olam has been accused of buying 99% of its product from third party suppliers that are responsible for the annual haze caused by land clearing fires.
It is not unusual for a Labour peer to speak at a conference in Lhasa.
A shark has been found washed up on a beach in County Antrim.
A new theory has suggested that the world's oceans are being held up by a slow-moving current.
What do you do when the transfer window closes?
A council has been ordered to pay Â£5,000 compensation to a family whose homes were destroyed by a landslip.
Alexis Sanchez scored a late penalty as Arsenal beat Hull to move up to third in the Premier League.
Facebook has removed hundreds of pages belonging to convicted child sex offenders from the site, the BBC has found.
Aaron Ramsey scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season as Arsenal eased to victory over 10-man Norwich at Carrow Road.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as their new director of cricket, following a review of the club's coaching structure.
South Africa would "love" Keaton Jennings to play in the final Test against England, says England coach Steve Smith.
The Bank of England and the Prudential Regulation Authority are to start investigations into former HBOS senior managers, the City regulator has said.
NHS Lothian has suspended a member of staff after a woman was contacted on social media by a man who said he had checked her out while she was in hospital.
Philippine troops say they have regained control of the city of Marawi, which was seized by Islamist militants last week.
The RMT union has accused Southern rail of "targeted harassment" after the company took out a series of social media adverts in support of strike action.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a light aircraft crashed into a tree in Edinburgh.
A rapist who was jailed for raping a woman in Cardiff has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed Shiv Thakor from Leicestershire for an undisclosed fee.
Two Polish police officers have been deployed to a town where a man was killed by a single punch.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, the BBC looks at the implications for expats living in Australia.
An athletics club has been told it cannot use Windsor Great Park for training because of its lack of lighting.
Singer Ellie Goulding is to play four more shows at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Ben Eden scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford inflicted a first defeat of the season on bottom side Leigh Centurions.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last five years, new figures show.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, to protest against the killing of a black man by police.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride festival.
The trial of five men accused of the 2005 assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened in The Hague.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been denied parole for the second time in less than a year, his lawyer has said.
A 15-year-old boy who was left paralysed after falling from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff has told Newsbeat he is "lucky to have survived".
A South Sudanese band has called on people to forgive each other, in a bid to bring peace to the country.
Brazilian director Fernando Babenco, who directed the Oscar-nominated film Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 74.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can move faster than the previous generation.
Ed Sheeran has donated his wardrobe to charity.
The head of Tanzania's health ministry has been accused of spreading rumours about homosexuality on social media.
An 81-year-old man has died after being found in the sea off the west coast of Scotland.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham & Redbridge.
Six people have been arrested after disorder at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested after a man was killed in a crash in Sheffield.
Northern Ireland striker Jack Washington says he is "lucky" to be in the right place at the right time in his career.
A £1.6m revamp of a historic manor hall has opened to the public.
A man and his wife have become the first couple to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed the world's biggest arms trade treaty, saying it is a "new chapter in our collective efforts to reduce human suffering".
The Great Manchester Run has been given the go-ahead by the city council to take place this weekend.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was killed in a crash.
Essex spinner Steven Harmer says he will probably never take more than 28 wickets in two games again.
A public inquiry into prisoner education and training is to be launched by the justice secretary.
In the history of Latin America, there have been a number of dictatorships.
A group of Dutch students are working together to develop a hydrogen-fueled bus.
A jockey who was found asleep at the wheel of his car while over the drink-drive limit has been banned from driving for three years.
Swansea council is to demolish a derelict nightclub and build a new civic centre in the city centre.
A dog has been found with its claws " forcibly and traumatically" removed from a road in Kent.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks have signed Moldovan forward Vadimobilas from Bordeaux on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United have signed Tom Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
UK mortgage approvals rose to a five-year high in July, helped by a rise in remortgage approvals, according to official figures.
The father and son of a woman accused of her murder in Pakistan have appeared in court charged with her murder.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) digital assistant.
HGV drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the French Open with a straight-set win over France's Pierre-Hugues Herbert.
Former defence minister Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in Nigeria charged with fraud and money laundering.
Police are searching for a father and his three children who went missing on Friday morning.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the Bundesliga.
Voting has begun in the general election in Cheshire.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against the world's top hockey players at the Hockey World League in London.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take ecstasy pills with the "superman" logo on them.
Swedish economist Anders Holmstrom and US economist David Hart have been awarded the Nobel economics prize.
A cold snap has hit Italy, with temperatures expected to fall as low as -6C (17F) in some parts of the country.
The European Atomic Energy Agency (AZ) is to carry out a major research project into the human genome.
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a new stand at the club's Franklin's Gardens ground.
Lambing season is coming to an end in north Wales.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in Londonderry.
Bottles of whisky from a shipwreck which was used in the film Whisky Galore have been sold at auction.
A police force has been accused of "sexual stereotyping" after a sandcastle depicting a murder victim was mocked on social media.
The UK's decision to leave the European Union has divided opinion in the Baltic states, with some commentators calling it a victory for the UK.
The British racing drivers' club has shelved its plans to sell Silverstone Circuit to a private equity firm.
Two glider pilots who took part in the Battle of the Somme have been described as "immensely brave".
Brazil's Rio Tinto has increased its offer to Riversdale, the owner of Australia's biggest steelmaker, to 50% of the stock.
Opposition parties in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called for a referendum on constitutional changes to be held on Sunday.
Leinster have signed Ireland international Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
The family of a five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer have said they are "devastated" after failing to reach a fundraising target for his treatment.
Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman International for $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn).
The EFL Cup third round and the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals have been drawn on Saturday.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jack Lloyd from League Two side AFC Wimbledon for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of a seaside resort in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the government.
A man has been charged with the murder of an Indian-American man and his friend in the US state of Kansas.
Tributes have been paid to TV entertainer Keith Harris at his funeral in Manchester.
Sam Marshall scored a hat-trick of tries as Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Gloucester in the Premiership.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of the people behind fake reviews posted on its Google+ social media accounts.
Merstham Town have been drawn away to League One side Dover Athletic in the first round of the FA Cup.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order allowing the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to investigate faith-based organisations for violating federal tax laws.
A woman who filmed a far-right activist shouting racist abuse at a white nationalist rally has said she feels "too strongly" to be scared.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving at a holiday park.
Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history.
The mother and father of three children who died in the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
North Korea has been invited to co-host the 2018 Winter Olympics by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
A Turkish journalist has been shot dead by a masked gunman during a news conference in the capital, Ankara.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to make the county's Guildhall "self sufficient" after buying it from the Ministry of Justice.
Aung San Suu Kyi has said she is "proud" to be part of this year's Brighton Festival.
Prince George is about to retire from the National Health Service.
The US Senate has voted against ratification of a United Nations treaty on the rights of the disabled.
UKIP's leader has said she is "concerned" by the High Court's ruling that Parliament should be given a vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU.
More than 150,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a national Read Aloud event in a bid to break the world record for the most children reading aloud.
Spain's Felipe Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as Yamaha team-mate Valentino Rossi finished second.
Author JK Rowling has said she is "shocked" by the number of people who have criticised her on Twitter.
The death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti may have been caused by physical or psychological pressure, prosecutors say.
A World War I aerodrome has been given listed status by the government.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder after two men were shot dead.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff and justice courts reached 95% in 2016, according to a new report.
Two horses have been named after Police Scotland's smallest police officer.
A man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a shop in Fife.
Pop star Redfoo has pulled out of this year's MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling at a school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in Egypt for more than two years has been adjourned until 2 August.
A group of farmers who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to meet the Department of the Economy.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that Brexit could lead to the withdrawal of EU students from Northern Ireland.
Hull City have signed Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club record fee of £8m.
Big Ben is to be celebrated on the same day as Victory in Europe Day, according to a YouGov poll.
A new species of wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia.
Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to sign a new contract as England coach after Saturday's final Test defeat by New Zealand.
A convicted rapist has been found guilty of a further three rapes in Australia.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a memorial service for Princess Diana, the Prince of Wales has announced.
Softbank's £24.3bn takeover of British chipmaker ARM is an example of the City's "don't back" attitude towards the UK economy, former Treasury minister Lord Myners has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC's Sound of 2017.
A Canadian company has been charged with animal cruelty over the care of two peacocks and a guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies have reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Women's Premier League.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi ddaeth i'r amlwg fod y pecyn yn ffug ym Manceinion nos Lun.
The owner of a Birmingham-based holiday booking company has said it has become "impossible" to cope with the collapse of the business.
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the coast of Tuscany in 2013, is due to appeal against his sentence.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland remains part of the EU single market.
Lebanon's Gendarmerie has foiled an attempt to smuggle thousands of amphetamine pills into the country, the state news agency NNA says.
Mexican officials have said they will not extradite Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman to the United States.
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of prehistoric people living 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for their conduct in the 2-2 draw with Chelsea on Sunday.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur, called Stegosaurus.
Former Sunderland and Manchester City footballer Lee Johnson has denied sexual activity with a child.
The new South Western rail operator has been accused of failing to provide a guarantee that a second member of staff will be on board its trains.
Scientists have long believed that titanosaurs were able to cross the Earth from South America to Australia 95 million years ago.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has said he is prepared to move jobs out of London if the UK leaves the European Union.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say they have arrested a man in connection with rioting at a Hindu temple in the city of Jammu.
The High Court has agreed to hear evidence in a legal case brought by SNP MP Alistair Carmichael over a leaked memo.
A Braille paving in Hull has been branded "gobbledygook" by a blind and partially sighted man.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the world title.
The PC version of Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed Ryan Rothwell and Harry Maguire from Barnsley for undisclosed fees.
Gay conversion therapy is being banned in the UK, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
A man who was tricked into handing over heroin to police in the US has told the BBC he is concerned about the rise in cybercrime.
A health trust which was placed in special measures after a culture of bullying and low morale among staff has been told it must improve.
Salmon exports to South Korea rose by more than 50% in the first three months of the year, according to the Food and Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
Olympic double sculls silver medallist Sarah Grainger says she is grateful to her parents for giving her the first ever black belt in karate.
At least 28 pilot whales have died after stranding in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his former partner told police she fell and had a knife in her hand during a struggle, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed West Bromwich Albion striker Ben Emmanuel-Thomas on a season-long loan deal.
In the wake of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal, many people have been asking what's the most surprising use for a horse's solarium?
Tyrrell Hatton's Scottish Open victory earned him more than £500,000 in prize money.
England's four-wicket win over Pakistan in the second Test was "as good a four-day cricket as you could wish for", says former captain Michael Vaughan.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Jamie Hamill from Hearts for an undisclosed fee.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win 100 World Cup races.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests" to grant visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens in return for a border-free zone, Michael Gove has said.
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wondered about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has broken down the number of new cars sold in the UK and Spain affected by the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's hotly contested presidential and legislative elections.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned for two matches by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's A&E department is struggling to cope with the pressures of the winter.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle boss Brendan Rodgers has been nominated for the Scottish Premiership manager of the year award.
It was the first time a woman was ordained a bishop in the Church in Wales.
Former paramilitaries who suffered serious injuries during the Troubles should be entitled to a special pension, the BBC has learned.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two people outside Jewish sites.
Norwich City have signed Latics defender Marc Dijks for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he will miss Anglesey when his search and rescue tour of duty comes to an end next month.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
An inquest into the death of a man who was Tasered by North Wales Police has found the force's handling of the incident was "necessary and appropriate".
A man has been arrested in Washington on suspicion of murdering his family and setting fire to their home.
Malaysia's cinema regulator has approved the screening of Disney's Beauty and the Beast remake.
A body has been found in the sea off the Vale of Glamorgan.
Australia Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has said he takes allegations of abuse and abuse against asylum seekers "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for dozens of officials involved in a deadly fire at a nursery in June 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in Wakefield more than 50 years ago.
If you've ever spent a night in a hotel, you'll know the pain.
Iker Casillas and Cesc Fabregas have been recalled to the Spain squad by manager Julen Lopetegui.
Anupam Mukherjee is favourite to win this year's Booker Prize for fiction after being shortlisted for the prize for the first time.
Thousands of people are expected to attend the Tomatina Festival in the town of Londonderry.
A young mako shark which jumped 15ft (6m) off the back of a fishing boat off the coast of Gwynedd has been captured by a team of divers.
A baby gorilla has been captured performing a "dance" at a zoo.
When I was a student at the University of Birmingham I was told to stay inside a hotel.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" of recruitment and retention, according to a union.
A World Cup anthem sung by England footballers during World War Two has been released.
Printers made by some of the world's biggest manufacturers have been targeted by a hacker.
A teenager has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a car in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield moved into the National League play-off places with a comfortable victory at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said it is "too late" for TV election debates to go ahead.
The final phase of the demolition of the "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has been completed.
President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi of Egypt has been sworn in for a second term in office.
Gianfranco Zola's reign as Barnsley manager came to an end with a draw against 10-man Birmingham City.
The Open University (OU) is to use data gathered from its online courses to help identify students who may be struggling.
Birmingham City secured their first win of the Women's Super League One season with a hard-fought win over Wrexham.
The number of people arrested in the US for illegally entering the country has more than doubled in the past year, officials say.
Australian cricketer Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League after comments he made on air about his batting style.
A Brazilian man has been arrested in Italy after police found cocaine with a street value of more than 2m euros (£1.8m) in his suitcase.
The US and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of special forces from the eastern province of Wardak, officials say.
Universities in Wales have "nothing to lose" after the Brexit vote, the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's most important dairy producers.
A Doonhamers concert has been cancelled due to a lack of ticket sales.
Team New Zealand beat Oracle Team Oracle Team USA to win the America's Cup for the first time in their history.
Angel Rangel says Manchester City are looking like the best team in the UK under Pep Guardiola.
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah Matthew both won in straight sets to reach the final of the British Open in Hull.
Nine former employees of a Londonderry-based construction firm are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Highland Hospital has reopened to the public after a norovirus outbreak led to the closure of three wards.
A series of iconic photographs showing the poverty and terrible conditions faced by thousands of children in England 50 years ago are to go on display.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager who was hit by a car.
A ferry which was involved in a collision with a container ship off the coast of Guernsey has returned to service.
A hotel worker has been given a suspended prison sentence after he admitted killing a cat he had penned under a fridge.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to cross-Channel services.
Team Sky are being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad) over the use of banned injections, the BBC understands.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from his mother's Kent home.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" in his English accent, according to University of Manchester researchers.
Former Wales scrum-half Rhys Phillips says he is "hugely surprised" by reports that Racing 92 and Stade Francais are planning to merge.
A new range of emoji flags for the UK has been launched by a campaign group.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Bullying towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) children is on the increase, according to a report by a committee of MSPs.
A council in Aberdeenshire has been contacted by police after receiving an email containing the word Scots Gaelic.
League One side Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player Ryan McShane on a two-year deal.
Three vehicles have been involved in a crash in Dumfries and Galloway.
Coventry City Football Club has been asked by Rugby Borough Council to explain its plans for a new stadium in the city.
Glamorgan director of cricket Mark Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department if they are to win promotion to the County Championship.
Leicester hooker Alun Wyn Jones says he is determined to prove he is good enough for England after having back surgery.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the season as they were beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne.
The home secretary has said it is too early to say whether a commitment to cut net migration to the tens of thousands will be included in the Conservative manifesto.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 11 points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make our United Kingdom work for all our nations.
A blood test could help diagnose early stages of Alzheimer's disease, say researchers.
It's the world's largest cruise ship.
Wales international Hal Robson-Kanu and defender Rio Ferdinand have joined Reading on loan until the end of the season.
A campaign has been launched to save Skegness's Jolly Fisherman from extinction.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he is "delighted" that he has been granted Russian citizenship.
Former world number one Laura Noppert and former world number two Tom Waites will meet in the semi-finals of the Women's British Open at Alexandra Palace on Saturday.
Swansea City have confirmed they are in talks with Rams boss Gary Rowett about the vacant manager's job.
Dundee have appointed former St Mirren boss James McCann as their new manager.
Two Grade II-listed swimming pools have been listed as World Monument Watch sites by the World Monuments Fund.
A chronology of key events:1 July 1953 -
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt" for his parliamentary work after missing a key vote in the Scottish Parliament.
One of the world's largest flowering plants has begun to flower at an Edinburgh garden.
The number of under-18s referred to the NHS for help with gender identity issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivians have voted to allow President Evo Morales to stand for a third term in office.
Fleetwood Town have signed former Blackburn Rovers and Fulham midfielder Richard O'Shea on a two-year deal.
Three riders were disqualified from the Tour de France after being caught by a train as they crossed the finish line.
A series of seismic events in the US state of Washington has been recorded by a seismic recording station.
Fifa's decision to suspend its sponsorship of the 2018 World Cup is a huge blow for the world's biggest sporting brands.
England have been accused of "terribly illegally" scrummaging during their Six Nations match against Wales at Twickenham.
A man accused of punching two guests at a wedding has told a court he was trying to defuse the situation.
Britain's David Coulthard has become the first British rider to win two MotoGP races in the same day.
Nato forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 100 Taliban prisoners, the military says in a statement.
Indonesia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of Southeast Asia's most stable democracies.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales as it continues to struggle to win more shoppers.
A new genetic test has been developed by the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire moved into the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with victory over Glamorgan at Lord's.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
Sri Lanka's military has released new photographs of a seven-year-old boy it says was killed in a conflict with the Tamil Tiger rebels in 2009.
Bayern Munich came from behind to beat Manchester City and reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
A man who killed two women in separate incidents has been jailed for life for their deaths.
The story of the British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa is one of the most captivating stories of its kind.
A Staffordshire hospital has been upgraded to "requires improvement" following an inspection.
Bombay House is one of the most recognisable buildings in the UK.
Deportivo La Coruna boss Pedro Sanchez has left the Spanish club by mutual consent.
Bill Cosby's family has donated $10m (Â£6m) to a women's college in the wake of sexual assault allegations against the comedian.
Former champion Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Rogers Cup.
A woman who died after a lorry crashed into her flat in North Ayrshire has been named.
Three teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a riot in Carmarthenshire left police and motorists "terrified".
Frankie Dettori rode Air Force Blue to victory in the 2000 Guineas at Aintree.
India's government has proposed a law that would ban the publication of "unsanctioned" geospatial information, including maps of the country.
Rory McIlroy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Race to Dubai, as England's Lee Westwood finished 11th.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) says it needs to raise more than £500,000 to buy a portrait of an 18th Century slave.
Public hearings into allegations of historical child abuse against Lord Janner are to be held in March 2017, it has been announced.
Voting has begun in local elections across England.
Palestinians have celebrated the removal of metal detectors from the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem in a show of defiance against Israel.
A six-year-old girl who went missing while visiting a monument in India has been found safe and well.
Three human feet have been found in a park in Bath, police have said.
The first smart motorways to be introduced on the M4 and M5 in England have been unveiled.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for radon gas.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut £1m from its budget over the next three years.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries as Essex dominated day two against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge in a bid to save 1,500 jobs.
Two police forces failed to spot a driver travelling in the wrong direction before he crashed into a van, an inquest has heard.
Linfield secured a place in the second leg of their Champions League second qualifying round tie against Celtic after a goalless draw at La Fiorita.
Plans to create marine protected zones in Wales have been scrapped, the environment minister has said.
Tranmere Rovers winger Paddy Murphy has left the club by mutual consent.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
A man accused of attempting to murder a Sun journalist by throwing acid into his face could have been saved by a neighbour dousing him with water, a court has heard.
Thousands of people are expected to attend a music festival in Dumfries and Galloway later.
The number of women becoming nuns in the UK has "turned a corner", the Church of England has said.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
A British woman who was jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her sentence dismissed.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over non-league Chesham United.
A man who was convicted of murdering a newspaper editor in Derbyshire more than 40 years ago may have been wrongly convicted of her murder, a coroner has said.
A police officer who Tasered a man who killed a woman in a hostel has told an inquest she feared he had staged an incident.
The former head of the Organisation of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a traitor.
A fire station in West Berkshire is to close permanently, the fire authority has confirmed.
If you are a Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged with drugs offences after a 16-year-old girl died after taking a class A substance.
A New Zealand man has won NZ$1m ($1m; £1m) in a bonus bond scheme, according to local media.
Forest Green Rovers have signed 18-year-old striker Ben Davies on a season-long loan from National League side Bury.
Commodities trader Noble has said it expects to make a $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn) loss in the fourth quarter as a result of falling coal prices.
South African police investigating the murder of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius have replaced Det Hilton Botha, the police chief has said.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, Kirsty Williams, is facing a tough challenge in the assembly election.
Nato Secretary General Sir Michael Fallon has called on other members of the alliance to share more of the cost of defence.
An Iranian court has ordered the arrest of eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling, state media report.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won the fourth stage of the Women's Tour as Marianne Vos retained the overall lead.
A man has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Manchester.
A dog seized by police in Cornwall is to be flown to the US after its owner launched a late appeal against a destruction order.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best film at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Emma Pooley is to return to the British Cycling team for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio, aiming to win a gold medal in the women's time trial.
A man has admitted causing the death of a dog walker by dangerous driving.
A man has said he was "disgraced" when he was marched off a London Underground train with wires hanging from his backpack.
Portugal has become the first country in the world to allow descendants of Sephardic Jews to apply for a passport.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a number of charity events in Edinburgh.
Portsmouth secured their place in the League Two play-offs with a comfortable win over AFC Wimbledon.
The number of homicide cases in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 1976, according to new figures.
Super League's top two will meet in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history.
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton scored a sensational pole position at the Italian Grand Prix to move into second place in the Formula 1 championship.
Paralympic runner David Whitehead's 40 marathons in 40 days have gone on display at the National Para-athletics Centre in London.
Jeremy Corbyn has told David Cameron he is "not sure the message has fully got home" as he addressed Labour MPs at Prime Minister's Questions.
Hundreds of crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province in the wake of devastating floods, local media report.
US tycoon Donald Trump has said he will sue the Scottish government over plans for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
The drop-off and pick-up point for coaches in Conwy could be widened to reduce road safety risk, according to councillors.
Ulster Bank has said it has fixed a problem with its payment system that has affected about 600,000 of its customers in the UK.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of involvement in the Berlin truck attack has been released.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says he would be "confident" of taking the club to the Championship play-off final.
Two directors of an arts organisation on the Isle of Argyll have been made redundant due to funding cuts.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (Â£1.3bn) trust fund to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
UK electricity prices could rise by up to 8% under a higher mix of wind and solar power, according to a new report.
In the 1950s, senior doctors in England were offered a contract to keep them in private practice.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a van in Leicester.
Sam Burgess scored a hat-trick of tries as Bath came from behind to beat London Irish and move to the top of the Premiership.
A signed contract signed by the Beatles and their manager George Epstein has sold for £1m at auction in London.
The Israeli military has called up up to 75,000 reservists to defend the city of Tel Aviv from rockets fired from the Gaza Strip.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy has complained to Air Canada about an overbooking problem.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK.
The number of flights taking off and landing at Heathrow Airport is set to hit record levels this summer, the government has said.
The disappearance of Reddit's warrant canary is raising questions about whether the site has received secret government requests for user data.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a selfie contest in India's Haryana state.
Police in Kenya have released CCTV footage showing soldiers looting items from the Westgate shopping centre in the capital, Nairobi.
Hundreds of tonnes of waste have been cleared from the sea following flooding in Norfolk and Suffolk.
A third person has died after contracting flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home.
Flash Gordon actor David Blessed has said he was "natural" to have a baby.
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out a series of attacks on patients has denied telling them they were "on the way to getting cancer".
A team of scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, are on a mission to break the world's longest ice barrier.
Google has reported a net profit of $1.2bn (£1.6bn) for the three months to the end of September, up from $1bn a year earlier.
Jazz Senga won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Royal Ascot for the first time in her career after a thrilling victory over Tivoli.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has welcomed a UN tribunal's demolition of its territorial claims in the South China Sea, saying it is "unlawful".
A Glasgow University student is using 3D scanning technology to help diagnose facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died in a street attack in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been taken over by a private equity group led by Nigel Travis.
Theresa May has been urged to call an early general election for the first time since the 2010 general election.
Staff at a council's headquarters which was badly damaged in a series of arson attacks are to return to work on Monday.
The cost of using private ambulances to respond to 999 calls has more than doubled in the past year, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Liverpool cruised into the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win over Burton.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 against India because of a hamstring injury.
Ipswich Town defender James Taylor says he has no intention of leaving the club, despite being asked to clean his boots by a youngster.
Police have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
National League side Gateshead have signed Newcastle United midfielder Liam Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" news reports that Russian hackers were trying to help him win the election.
Portugal's stock market has risen sharply amid fears that a left-wing coalition government could fall.
Northern Ireland snowboarder Hannah Potter has qualified for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.
Five men have admitted carrying out a robbery at a flat in Fife in which one of the victims was threatened with a gun.
Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on loan until the end of the season.
"I'm the son of John Toshack."
Poorer young people are more likely to be involved in violent crime than their better-off counterparts, according to a study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Jason Jones is a jousting enthusiast, but he is also a bit of a stuntman.
A UK firm has been accused of selling "hundreds of thousands of packets" of raw sprouted seeds in France.
A decision not to award a contract to run a Hartlepool fertility unit has been criticised by a council.
The M42 has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a fatal crash involving a car and a lorry.
The partner of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he cheated on her with "quite a few" other women.
Huge swathes of Britain are now doing worse than their parents' generation, according to a report by the country's social mobility commissioner.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's ballistic missile test, saying it was a violation of a UN Security Council resolution.
A rail magazine has accused Network Rail of "embarrassing fallout" over delays to improvement work on the East Coast Main Line.
Bristol's Andrew Selby will defend his IBF featherweight title against Wales' Chris Norman on Saturday.
Glasgow Warriors lost to Northampton Saints in the Champions Cup quarter-finals at Scotstoun on Saturday.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Chesterfield.
Wales' place-names are being recorded by historians, geographers and linguists across the country.
Labour has launched its Welsh general election campaign with five pledges.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the Para-cycling World Championships in Rio.
A judge is to review the way the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of historical child sex abuse in England and Wales.
Japanese author Kazuo Yanagihara and American author James McCarthy have been shortlisted for this year's Man Booker Prize.
A senior clergyman has resigned from his position as chaplain after a Koran reading at a Glasgow cathedral.
A Norwegian mass killer has complained about the conditions he is being held in solitary confinement, according to leaked documents.
Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 132 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Labour sources close to Jeremy Corbyn say they did not leak a draft of the party's general election manifesto.
A drug that reduces the build-up of amyloid in the brain may be on the verge of being approved for use in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease, say experts.
Northern Ireland's attorney general, John Larkin, should resign, Sinn Féin MLA John McCann has said.
A former Olympic gold medallist has admitted attacking a complainer at a Glasgow supermarket after she criticised his work.
Atletico Madrid clinched the La Liga title with a dramatic draw against Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
A port on the Cromarty Firth is to be used for the construction of the Beatrice Offshore Windfarm.
A man has been imprisoned in Lapland for the murder of his long-term partner.
A Swansea man has been recognised for his contribution to the development of radar technology during World War Two.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been sharing his photographs on social media since he was diagnosed with osteoarthritis.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be planted in the UK.
At least 110 Afghan police officers have been freed from a Taliban base in the north-western province of Helmand province, officials say.
Welsh folk music is one of the oldest and most important traditions in the world.
There has been a rise in the number of patients being discharged from hospital in Wales, according to a new report.
Former Swansea City boss Tony Pulis has been appointed as the new owner of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi captives held by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
Police in Catalonia have arrested two women in connection with a flashmob in the Spanish region of Catalonia on Tuesday.
Who is the best World Cup team of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal, officials say.
The chief executive of one of Wales' biggest community health bodies has been suspended over concerns about media coverage.
The Knights of Malta are one of the world's most prestigious monastic orders, and they are celebrating their 900th anniversary in Rome.
Lizzie Carr, the actress who played Liesl in Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A court in the US has sentenced a man to five years in prison for hacking into the servers of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
What do you think about the top three in the Formula 1 season?
The chief constable of Surrey Police, Cressida Owens, has been accused of "moral cowardice" over her handling of child protection concerns.
The death of a woman at a Cumbrian hospital is being treated as unexplained, a hospital trust has said.
Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Rhys North says he is determined to keep scoring tries for his country.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been released.
A second strike by Caledonian MacBrayne staff in a dispute over a new contract has been called off.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" as they prepare to face Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 semi-finals on Saturday.
At least 104 people have been killed in floods and landslides in northern Thailand, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of links to so-called Islamic State (IS) in a series of raids.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been charged with breaching the Football Association's betting rules.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a flight from Istanbul to London was diverted to Istanbul.
Blackpool chairman David Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a supporter who claimed he was threatened with a gun by the club's chairman.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
A Holiday Inn Express in Aberdeen has been put up for sale after being placed under administration.
Andre Ward will defend his IBF and WBA light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev in Manchester on Saturday.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk harming a system of fair justice, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's entourage has died at the age of 93.
Ospreys secured their place in the Pro12 play-offs with a bonus-point win over Ulster at Kingspan Stadium.
An investigation has been launched after a fire at one of the UK's deepest coal mines left 11 workers missing.
A woman has told a court she felt "dirty and ashamed" after being sexually abused by a man she claims was a "monster".
Essex and Glamorgan will meet in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals in Cardiff on Saturday after both sides made changes to their squads.
Three of the UK's most senior cabinet ministers are travelling to the US and Australia to discuss post-Brexit trade.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lancashire, police have said.
In the fields around Pisky in the east of the Ukrainian city of Donetsk there was a lull in the fighting.
Cardiff Devils are not the bad guys for having to play two games in a row the night before the Challenge Cup final, says head coach Steve Kelman.
Singer Phil Collins has been forced to postpone two shows in London after suffering a cut on his eye.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
The World Snooker Shoot Out has been stripped of its ranking status after a vote of no confidence in the tournament's organisers.
Olympic dressage champion Lizzie Dujardin will compete in the Grand Prix dressage at the Olympia Grand Prix in London on Wednesday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury for trainer Frankie Dettori.
At the end of last month, 19 students from the University of Mexico, known as the Ayotzinapa, went missing.
The National Theatre's director Peter Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the theatre.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week in qualifying for the final qualifying session at the Isle of Man TT.
In the middle of the dale, a small trailer sits on a hillside.
More than 70 jobs have been lost at a London-based restaurant chain which has gone into administration.
Thirteen members of an organised crime gang have been jailed after cocaine with an estimated street value of up to £4.5m was seized.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a student by dangerous driving.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract which would see them get extra payments for working on weekends.
The RSPCA is to review the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Devon and Cornwall.
Volkswagen has been ordered by a court in Germany to resume production at two of its plants in the eastern city of Braunschweig.
The Liberal Democrats would offer free bus travel to young people from the age of 18 if they win power, Deputy PM Nick Clegg has said.
Jos Buttler hit a career-best 116 as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced by the European Commission.
Thousands of hospital staff across the UK are preparing for a festive feast on Christmas Day.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was third fastest in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Pirelli introduced a soft tyre.
The family of an Iraq director who was found dead in a toilet at a Turkish airport have said they are "deeply sceptical" about initial reports.
Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of England's Women's Six Nations campaign because of a knee injury.
A former BBC Radio Leicester DJ has told a court he was "probably too old" to have sex with his ex-girlfriend.
Britain's Chris Froome leads Alberto Contador and Richie Porte in the Criterium du Dauphine after the third stage.
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline ended a run of three straight defeats with victory over Falkirk.
The Electoral Commission has published a booklet urging people to register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten glacier in the south-east of the continent could lose up to 1.5m of sea-level rise if it continues to shrink, a study suggests.
When Richard Nixon announced that he was firing the head of the FBI in the wake of the Watergate scandal, the reaction was swift and furious.
Workers at an offshore drilling company have been told they may have been exposed to radioactive material for hours at a time.
A man has been jailed for life for his role in the murder of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 13 migrants have died after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are still waiting to hear what happened to their daughter.
England's three-match one-day series against Sri Lanka ended in a draw after rain forced the abandonment of the match at Bristol.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Priddle looks at the political implications of devolution.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after former MK Dons boss Paul Robinson was racially abused by a Charlton supporter at the weekend.
Hibernian cruised into the second round of the Scottish Cup with an emphatic victory over Bonnyrigg.
Scotland have signed South African centre George Jones on a deal until the end of the season.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The first woman bishop in the Church of England has been consecrated at a ceremony in York.
Nottinghamshire pace bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the new ball, says England and Wales Cricket Board director of cricket Steve Read.
The Queen of Sealand has died at the age of 90, her family has confirmed.
A Ukulele group has won a legal battle with a German music group.
Plans to introduce a multiplication check for 11-year-olds in England will go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has said.
US President Barack Obama has said an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan may have been carried out by coalition forces.
Crusaders have signed former Belfast City and Londonderry Rovers midfielder Paul McChrystal on a two-year deal.
"It's a miracle that we can extract oil from trees," said Dedel, as he walked along the path of the Seeds of the Forest project.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead striker James Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club.
The internet has exploded in the US over the weekend with the discovery of a huge archive of video games.
MSPs have backed a bill which would allow same-sex weddings to take place in Scotland.
More than £100,000 has been stolen from TalkTalk customers in India, according to three whistleblowers.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Scotland's economy has suffered a "lost decade" under the SNP, according to the country's economy minister.
A woman from Edinburgh has become the first woman in the UK to have her ovary re-implanted after cancer treatment.
Nick Yarris, who spent 23 years on death row in the US, has spoken for the first time about his ordeal.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Marseille Open.
There's a lot to watch out for in the House of Commons this week.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's police force has said the force needs more officers to deal with rising crime.
Curtis has been a Swansea City manager for more than 40 years.
Liverpool's Emre Can scored his first Premier League goal of the season as they beat Manchester City at Vicarage Road.
A study is to be carried out in Scotland to see if it can prevent the development of type-1 diabetes.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
Flipkart, India's biggest online retailer, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in funding from angel investors.
The government has rejected a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the formal process of leaving the EU without the approval of Parliament.
The Greek far-right Golden Dawn party is being investigated by police over an alleged attack on a Greek MP in December.
Alliance Trust has announced that two of its senior executives are to step down from the board.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has said he feels "let down" by the way Team Sky has been portrayed by the media in the wake of an anti-doping investigation.
A protest has been held in Liverpool against plans to set an illegal budget for the city council.
A north-west London school is to close its A-level provision after the government agreed to stop providing post-16 education.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is focused on making the British and Irish Lions squad for the autumn internationals.
Scientists have stitched a protein patch on to the hearts of people who have suffered heart attacks.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is confident midfielder Peter Whittingham will commit his future to the club before the FA Cup.
The BBC Proms is one of the world's most prestigious orchestras, and this year's line-up is no exception.
Former US President Barack Obama is to visit Ireland, the Irish ambassador to the Republic of Ireland has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he would not be on his toes if Paul Pogba had not been featured on social media.
A trial of a drug to treat cervical cancer in Northern Ireland has been launched by Queen's University Belfast.
Gordon Strachan insists there is no "getting away" from Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
The earliest evidence of human occupation of the Americas is 130,000 years old, according to a new study.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce will make his debut for a non-league club on Saturday.
The United Nations has warned that cuts to its peacekeeping budget would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue.
A man who died after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire has been named by police.
Most children in England do not have the freedom to go out alone without supervision, according to a study.
Six police officers have been placed on special measures after a man's fingers were severed in a toilet incident.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable win over Partick Thistle.
More than £2bn in unpaid child maintenance arrears has been declared "uncollectable" by the government.
Comedian Russell Brand has been criticised for tweeting his mobile number and email address to a Daily Mirror reporter.
Israel's general election campaign is one of the most intense in the country's history.
Aberdeen's £9m loan to Lloyds Bank has left the Scottish Premier League without a title sponsor.
A Chinese appeals court has reduced the prison sentence of a prominent journalist convicted of leaking state secrets to a foreign newspaper.
The number of adult mental health patients placed out of care in Cornwall must be cut by 2020/21, the county coroner has said.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his job is the "most interesting job in world football".
The amount of rubbish dumped on beaches in the UK has risen by more than a fifth in the past year, a charity has said.
Portsmouth defender Jack Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
James Graham has revealed he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum.
The latest edition of Celebrity Big Brother drew an average audience of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not seek re-election in the forthcoming general election.
The world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have reached a settlement over the Rio de Janeiro dam disaster.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 aircraft that will reduce the amount of baggage on board.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
A 52-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Tom Latham and Mark Steel both hit centuries as Durham made a strong start to their Championship Division Two campaign against Durham.
Championship side Woking have signed striker Jack Pritchard from League Two rivals Portsmouth for an undisclosed fee and brought in ex-Portsmouth striker Chris Jones on loan.
It has been a good day for the pound.
Two police officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in Belfast more than 30 years ago have been ordered to be named.
A national review of nursery first aid training is to be carried out following the death of a baby, the government has said.
More than 5,000 Syrian refugees have been housed in Welsh councils in the past year, according to official figures.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his 10th Wimbledon title.
A woman who persuaded her husband to take a fatal dose of heroin has been jailed for two years.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Chris Ogogo has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage five of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the race.
World number one Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
A sinkhole has opened up in a residential street, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England are "far off" in their one-day international preparations against India, says former captain Graeme Swann.
Hundreds of jobs are to be axed at a career advice and training organisation in Cardiff, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain's women's team won silver in the mixed team event at the European Swimming Championships in Lillehammer, Lithuania.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Juan Zuniga from Napoli on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Chancellor George Osborne has set out his spending plans for the next four years in his Spending Review.
Daniel Craig has been described as the "best actor to play James Bond".
England all-rounder Chris Northeast hit an unbeaten century as Essex beat Kent by seven wickets in the One-Day Cup at Chelmsford.
Quebec's Muslim community is still reeling from the shooting at a mosque in Quebec City on Monday.
ITV workers have voted to strike in a dispute over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Mott says the club must "show what they have got" this season if they are to avoid relegation from Division Two.
Former deputy prime minister Nick Clegg told the Times in 2014: "We already have higher rates of incarceration than anywhere else in Western Europe."
A woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in Norfolk.
The world is taking the ocean for granted, according to a UN report.
Why is it that George Osborne is now £23bn better off than he was in July?
Tata Steel is considering mothballing part of its plant in Newport with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
At least 55 greyhound puppies have been found dead in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia.
Falkirk defender Tony Houston has dismissed speculation linking him with a move to Sunderland.
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 90, was one of the UK's most recognisable tricksters.
The government and Network Rail have received more than £2m in compensation for rail disruption.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was found stabbed to death in woodland have said they have already heard from more than 220 people.
One of Australia's most senior politicians has revealed that he is suffering from postnatal depression.
A council in Breckland has approved plans to cut the amount of time it takes to have a cigarette.
A student has described the "inhumane" moment a gunman opened fire on a concert hall in Nottingham.
England's hopes of winning the Ashes suffered a major blow as they were bowled out for 263 on day four of the third Test in Melbourne.
An Australian woman has died in Indonesia after being poisoned with cyanide, police say.
Nottingham Forest striker Sean Burke has the potential to "give Usain Bolt a run for his money", according to former Scotland defender John McGovern.
The husband of a woman who was found dead in her flat has been charged with her murder.
A Buddhist monk who killed himself outside a shrine in Sri Lanka on Saturday was planning to kill himself, the government has said.
Japanese firm Hitachi has agreed to buy a nuclear power venture in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
The Scottish Labour Party can no longer turn to the "big beasts" to take it forward, the party's former leader has said.
Chris Pratt's latest film, Jurassic World, has topped the US box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of smuggling cocaine worth more than A$1m (Â£800,000) into the country.
Neymar scored twice as Sevilla came from behind to beat defending champions Barcelona.
Police have appealed for information after a number of items were stolen from a property in Lockerbie.
It was a night to remember for Golden Globe winner Sam Harris.
The UK's withdrawal from the World Trade Organization (WTO) could have a significant impact on the UK's trade relationship with the EU.
Action Man is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the University of Bristol's Great Hall.
Engineers have developed a 3D printing system that mimics the movement of viscous liquid threads.
Roger Federer won the men's doubles at the French Open for the first time with victory over Richard Gasquet in Lille.
Drivers have been warned to take extra care as snow and ice continue to cause travel disruption in parts of Scotland.
Blackpool were held to a goalless draw by Wycombe in League Two.
A man has been discharged from hospital after being shot at a house in Londonderry.
Two toddlers in the US state of South Carolina have been caught on camera trying to drive their mother's car down a dirt road.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in Edinburgh city centre.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the worst air disasters in the history of the United States.
Justice Clarence Thomas has been reported to have asked a question at the US Supreme Court about gun laws.
A US appeals court has ruled that a gay marriage ban in California should not be lifted, after two gay couples launched a legal challenge.
The finance secretary has been criticised by MSPs for refusing to hand over detailed planning information ahead of the Scottish government's Autumn Statement.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has stepped down after three years in charge of the county.
Thousands of people have taken part in a wrestling competition to raise money for charity.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have appealed for information about the circumstances surrounding his death.
Former EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the soap to play Barbara Mitchell, who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Police officers in Northern Ireland are making compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars, the BBC has learned.
A woman who bit a postman in the leg while he was delivering mail in Dumfries has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction.
"The vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
A memorial service has been held in Paris to mark the 130th anniversary of the Paris attacks.
A second MSP has resigned from his seat to stand in a by-election in the Borders.
At least two people have been killed in a train crash in the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
If you want to see some of the world's most famous landmarks, you might want to try Google Earth.
A golfer has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a crocodile on the 11th hole of a golf course.
Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays to celebrate the arrival of Christopher Columbus.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market has continued to fall, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of having a "cunning plan" to deal with Brexit, after the Labour leader made a reference to Edmund Baldrick.
The sequel to the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be made up of two films, Warner Bros has announced.
The co-founder of the so-called Silk Road drug marketplace has been sentenced to five years in prison.
A fox cub has been found wrapped up in a blanket and taken to the Scottish SPCA's wildlife centre.
Junichi Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
The award-winning Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "20th Century" after it refused to film Prime Minister David Cameron's visit to Cornwall.
Police are investigating the deaths of two women whose bodies were found in a flat in Glasgow.
Ian King has been voted off the board of Rangers after the club's annual general meeting (EGM) was held in London.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When Gemma Foster and her estranged husband Simon Foster split up in the first series of Doctor Foster, the actress was "very, very grateful" for the break-up.
Racism in football in Wales is widespread, according to players and coaches.
An acting head teacher has admitted making indecent images of children at a primary school.
Vietnam has accused China of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
More than 26,000 people have attended a gay pride rally in Singapore's capital, Singapore.
The UK economy is in a precarious position.
Urban landscapes could be key to protecting bees from decline, according to a study.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl.
More than 469 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued from a fishing boat off the coast of Indonesia, officials say.
A rail company has been banned from operating trains after a series of incidents in which safety equipment was allegedly bypassed.
It was a "big Budget" - a big deal, a big mess.
Kia has been named the best car brand in the US for the first time, according to a new study.
A child migrant called Safid has told Newsround he is desperate to get to the UK.
A round-up of reaction from Northern Ireland's political commentators following the election.
The number of hate crimes in Canada increased in 2015, according to official figures.
The death of Marussia driver Luca Bianchi in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix has been described as a tragedy that will never be forgotten.
Voters in London go to the polls on 8 June to choose their preferred candidate to represent the capital in the general election.
The UK abolishing Air Passenger Duty would be an "advantage" for airlines operating in Northern Ireland, according to the chief executive of the UK's largest airline.
A driver has died in a crash on the A90 in Dumfries.
Telomere length tests can predict the progression of blood cancers, according to researchers at Cardiff University.
A cyclist has been killed in a crash with a lorry in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US judge has ruled that the US women's football team is not eligible to strike over pay.
The UK government has been granted a waiver to allow Simi the dog to be brought into the UK, the zoo has said.
Former BBC Northern Ireland presenter Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Professional Philanthropists' Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
When Phil Spencer unveiled the Xbox One X at E3 last year, he promised a “revolution” in gaming.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after it removed a page about him.
When Halle Berry was nominated for the best actress Oscar in 1993, it was hailed as "one of my lowest professional moments".
Newsnight's James Clayton has been living in France for more than a year.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate the governance of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Russian ballroom dancer Aliona Vilani has ruled herself out of the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
William Hague has called for a "new and strong international agreement" on how to tackle the flow of arms to Sunni militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will leave Napoli at the end of the season if he meets the club's release clause, a club source has told the BBC.
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill which would require companies to certify their gender pay programmes.
Nigeria's government has responded to the mass abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in north-eastern Borno state by releasing a statement saying most of the girls are still missing.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A boiler owner has been refused permission to take legal action over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be cut by up to 4p, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside Henley Royal Regatta in Reading.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a two-year deal.
Bilkis Bano, who was raped and murdered by Hindu mobs during the 2002 Gujarat riots, says she feels vindicated.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players he would never speak about his side's "high-intensity" draw with Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is "surprised" by the number of people who have contracted HIV in the UK.
More than 1,000 EU nationals from non-UK countries have been sent polling cards in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says the club would like to see defender Bailey Wright's contract terminated.
China has confirmed it has deployed surface-to-air missiles to disputed islands in the South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged Europe to "take its destiny into its own hands" after US President Donald Trump said climate change talks were "very unsatisfactory".
Last week, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme aired a documentary about the plight of women who are unable to work because of pain.
The chancellor has defended the introduction of a new levy on apprenticeships, saying it will help boost the skills of small and medium-sized firms.
Two Conservative MPs have been ordered to pay more than £40,000 to settle a libel claim by a former UKIP MP.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a nationwide strike to protest against the election result.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out in Woodbury.
It's not every holiday that comes along with it.
Greece's caretaker Prime Minister Evangelos Papademos has been injured in a car explosion in the capital, Athens, reports say.
A number of police officers have been injured in an attack in County Down.
Paddy Power won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Epsom.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by two police officers in the US state of Louisiana has described the incident as "the most disturbing thing I've seen".
Scientists in Canada have implanted GPS trackers into the skin of slugs.
Denmark reached the Women's Euro 2017 semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 3-0 win over Austria in extra time.
The remains of a girl thought to be the first Native American to live in the Americas have been discovered in Mexico.
President Donald Trump's explanation for his decision to disclose classified information to the Washington Post has been met with a wave of the hand on Twitter.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must be "professional" if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Chemical weapons samples from Syria are being sent to laboratories around the world for analysis.
Smart glasses designed to help blind and partially sighted people find their way around have been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
A US-Iranian journalist has gone on trial in Tehran accused of spying for the US government during nuclear negotiations with the West.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have hatched at a quarry in County Durham for the second year in a row.
Sea otters may have helped revive ailing seagrass grass in southern California, according to a new study.
A man with locked-in syndrome has launched a legal challenge to the right to die in England and Wales.
A man who smuggled drugs into Northern Ireland in a wheelie bin has been jailed.
More than 1,000 infants died in mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965, the Irish justice minister has said.
When Thommo Nicholl's Raith Rovers beat Celtic on penalties to win the Scottish Cup at Hampden Park, it was a moment that will forever be etched into the history of Scottish football.
Physical education in schools in Wales should be made a core part of the national curriculum, according to a report.
The parents of Charlie Gard, the baby with a rare genetic condition, have called for his life support to be switched off.
Schools in England should include outdoor learning in their curriculum, according to a new report.
Lancashire have appointed former England coach Peter Moores as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
England batsman Alex Hales has been refunded £4.10 by a fan who tweeted about the slow rate of interest on the final day of the third Test against Pakistan.
A memorial to a teenager who drowned in the River Thames is to be installed in Bath.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been described as "The Group of Death".
The father of a woman who died in a gang-rape attack in Singapore has said he will not have any objection if a law is named after her.
The United States has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale and possession of drugs.
The RSPB has delayed the opening of two new nature reserves in Somerset after a river over-topped the marsh.
Police are investigating reports of "deliberate persecution" of birds at a National Forest estate in the Highlands.
A serving Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences, including manufacturing explosives and storing them in barrels in England and Northern Ireland.
Brewery chain Brains has announced plans to open more coffee shops in south Wales and the south west of England.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Sporting Lisbon for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been jailed for eight years for killing a fellow scooter club member in a "little whack".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Malachi O'Doherty considers whether direct rule is the best option for Northern Ireland.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has warned that demand for oil is likely to slow in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to lead the national side to a World Cup, says ex-Fulham boss Lee Roberts.
More than half of the world's adults over 60 are living in poverty, according to a new report.
Derby County have signed Barnsley midfielder Jack O'Shea on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Chadwick Boseman is to star alongside Lupita Nyong'o in the new Black Panther film.
A 25-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in North Ayrshire.
Four men have been remanded in custody after drugs with an estimated street value of £1m were found in a van in County Armagh.
A man has been jailed for eight years for murdering a pensioner in Glasgow.
The father of a reservist who died while taking part in a heat exhaustion test has told an inquest it would not have been in his thought process to stop the exercise.
Shaker Aamer, the last British detainee to be held in Guantanamo Bay, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side's Champions League exit was a "hard lesson" for his side.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell more than 10% after financial services group Standard Chartered warned of a fall in full-year profits.
U2's Dennis Sheehan has died at a hotel in Los Angeles, the band have confirmed.
Tom Shankland scored twice as Ballymena United came from behind to beat Livi Town.
Former Northern Ireland footballer Kevin McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be able to play for Northern Ireland in Euro 2016.
Activity in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two Rabobank traders have been charged in the US with conspiring to manipulate the Libor interest rate.
Chelsea Ladies secured a 1-0 win over Glasgow City in the first leg of their Women's Champions League first qualifying round tie.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) has said it is "confident" that Cranes coach Aleksandar Sredojevic will be paid all his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is "the only person" in the race to succeed Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to the leader of Taiwan, the White House has said.
Harvard University in the US is considering changing the job titles of its house masters, amid a row over the use of the word "master".
Portugal reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a 2-1 win over Australia in Moscow.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have demolished tents and shacks set up by drug addicts as part of a major operation to tackle the problem.
Martin McGuinness is to visit Belgium to mark the centenary of the start of World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says this season has been a "massive lesson" in his future as he prepares for the FA Cup final.
Many Clouds, the winner of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Gold Cup, died after suffering a pulmonary haemorrhage, it has emerged.
It's that time of the year again.
The number of reservists in the Army has fallen by more than 1,000 since April 2012, according to government figures.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he was not thinking his team were "perfect, unbeatable" as they continued their poor start to the season.
Italy boss Fabio Capello will not be offered a new contract until the 2018 World Cup, Russian media report.
Turtle doves and quail are being illegally shot during the EU's spring migration season, a British wildlife expert has said.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in the West Midlands.
A music company has confirmed it is proposing to make 70 staff redundant at its audio equipment plant in North Lanarkshire.
Eddie Evans scored his first goal for West Brom as they came from behind to beat Stoke and reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
A "credible, agreed plan" is needed before Oxford's main pedestrian route can be closed, a bus company has said.
Franchisees of McDonald's restaurants in Europe are being accused of unfair competition and unfair trade practices.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
When Tony Blair announced a series of anti-terror policies in the run-up to the general election in May, it was as if the game had changed.
Swansea City secured their place in the Premier League's top four with a 3-0 win over Crystal Palace, while Hull City were relegated.
Bradford Bulls' legal team has said it is "critical" they obtain a deal to keep the club in administration.
Human remains have been found in the search for missing woman Louise Tiffney 15 years ago.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Denmark's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the South African Open.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced that the US will withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A 15-year-old girl has become the first person to win a cake competition with a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge.
The EU and Turkey have agreed a deal to send all irregular migrants back to Turkey if they do not apply for asylum, Amnesty International has said.
The Department of Justice has paid compensation to eight former Catholic school pupils who were injured during anti-Catholic protests in north Belfast.
A new edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany, 70 years after it was published.
A new primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a water main burst.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y United Kingdom.
Brazilian club Corinthians have ruled out signing Manchester City's Carlos Tevez.
It has been a year since the death of the frontman of French rock band Noir Desir.
Gallwch wylio uchafbwyntiau'r Tour de France wedi dau gymal yn ôl Geraint Thomas.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they are treating the death as suspicious.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Honolulu to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on a US naval base in Hawaii.
The UCI has opened disciplinary proceedings against Team Sky after a rider was accused of racially abusing a fellow rider in the final stage of the Tour de France.
The UK's drugs watchdog has issued a warning to young people about the dangers of buying "smart drugs" online.
EU foreign ministers have agreed to send up to 1,000 troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) as part of a UN peacekeeping mission.
St Mirren have signed former Scotland Under-20 striker James Clarkson on a two-year deal.
Atletico Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points as they came from behind to beat Valencia.
The Wales football team have arrived in Cardiff for the start of Euro 2016.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester United on Saturday will be streamed live on the BBC Sport website.
Egyptians have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a new constitution, paving the way for a parliamentary election in May.
Myanmar's military says it has found no evidence that a plane that crashed in the Yangon strait was deliberately sabotaged.
A man has been found guilty of the most serious breach of the EU's medicines control regime.
All the papers lead with the story of the EU's chief Brexit negotiator.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in the world.
Two people have been arrested after a man was killed when he was hit by a car in Kent.
Three polar bears have been caught on camera pawing at a strange object at a safari park in Tanzania.
Historic Scotland has published a list of potential locations for a Roman battle site.
Derry City manager Joey Barton was left "horrified" after video emerged of Brendan Rogers' lip injury in Sunday's McKenna Cup final win over Tyrone.
Flooding has continued to cause disruption in parts of England and Wales, with heavy rain forecast for Thursday.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he appears to shoot Donald Trump.
The first of 11 giant offshore wind turbines has been moved into place in a Norwegian fjord.
World number one Dustin Johnson is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Masters.
Newsweek, the US news magazine, has unveiled its final front cover, with the hashtag #lastprint.
Russia's economy has contracted for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
The minimum sentence for killing a police officer should be increased to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The campaign for the UK to leave the European Union will be focusing on the south Wales valleys and north Wales valleys.
A man who carried out a knife attack at a post office in Glasgow has been jailed for five years.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has withdrawn from the squad for the 2018 World Cup in Brazil because of injury.
HMS Ocean, the Royal Navy's amphibious assault ship, is to be withdrawn from service, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The UK economy is set to suffer a "severe loss of momentum" in the second half of this year, according to the EY Item Club.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Alex Mason on loan until the end of the season and Chelsea goalkeeper Jordan Houghton on a season-long loan deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour's economic strategy is a "settlement for business".
A former Irish police commissioner and the former justice minister, Michael Callinan, have been cleared of corruption in the force.
The number of people being held at the Brook House removal centre in north London has more than doubled in the past five years, a report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side are in "pretty good shape" as they prepare to defend their Six Nations title against Ireland on Saturday.
When I arrived at the Royal Troon for the first round of the Scottish Open, I was greeted with a mixture of excitement and fear.
Chelsea captain John Terry will appeal against his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Peterborough, says manager Antonio Conte.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car on the M4 in Staffordshire.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants a squad of 21-22 players for next season.
Children in the UK are being warned about the dangers of downloading a child's app.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death in a car chase.
More needs to be done to improve immigration policies, according to accounting firm PwC.
Derry City held on to earn their first win over Harps in the All-Ireland Football qualifier at Finn Park.
More than 80,000 new secondary school places will be needed in England by the end of the next school year, the Local Government Association has warned.
A £1.5m road linking Cardiff Bay and the east of the city is to open later.
At a mosque in the Egyptian city of Giza, hundreds of people gathered to pray for the overthrow of the government.
Actress Vicky McClure has said she was "mortified" when she was thrown off a tram named after her.
The mother of Lily Allen has said she feels "horrendous" for her daughter after a stalker stalked her for years.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire and rescue services to be brought under one authority.
A dairy processing plant in Dumfries and Galloway is to receive £1m in investment.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association following the Euro 2012 play-off second leg in Krusevac.
Johnny Depp's management company is suing the actor for a record amount of money, according to US media reports.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the club's new director of cricket.
The head of the Church in Wales has said he was "not against organ donation at all".
Wales should be central to the debate on the future of the UK, Stephen Crabb has said.
Championship side Rochdale have signed midfielder James O'Shea on a two-year deal.
Matt Quigley scored a hat-trick as Livingston came from behind to beat Premiership leaders TNS.
A council has announced plans to increase council tax by 15% in a bid to save £450m from its annual budget.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said he will lift a ban on the activities of companies linked to Somalia's militant Islamists.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the National League after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest level since records began, official figures show.
Russia's military says it tracked down a Dutch submarine on a secret mission to the Syrian port of Latakia in the early hours of Sunday.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie despite speculation linking him with a move to Rangers.
Bradford has been named the UK's Curry Capital of Britain for the first time.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK singles chart.
Up to 10,000 Syrians have been displaced by the conflict in Syria, the UN says, as thousands of people continue to arrive in Turkey.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash in the north-western state of Veracruz.
Kenya has returned to the polls for the first time in five years, five years after violence marred the country's presidential election.
Celtic and Linfield have agreed a new date for the first leg of their Champions League second qualifying round tie.
London's Heathrow Airport is to close for two days on Friday and Saturday to carry out a major refurbishment.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the leg during a security alert.
The mayor of Bristol has paid tribute to Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 91.
Derby County have signed former Hull City striker Tom Davies for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has been launched in the UK and Ireland - but what does this mean for readers?
Former Ireland rugby star Mike Wallace has been cleared of harassing his wife by a court in Belfast.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Italy international back row Nic White and Jersey prop Nic Freeman on two-year deals.
Burundi, one of Africa's poorest countries, is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients who were treated like animals in a mental health unit.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan does not step down as Scotland manager.
Merseyrail workers are to stage a second strike in a row with the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, it has been announced.
Thousands of people have attended a concert by Afghan singer-songwriter Khaled Sayeed in the Afghan capital, Kabul, despite death threats.
A woman has been arrested after being stopped by police on the M4 in Greater Manchester.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City wing-back Danny Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Jack Raggett's first-half goal earned Dover victory over Welling to move them out of the National League relegation zone.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US election.
More than 150 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland following heavy rain.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of shooting at a group of naturists on a beach in the south-east of the country.
Chinese fashion designer Zhang Zhiyuan has become the first woman to win a competition to shave her armpits.
A former Wales rugby player has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest after tests showed he had abnormal blood readings.
At least 80 people have been arrested in Cairo and Alexandria over the transfer of uninhabited Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia, Egyptian officials say.
Sports Direct, the owner of the Shirebrook clothing chain, has warned that a fall in the value of the pound against the dollar will have a "negative impact" on its results.
Ed Sheeran has driven off the test track for the first time in the new series of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage has been given the go-ahead to appear on BBC Radio 4's Today Programme.
More needs to be done to tackle waiting times for heart and knee surgery in Wales, surgeons have said.
A former head teacher at a Cardiff mosque sexually assaulted four girls, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Czech Open for the first time in her career.
The discovery of a shipwreck in Kenya marks the start of a new chapter in the story of Zheng He, the Chinese admiral who set sail for Africa in 1418.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see Oliver Griffiths join the British and Irish Lions.
Formula 1 has announced it will end its contract to hold the British Grand Prix at Silverstone after 2019.
Charles Dickens' writing desk and chair have been bought by a National Heritage Memorial Fund for permanent display in his study.
An Egyptian court has suspended the formation of a constituent assembly to draft a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which says players must not reveal undergarments with slogans or images other than the manufacturer's logo.
What do you do if you're a porker?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its investigation into Apple over alleged tax avoidance.
Sophie Bray has been named in Great Britain's women's hockey squad for the Rio Olympics.
Plans to revamp town centres in north Wales have been given a boost by the Welsh government.
MPs have launched an e-petition website to allow people to start and debate petitions in Parliament.
J Craig Venter, who has won the Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine for his work with the human genome, has died at the age of 90.
A hospital trust has declared a "black alert" over an outbreak of norovirus in Cornwall.
Team GB reached the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a bonus-point win over Japan.
Theresa May's announcement that the UK will vote to leave the European Union is a huge blow to the EU.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and assault of a woman who was held in a "house of horrors".
The Scottish government has announced a £1.5m fund to train staff who have lost their jobs in the oil and gas industry.
Plans for a £1m cycling facility in Pembrey have been approved by the Welsh Government.
A security guard was hit by a car as he tried to steal a cash box from a supermarket in South Lanarkshire.
Celtic Energy's chief executive has said he is "very concerned" about the cost of cleaning up two abandoned mines in Conwy county.
Mae ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi llwyr ddiffodd gan fod y llanw wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag mynd ato.
Jose Mourinho's first game in charge of Manchester United ended in defeat as Pedro scored twice on his return to Stamford Bridge.
When Channel 4 launched its Channel 4 drama, Skins, it was hailed as one of the most successful shows in the UK.
Police Scotland has defended its decision to allow specialist armed officers to patrol areas where there is a threat to life, MSPs have heard.
There is a strange phenomenon in the financial world.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a teenage girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle is to direct the opening night of the Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new osprey has laid her first egg at a wildlife reserve in the Highlands, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has announced.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has said Britain would have "zero" influence if it were not in the European Union.
Global demand for energy has slowed to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a report by BP.
An inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes to their families is to be held before the general election.
England full-back Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says coach Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Carlisle United manager Paul Curle says he is ready to leave the club if the club can't match his ambition.
Plans to change the name of a Gwynedd village to a Welsh name have been rejected by the council.
A 22-year-old woman from Dorset has been reported missing in Thailand.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff city centre.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called on Welsh Labour members to reject the Conservatives' "terrible insult" to people working "day in, day out to save and improve lives".
The head of Queen's University in Londonderry has said higher education in Northern Ireland is in danger.
People who walk five dogs in two packs in Gosport will now be fined up to £100 for failing to control the animals.
Victims of the Kincora boys' home in Belfast have begun a judicial review of the government's handling of the abuse scandal.
Two Britons who were missing in Nepal for more than a week have been found safe and well, the Red Cross has said.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have reached the EuroHockey Championship for the first time, says head coach Chris Clements.
Michael MacNiallais scored two late goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh 2-13 to 0-13 in the Ulster Football semi-finals.
Derby County manager Slavisa Jokanovic says Fulham striker Leon Martin will not be sent back to the club.
Mining in Uganda's Mubende district is one of the most dangerous and dangerous areas in the country.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his pledge to produce a budget surplus by 2020.
Voting has begun in the first round of voting to elect Sepp Blatter as president of world football's governing body Fifa.
Three men have been jailed for life for punching a lecturer in the face during a burglary at his home.
Hull FC will play Hull FC in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
The number of licensed taxi and private hire car drivers in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
John Cleese's Alimony tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "more than a lecture tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Adebayo Macheda on loan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the business model used by people smugglers to smuggle migrants into the world.
A photographer has captured a spectacular display of the Northern Lights over Scotland.
A Sussex Police community support officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Hong Kong's capital, Hanoi, for the city's first ultramarathon.
A Northamptonshire firm is to close its distribution centre with the loss of 54 jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the potential of digital education in Africa.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a strong jobs report.
There is a bit of confusion about the number of nurses in England.
Workers at one of the oldest department stores in Londonderry have described the "horrific" loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone network Three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad.
Thai police investigating the murder of a British woman and her boyfriend in Thailand say they have made "little progress" in their investigation.
Boris Johnson has said he will not run for the Tory leadership in 2016.
Virtual doctors in sub-Saharan Africa are helping millions of people with health problems such as malaria, tuberculosis and HIV.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Glasgow on Saturday have paid tribute to their "caring and caring son".
When John Thirlwell first started his own chocolate business he thought he was going to be making chocolate the hero.
The US military has confirmed that it carried out a sea burial of Osama Bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda, during a firefight in Afghanistan in 2011.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 index higher.
A court in the Republic of Ireland has heard that a man accused of tax evasion is likely to be found guilty next week.
The number of small and medium-sized firms exempt from paying business rates has been cut by £1.5bn, the chancellor has announced.
Wales winger Rhys Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to return to action this season, according to former Scarlets captain Steve James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
A new DNA profile has been developed in the 21st anniversary of the discovery of a girl's body in a canal.
Shrewsbury Town have signed midfielder Ryan McGinty on a season-long loan deal from Bristol City.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a fall at the World Championships in London.
Israeli troops have fired tear gas and rubber bullets at Palestinians as they clashed with security forces near the al-Aqsa mosque compound.
Online booking site Booking.com is seeking €356m (£247m) in damages from the French government after it failed to pay tax on more than €400m of income.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has criticised plans to introduce a five-minute waiting time for drivers in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans won stage 20 of the Tour de France for the first time in his career as he finished second in the time-trial.
Nigeria's army has detained more than 100 children suspected of being abducted by Islamist militants, the UN says.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Murray finished ninth in the women's team event at the British Championships in Bath on Friday.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has offered to help federal employees hit by the partial government shutdown.
Taylor Swift's management company has been accused of "giving my work away for free" by a photographer.
A father who won a legal battle over taking his children on holiday during term time has raised more than Â£25,000.
A county clerk in the US state of South Carolina has refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples despite a Supreme Court ruling that her faith prevented her from doing so.
There are few countries in the world where the Paralympics are more important than Ukraine.
The Police Ombudsman's Office has suspended the release of any further sensitive information to the Police Federation.
The number of school crossing patrollers in Scotland has fallen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Japan's Nikkei index fell to a four-week low on Wednesday as the yen strengthened against the dollar.
Transport for London (TfL) fares are to be frozen from 2020, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said he still believes the pound is the right currency for Scotland.
A rare opal found in South Australia more than 100 years ago has gone on display for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on a mudbank off the Kent coast has shocked the world.
Schools across the UK are celebrating the fifth anniversary of BBC School Report's News Day.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said the chief of the defence staff has "clearly breached" the "constitutional principle" of the armed forces.
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor.
A robot that can tell you if a dish is good or bad has been developed in Thailand.
Parents who smack their children face a "clear violation" of children's human rights, according to a new report.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Danny Paver says the club's new signing Jack Chapman has taken the "bull by the horns" in his recovery from injury.
Newcastle maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season with victory over Aston Villa.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed Brendan Rodgers in the race to succeed Brendan Rodgers.
The partner of a transgender woman who died at a prison has said she wrote a suicide note saying she "couldn't stop crying".
Thailand has been downgraded to Category 2 by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns.
The new Ghostbusters film has received mixed reviews from critics, with some calling it "a bit of fun".
A woman who died after a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay a surcharge on stamp duty from next year, the chancellor has announced in the Spending Review.
A large fire has broken out on the M4 in the Highlands, forcing the closure of the motorway.
A £1m project to turn a quarry into a museum has been given the go-ahead by the government.
The Isle of Man government has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant.
Gianluigi Imbula scored a hat-trick as Stoke City thrashed Bournemouth to move up to fifth in the Premier League.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by his father has criticised the way police handled the case.
Oldham Athletic have offered free entry to Saturday's League One game against Brentford, which was postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have clashed with protesters demanding the arrest of the French envoy to India.
Katie Trott claimed her second gold medal of the British Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's individual pursuit.
A man accused of attempting to murder a police officer has told a court he is "completely innocent" of the charge.
The US has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man has been jailed for shining a laser pen at a police helicopter in Glasgow.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, helped by a surge in imports.
LeBron James has become the first player in NBA history to score 10,000 points.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two teenage girls.
A film about the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich during World War Two has been made into a film.
A chronology of key events:1 May - The start of the 13th Century.
Six members of Australia's 4x100m freestyle relay team have admitted taking a sleeping medication before the Rio Olympics.
The funeral of Coronation Street writer John Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, a former British colony in the Pacific, is one of the world's most stable democracies.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" that a £10bn infrastructure deal with a Chinese consortium has collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry.
Scotland could seek special arrangements to remain part of the European Economic Area (EFTA), according to Norway's foreign minister.
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been barred from voting in regional elections.
Somerset made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire at Taunton.
South Africa's law reform commission has called for the removal of Christmas Day and Labour Day from the country's public holidays.
Three men have been reported to police after a nativity scene was stolen from a church in Glasgow.
Nigeria's governing party has lost control of most of the country's 36 governorships, the electoral commission Inec has announced.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Anfield and Walton Hall Park in north Liverpool.
Carlos Tevez has left Manchester United to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A court has issued a public nudity order for ex-police officer Stephen Gough, who has been convicted of outraging public decency.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has increased its fundraising appeal to £6.4m following the devastating fire at the school.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they came from behind to beat Middlesbrough.
Bristol have sacked head coach Mark Robinson following an "extremely disappointing" start to the season.
Mae'r asgellwr y Scarlets wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad.
When you think of cloud computing, you might think of clouds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of Iceland's financial crisis on the Cypriot economy.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during his visit to the island.
In the early hours of Monday morning in the Mexican capital, Ciudad Juárez, two journalists were shot dead.
Shares in Yum Brands, the parent company of US restaurant chain Pizza Hut, have risen more than 5% after the company reported better-than-expected profits in China.
Northern Ireland is to host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games in Belfast.
US President Donald Trump has pulled out of a key vote on his healthcare bill, hours after it was defeated in the House of Representatives.
It's been a busy few days for the world of social media.
Leigh Day, the firm at the centre of the Grenfell Tower fire, has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating claims it provided false insurance claims to the victims.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison have risen to "significantly higher" than in similar prisons in England and Wales, inspectors have said.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York is being sued by a group of former patrons who say they were misled into paying $25 for admission.
Hillary Clinton has accused her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders of being a "progressive" during a town hall debate.
Alloa Athletic have signed former St Mirren boss Gary Ross on a two-year contract, subject to a successful medical.
US President Donald Trump has said there are "a lot of killers" in the country, but said he would "get along" with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement has backed defender Alfie Mawson to continue his fine form.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Kent have been branded a "threat" by the Woodland Trust.
Bog snorkelling has been added to the Winter Olympics in Denbighshire.
Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas.
A second independence referendum will not be held in 2017, the first minister has said.
A former police officer has told the Hillsborough inquests he conceded to a doctor's medical superiority when it was suggested Kevin could not have been alive when he tried to revive him.
A fire authority has been ordered to carry out a statutory inspection over allegations of "serious and persistent" infighting, the chief inspector of fire has said.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have risen after a week of volatility in China's markets.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg set the pace in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge should be fully operational by the end of the festive season if repairs are carried out, the transport minister has said.
An investigation has been launched into the state of a hospital trust's finances following a £7.8m overspend.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found on a motorway in Dorset.
Comedian Sandi Toksvig has said she would be "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows.
A Scottish man killed in a helicopter crash in Norway last month has been named as the victim of a "catastrophic failure".
Town centres in the Scottish Borders have seen a rise in visitor numbers, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence are to be offered counselling and support in a bid to reduce the number of violent partners in the UK.
Wales wing Keelan Amos has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Anthony Joshua has a "chink in his armour" ahead of his fight with Wladimir Klitschko, says former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis.
Blackpool fans are taking legal action against the club over comments made on a social media forum about the club.
A man who died after his car crashed in Shropshire has been named by police.
Derry secured a 1-12 to 1-13 extra-time win over Mayo in Saturday's Ulster SFC quarter-final at Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says captain Stevie Smith has shown the courage to play through his injury problems.
Chaz Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike Championship to 50 points with victory in the final race of the season in Valencia.
More than one in 10 pupils in independent schools in England receive extra time for their GCSE and A-level exams.
Huddersfield Giants have signed South Sydney Rabbitohs prop Sam Burgess on a two-year deal.
Doncaster kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a thumping 4-3 win at Stevenage.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Bollywood star Sharad Bheswakar reflects on his struggle to get Nepalese citizenship.
Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat St Helens and move into the Super League play-off places.
When West Ham left Old Trafford on Wednesday night, it was a bittersweet occasion for the club.
Germany will host the opening stage of the 2016 Grand Depart cycle race, following London's decision not to host it.
A mental health commission has criticised "significantly poor care" at a hospital where dementia patients are assessed.
Eight people have been charged in connection with a multi-million pound prostitution ring, police have said.
A Guatemalan judge has ordered a retrial of a former military lawyer who was convicted of genocide in the 1980s.
The producer of the Oscar-winning film Rocky has died at the age of 83.
A World Cup commemorative event has been held in England to mark the 50th anniversary of the 1966 World Cup.
A new unit to tackle online hate crimes has been set up by London's mayor.
When you start using your Raspberry Pi it is easy to forget where you came from.
Danish brewer, Carlsberg, has reported a fall in sales in the first half of the year, compared with the same period last year.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have visited the site where he was last seen 20 years ago.
Driving examiners in the UK are to stage a series of strikes in a row over pensions, jobs and privatisation.
Carlisle United and Cambridge United were both sent off in the first half of their League Two play-off semi-final.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The government is taking legal action against the new owners of Manston Airport.
In the dimly lit room of the University Hospital of Bambari in the Central African Republic's capital, Bangui, Dr Joseph Bama was cleaning wounds.
Britain's Carl Froch says he is ready to return to the ring for the first time in 18 months.
The MP for Colchester, Peter Quince, has been speaking for the first time about the value of regional theatres in the West End.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Azores, US officials say.
The UK government has said it will publish a revised version of its Wales Bill "as early as possible" in the new parliamentary session.
Glasgow Warriors fly-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Five men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle £5m of heroin into the UK in a speaker.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food in the past year, according to a survey.
A council has said it has had to place six children into residential care outside of Kent because of the migrant crisis.
Harlequins boss Paul Hopley says England rugby players deserve to be considered "role model professionals".
A man who grew cannabis without a certificate has been jailed for eight years.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a snake that escaped from its owner's home.
Glenavon have been given a three-match touchline ban by the Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control the ball in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Cliftonville.
Two men have been killed in a light aircraft crash in Powys.
Kent's hopes of winning Division Two of the County Championship suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 183 by Northants.
Three al-Jazeera journalists have gone on trial in Egypt accused of spreading false news.
The Supreme Court is to hear a case brought by a Libyan man who says he was tortured by the UK.
A woman who applied for a visa to travel to New Zealand after her grandfather's death has been told she will not be able to do so.
A man who admitted attempting to murder a Muslim man on a train has been found not guilty of attempted murder by reason of insanity.
A major road in the Highlands has been closed after heavy rain caused landslips.
Plans to cut 27 jobs at the BBC Studios division have been described as "extremely concerned" by the Welsh Government.
The Fab Four have topped the UK singles chart for the first time in more than 50 years, according to BBC Radio 2 DJ Tony Blackburn.
Britain's Mark Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a fractured leg in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
It has been a turbulent few months for Lady Warsi.
Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal have been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Rio Olympics.
A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama in connection with the abduction of a man in Milan, Italian media report.
Mark Milkins says he felt like he was going to take off after winning the UK Championship for the first time in his career.
Irish police have carried out a major search operation in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final.
A new home for the Newport Ship could be built in Powys.
Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is "absolutely innocent" of assaulting a female reporter, his campaign has said.
Two companies have been fined £60,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a lorry loaded with coal.
More than 1,000 unlicensed homes in Southampton are being illegally rented, a council has said.
A hospital in Liege, Germany, is to use a robot called Pepper in its reception area.
Malnutrition is a big problem for the NHS in England and Wales, according to the charity Age UK.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has called for a march by veterans to be banned in Londonderry.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign aimed at boosting manufacturing, saying the country must "shift out".
Ivory Coast's new national football federation (NFF) has accepted a request from the Ivorian Football Federation (Keshi).
Human remains believed to be those of missing mother-of-two Michelle Tiffney have been found in Fife.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says the club's tax bill should be cleared by the end of the week.
A tipper truck has crashed into a house, killing a homeowner and injuring several others.
Kris Nordtveit and Joachim Elyounoussi scored as Northern Ireland lost 3-0 to Norway in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Belfast.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A 33-year-old man has been shot dead at a party in Surrey.
David Cameron has signed a deal to renegotiate the UK's membership of the European Union.
A free bus travel scheme for 16-18 year olds in Wales has been extended by a year.
A woman who embezzled more than £587,000 from an Aberdeen oil and gas company has been ordered to pay back almost £500,000.
Aberdeen-based engineering firm Aker has announced plans to cut up to 650 jobs.
Online sellers could be targeted by the UK's tax authority in a bid to crack down on the "hidden economy".
Do you know that some of the biggest hauls in the world have a hidden treasure trail?
A viral video of a Japanese DJ fusing a pen with an apple has gone viral on social media.
A rugby player who died after a collision with an opponent has donated her organs to charity.
Leicester City's unbeaten start to the Premier League season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton.
When Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant first met in New York in the early 1980s, they had no idea what they were doing.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over disorder at the Euro 2016 qualifier between England and Lithuania on Saturday.
Newport County chief executive John Foxall says the club have a contract to use Rodney Parade until 2023.
Scottish golfer Mark Lawrie says he is going to have surgery on his foot to help him recover from a career-threatening injury.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" on a website encouraging other men to masturbate has been jailed for three years.
The Republic of Ireland's ambassador to the US has expressed fears that The Quiet Man would be seen as a "rollicking farce".
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend.
Australian police are investigating the murder of an Italian lawyer in Melbourne.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player David Flower.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A motorist has been reunited with his mobility scooter after being stopped by police on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre in South Sudan.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says Shay Logan's family situation was a factor in his decision to stay at Pittodrie.
A memorial service has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account amid criticism of his portrayal of female characters.
The Organisation for the Advancement of Colored People (OLPC) has received a $1.5m (Â£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet version of its laptop.
The US Copyright Office has ruled that car owners are entitled to modify their vehicles' software.
American Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a mild heart attack during the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
England were knocked out of the Women's World Twenty20 as they lost to Australia by nine wickets in the semi-finals in Mumbai.
Oil prices have fallen sharply in the wake of a decision by oil producers to keep production at record levels.
The Soloist building in Belfast has been bought by a London-based firm.
When US Secretary of State John Kerry meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington this week, he is likely to bring in former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden.
Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a three-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
On the outskirts of the city of Malakal, in the north-east of South Sudan, the sun is shining brightly.
When the acid attack in Paris in 2005 left the woman with a life-changing injury, she feared for her life.
The deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Theresa May's speech on the eve of the general election was a bit of a letdown.
Scotland is to introduce mandatory nursing and midwifery staffing levels.
Ukrainian officials and the media have been accused of ignoring the presence of far-right parties in the country.
The EU and International Monetary Fund (IMF) say they remain hopeful that a deal can be reached on Greece's debt crisis before the end of the month.
The family of five-year-old Ashya King, who has a rare form of leukaemia, say they are concerned about his future.
Dogs could be banned from public spaces in Wrexham, the RSPCA has warned.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A470 in Bangor.
Matt Carson's first-half goal earned Portsmouth a goalless draw with Hartlepool at Fratton Park.
A turtle that washed up on a beach on the Isle of Wight is being cared for by vets.
Rohit Singh is a 10-year-old boy who spends almost 10 hours a day fishing out coins from the banks of the Gandak river in the northern Indian state of Bihar.
Plans to lower the drink-driving limit in England and Wales have been backed by a group of health experts.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate the deaths of Sian Blake and her two young sons.
Motherwell have signed former Real Madrid and Real Madrid midfielder David Pearson on a deal until the end of the season.
A five-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed former NFL player Kadeena Welter as their new head coach.
Political parties should stop talking about the EU in terms that people don't understand, a leading Welsh politician has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he saw a video showing $400m (£300m) being sent to Iran as a ransom payment.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say.
Former DUP minister Peter Robinson has denied any involvement in a controversial renewable energy scheme.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over its depiction of the city.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted to hold interest rates at 0.5%.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will have to "take maybe a step back a few times" as he prepares for Friday's one-day international against West Indies.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the issue of the UK's membership of the EU, Labour MP Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a new technology park at the University of Sussex have been unveiled.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored a hat-trick as Saracens cruised to a bonus-point win over Oyonnax in the Champions Cup.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase in Sussex has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Actress Angelina Jolie and fashion designer Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC's Woman's Hour Power List 2015.
When Richard Choe was appointed chief executive of a Singapore-based hotel firm in 1997, he was promised to make it a success.
Derby County were held to a goalless draw by Brentford in the Championship, their first away win of the season.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Tony Blair says the club's players will be working hard to keep them at Scotstoun this summer.
Olympic track cycling champion Dame Sarah Storey has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1 motorway.
West Ham captain Jamie Vardy has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City "still have time to put things right" despite being booed off the field.
Up to 10cm of snow has fallen in parts of England, with some parts of the country experiencing major travel disruption.
Archaeologists in the UK have discovered the remains of a plague victim buried in a cave in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school have met with independent counsellors to help a father and his two children who are critically ill.
US airline Delta has become the latest airline to ban the shipment of trophy hunting kills, following the killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos chairman Nigel Wood says the Rugby Football League needs to do more to promote the sport in the capital.
Leaders of the European Union are holding talks in Brussels to try to resolve the migrant crisis.
A police officer has been arrested after an anonymous tip-off that an officer was to be kidnapped as part of a terror plot.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a parade in New Orleans.
Southend Council and Visit Southend have offered a free night in the seaside resort following comedian Danny O'Grady's comments on The Apprentice.
It is not every day that you get a job delivering healthy snacks in a letter box.
There are many ways to measure the impact of the Obama presidency on the US economy.
The Archbishop of South Africa, Desmond Tutu, has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
Monarch Airlines has said it is still struggling to recover from the terror attacks in Paris in which 130 people were killed.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a teenager in a Dumfries and Galloway village.
Shares in Tesla have risen after the company said it was increasing production.
"I have only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have signed full-back Luke Arscott from Premiership rivals Bath on a two-year deal.
A primary school in Wiltshire has banned pupils from playing the game of tag.
Northern Ireland's unemployment rate is at its lowest level for more than two years, according to a new report.
"I can never get those years back - the police must stop failing families in this way."
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a factory in the Swiss Alps, prosecutors say.
Plans for a giant dragon sculpture at a former colliery site in Wrexham have been recommended for a five-year extension.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing".
A witness has told a court that she was sexually abused and forced to have sex most days in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to be "simple, balanced, consistent and capable" of seeing and doing what is essential in life.
A court in China's far-western region of Xinjiang has begun the trial of prominent Uighur activist Abdul Fattah Tohti.
The mayor of London, Boris Johnson, has survived his first zip wire experience at the Paralympics.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic makes his first start in charge of Reading since the end of the season.
Northern Ireland's Six Nations match against Wales on Saturday has been postponed because of a crash involving a lorry.
Middlesbrough boss Derek Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 2-1 defeat by Hull City.
At least four people have been killed in a shootout with police in northern Mexico, officials say.
What would you do if you were told that your children would have to travel to other schools for A-levels?
The Lion King is among 25 films to be inducted into the US National Film Library's Hall of Fame.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he is relishing the prospect of playing against New Zealand and Australia.
A woman accused of indecently assaulting her brother has told a court she was "hoping to get money" from her alleged abuser.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in the Intercontinental Cup match in India on Saturday.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a knife attack at a school.
Raith Rovers missed the chance to go top of the Scottish League One table as they were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has backed the idea of amateur boxers competing at the Olympics in Rio.
A dawn service has been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran over its behaviour in the Middle East.
The number of GCSEs being entered in England and Northern Ireland has fallen for the second year running.
Four companies have been shortlisted for two new rail franchises in the north of England, the government has announced.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat overturned outside Brixham harbour.
Two human rights groups have called for the remit of an inquiry into historical child abuse to be extended.
Intel has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with slowing demand for its personal computers.
The prime minister is to discuss whether the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during his visit to Indonesia.
Airlines in Wales are to receive £5m in funding from the Welsh government.
A letter written by a first-time mum has been found at a supermarket in Yorkshire.
At least 22 people have been killed in two suicide bomb attacks in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be replaced by a midwife-led unit, the health board has announced.
The Scottish government has said it is confident a new curriculum for secondary schools will produce the results that it needs.
A letter written by the Queen about her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for £14,400.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has spent most of her life in the Rhondda.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow Airport could fall significantly over the next decade, according to new research.
Great Britain's Davis Cup final against Belgium next week will go ahead despite a security alert in the country, says the Federation of Tennis Associations (FTF).
At least 10 people have been killed after a plane crashed into a minivan at a busy airport in Ghana's capital, Accra.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 19-year-old who had befriended him.
She is the daughter of former prison officer David McClarty, who has become Northern Ireland's new justice minister.
Bristol Rovers manager Ken Clarke says the club's owners are "fully behind" his job despite the takeover of the club by the Al-Qadi family.
Japan's labour agency has been charged over the death of a woman who worked more than 100 hours of unpaid overtime.
It's the start of the second round of the FA Cup.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Farai Sevenzo looks at why there is a lack of maintenance in the country.
A cyclist has died after collapsing while trying to raise money for a hospice.
Permian, Khalidi and Cracksman are among the favourites to win the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Epsom.
Production in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
At least three people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the French capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has confirmed he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" at the club.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Republic of Ireland striker David Morrison on a one-year deal.
Attendances at UK sporting events rose by more than 50% in 2015, according to research by Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from the NHS after a woman said she was "butchered and robbed" of her life savings.
Costa Cruises captain Massimo Schettino has been found guilty of causing the sinking of the Costa Concordia.
At London 2012, 12 British Olympians won medals.
Jade Jones could become the next Ronda Rousey when she competes at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, according to former Olympic taekwondo champion John Johns.
I've created a series of photographs of people dressed in their workwear.
Worcestershire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
A rail operator has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates in the valleys.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology to add dimensions to the back of its Moto Z.
In the centre of Latvia's capital Riga, hundreds of people are marching through the streets of the capital, Riga.
Plans to protect areas at risk of flooding in north Wales have been put on hold by the Met Office.
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of former opposition leader Eduardo Cunha, as part of a corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Waters has spoken to a Welsh filmmaker about the impact his film has had on his life.
Theresa May's letter to Theresa May outlining the process for the return of devolved powers to the UK has been described as "unacceptable" by the first minister.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight the militant Islamist group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
A fishing vessel captain has been fined £20,000 after he admitted running a petrol engine for more than an hour while performing a stand-by duty.
English and Welsh MPs should be allowed to speak in the House of Commons on issues that concern them, an MP has said.
Police investigating a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim have said they have found a "substantial number" of explosive devices.
At least 100 people have been killed in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, local media report.
A chronology of key events:Key events:
Wales midfielder Ben Vokes says his side have been unlucky in their World Cup qualifying campaign.
Former NFL star OJ Simpson is to testify in a Las Vegas court in a bid to have his murder conviction quashed.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Conor Sammon on a two-year deal.
German cyclist Andreas Kreuziger has been cleared to race in the Tour de France despite being banned for two years.
The Stakeknife inquiry is being used as a political football to beat the British government, according to the family of one of the victims.
A farmer has criticised supermarket Tesco for using an "inappropriate" image of him pulling carrots on his organic farm.
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Facebook's headquarters in San Francisco last week, he was greeted with a huge outpouring of support.
Former Genk boss Alex McLeish has been appointed as the new coach of Egyptian side Zamalek.
The United Nations has accused Eritrea of committing crimes against humanity, including genocide, in a report on the country's human rights record.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video emerged appearing to show him punching a man in the face.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza Poldark, has died at the age of 90.
Environmental groups WWF and Star Renewable Energy have called for district heating to be more widely used in Scotland.
People who leave rubbish outside wheelie bins in Flintshire will face fines of up to £10,000.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died in a crash have paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by tourists in Europe.
A music festival has been cancelled due to "extremely severe weather conditions", the Met Office has said.
India captain Virat Kohli and batsman AB de Villiers will captain Rising Pune Supergiants in the inaugural Indian Premier League.
Google has developed a new way to deliver internet connectivity to rural areas.
Plans for a major military support depot in Gloucestershire have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence.
Police in Northern Ireland have seized more than £100,000 worth of drugs in a three-month crackdown.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been found at a block of flats in Glasgow city centre.
The UK could introduce work permits for EU citizens if it voted to leave the European Union, a think tank has suggested.
The government is in breach of its obligations to protect air quality, a High Court judge has ruled.
Prosecutors in the US state of Maryland are seeking to reopen the murder trial of serial killer Khalid Syed.
Three pieces of gold worth more than £1,000 have been found during a treasure hunt in Scunthorpe.
A diver who drowned after failing to use his own diving equipment has been jailed.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is a "key player" in the Premier League.
The Stormont Executive is facing a budget crisis unless a deal can be reached by either a direct rule minister or the civil service.
The father of a British toddler detained in Iran is to present a birthday card to his daughter in London.
Scientists in California say they have made the first human foetus in the world.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to violence in the country.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous novels of all time.
Christmas tree lighting in Caerphilly town centres has been cancelled because of budget cuts.
French Ligue 1 club Marseille have agreed a deal to sell the club to French businessman Patrice McCourt.
Sir Chris Hoy has been voted as the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
A woman who was taken to Saudi Arabia by her father has been ordered to return to England or Wales by 11 September.
Cafodd y goeden Bwylaidd 1,400 yn fwy o bleidleisiau yn dilyn ymgyrch gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid.
MPs are to debate plans to allow English MPs to vote on laws affecting England only.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a new study.
The Northern Ireland Executive's plan to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland has been put on hold.
Plans to expand Oxford's tram system have gone on display.
Gay rights activists in the Russian republic of Chechnya say they are being forced to flee the region after reports of a crackdown on gay people.
Nico Rosberg says there is an "urgent urgency" to beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Russia has passed a law that restricts access to social media sites run by opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
Spanish police have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being involved in a ring to hire foreign workers as domestic workers.
Six people have been killed in a gun attack on a train in Berlin, Germany, police say.
Nottingham Forest manager Andrew RT Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club.
Mo Farah stormed to victory in the 10,000m to become the first Briton to win five gold medals at the World Championships.
Theresa Cameron has said her son's death changed her husband's life.
Police are warning people to be very, very careful when answering cold calls after two con victims in the Highlands.
The Catholic priest who led the last rites of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1988 has died.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola says it is "easy to love" his players after his side reached the Champions League semi-finals.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to take part in a bid to improve the way they deal with creameries.
A woman has died and a five-year-old girl has been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a lorry.
Fifa has approved tougher anti-racism measures, including five-match bans for players who commit racist offences.
League One side Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-year deal.
A man has died in a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
Welsh referee Gary Owens says he is planning to stay in charge of the World Cup until 2019.
Five people have been charged in connection with the killing of a Palestinian man in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv last month, officials say.
Real Madrid's Kaka has been called up to Brazil's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the possibility of closing its control room in Dundee.
A man has denied attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Cardiff council AMs are considering banning letting agent fees.
Plastic surgeons in England are being urged to give patients more information about the risks associated with cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards scored a late winner as Arsenal reached the FA Cup quarter-finals with victory over Blackburn.
Howler monkeys have a trade-off between having a bigger vocal tract and producing lots of sperm, a study suggests.
Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison in the US for hacking into the personal email accounts of former US presidents.
Plans for a "truck stunt" event at Cardiff Central station have been approved by the assembly following calls for urgent change.
The head of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has said it is likely some survivors will apply to give evidence to the inquiry.
An Indian man who was beaten up by a man in his shop has told the BBC he fears for his life.
More Welsh-speaking teachers are to be recruited in Wales as part of a drive to improve the education system.
Three nurses have been suspended from practice after a man suffered a brain haemorrhage.
A snowman and a tortoise are among items that have been donated to Surrey's recycling centres, the county council has said.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump tweeted that the attack on the Champs-Elysees theatre in Paris was "very, very terrible".
A US military base in Washington state has been charged with the murder of a soldier who was killed in a car chase last week.
BBC Radio 1 DJ David James has become the latest presenter to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A charity which helps people clean up the Isle of Man's beaches has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the government.
Britain's James Ward produced a stunning comeback to beat John Isner and reach the quarter-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into a Dundee prison has been jailed for five years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University following concerns about the safe storage of chemicals.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened an exhibition in Athens, documenting his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq War is to give evidence to MPs about the government's handling of the conflict.
Mae dweud wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach.
The pound has fallen to new lows against the dollar after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
There has been a "startling disconnect" between policies encouraging whistleblowing and what happens in practice, MPs have said.
Sydney Harbour has switched off its lights for the first time in more than a decade as part of a global campaign.
Thousands of people have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who was found dead in North Korea last year.
World number one Harry Maguire says he is "embarrassed" by his failure to qualify for the second round of the World Championship.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a setback in her bid to win a fourth term in office after the right-wing Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) party won a regional election.
One in four men in the world is a daily smoker, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the drivers of not putting on a "very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined more than £1m after releasing a chemical which could have caused multiple deaths.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are due to meet the prime minister in London later.
Mullah Mansour, the new leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed in a gunfight in the north-western province of Quetta, reports say.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer.
A man who was found dead at a house in Leicestershire has been named by police.
A man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in Glasgow city centre.
Ticket restrictions have been lifted at Chester's League Two match with Northampton Town.
Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two-year deal following his release by West Bromwich Albion.
Police have appealed for witnesses after paint was poured on the front of the Royal Albert Hall in west Belfast.
Ecuador is to protest to the UK over the cost of policing its embassy in London.
In the wake of Russia's air strikes in Syria last month, the Syrian government and the opposition are in advanced talks about a transitional government.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating the absence of Algeria's goalball team from the Rio Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach Europe by boat.
Plans for a new tennis court for Buckingham Palace have been submitted to the council.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has warned that the government's resettlement programme for Syrian refugees faces "significant challenges" because of a lack of suitable housing and school places.
A man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a satellite into orbit around the Sun.
It's a big day for the Scottish government.
The Northern Ireland economy has grown in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Rowing is a sport which is more than a decade older than football but the Edinburgh-Edinburgh Boat Race is set to be one of the oldest in the world.
Nationwide has reported a fall in mortgage lending in the first three months of the year.
A Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian jet in Turkey last month has found no evidence that the plane was shot down, officials say.
Kent have signed South African batsman Sean Dickson as their overseas player for the T20 Blast.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who was badly burned when he was hit by a barbecue has said she felt "relieved" by the incident.
The UK's EU referendum could be the "second-longest suicide note" in Labour's history, a senior MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has told the BBC he is "sorry for football".
A lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World's theme park in Florida after a boy was killed by an alligator.
Michael Gove has said he would have sacked Theresa May if he had been in her shoes.
Scotland's top law officer has said it would not be in the interests of the UK to turn its back on criminal justice co-operation with the EU.
A court in India has ordered Bollywood star Salman Khan to appear in court in connection with a 2002 car crash that killed a man sleeping on the streets of Mumbai.
Residents of a new housing development in Leicester have said they wish they had moved here because of the lack of broadband.
An Australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for helping seven men travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group.
GPs in England are being forced to cut the length of consultations they offer to patients by up to 10 minutes, the British Medical Association has said.
New distilleries in Scotland and England are experiencing a "period of explosive creativity", according to a new report.
Changes to grant funding to the Welsh Government could have a "large negative impact" on the Welsh budget, experts have warned.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has said the Sewol ferry will be raised at the earliest possible date.
The widow of a man shot dead by police has told an inquest she received a text saying her husband was going to kill himself.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Ryan Fitzpatrick share the lead at the halfway stage of the Honda Classic in Florida.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
The number of parks in the UK is at a "tipping point" and councils must take action to protect them, MPs have said.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised on social media for his "social media diplomacy".
A book borrowed from a cathedral school more than 100 years ago has been returned to its former home.
Hull City striker Lucas Clucas has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
The family of a woman who died after suffering a miscarriage at a hospital in Italy has accused a gynaecologist of negligence.
US rock band Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against the owners of the band for unpaid fees.
Nick Kyrgios beat Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A police officer has been jailed for 16 years for raping a woman he met through a text message.
Work is set to begin on a major resurfacing project at one of Scotland's busiest container ports.
Gardeners are being warned to get rid of a plant that has been blighting the landscape in Dumfries and Galloway.
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the company behind a popular hunting TV channel to remove all content related to trophy hunting.
A man has been jailed for sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Wight has paid tribute to him.
A man who carried out a knife attack on a Greek tourist has been jailed for 16 years.
Former Aberdeen and Aberdeen assistant manager Tom Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up for the World Cup qualifiers in June.
A PSNI team has been sent to Northern Ireland to investigate the resettlement of 51 Syrian refugees.
A woman who caused the death of a 58-year-old woman by driving into the face of on-coming traffic has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third stage of the Tour de Yorkshire with a superb sprint finish.
Transgender young people in Scotland are less likely to feel safe and supported by the legal system, according to a charity.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Barcelona striker Neymar has appeared in court in Spain accused of defrauding a Spanish tax office out of millions of dollars.
Postal ballot papers for the general election in Hull have been printed without the full names of the candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Osprey Williams' final-minute try was a "fitting end" to his career.
It's not every day you hear a celebrity talking about their exploits on the pitch.
A company has said it is considering legal action against the National Trust over its refusal to allow it to survey land for shale gas.
Five men have been arrested after drugs worth £1m were seized in a series of raids, police have said.
Manchester City have signed Tottenham right-back Kyle Walker for £50m.
A racoon has been rescued after jumping from the roof of a house.
A dog has been stolen from a pet grooming centre in Aberdeen.
A Rwandan man has been extradited to Canada to face charges of inciting genocide during the 1994 genocide.
A vote to leave the European Union would make the UK less attractive to international students, according to a survey.
A father in Australia has been jailed for seven and a half years for sexually abusing his 14-year-old daughter.
The Serial podcast is to be turned into a TV series.
The current council tax system in Scotland is "unfair", according to a report.
More than 200 hens have been put up for adoption in Wrexham after they were found to be too weak to lay eggs.
Hull FC have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man whose remains were found in a lay-by may not have been murdered, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football.
A faulty gene has been linked to an increased risk of a stroke in the Caucasian population, UK researchers say.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney charged with aiding and abetting the murder of a police officer.
Google has announced it is shutting down its Explorer programme for its Glass smart glasses.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has ordered a major overhaul of the security services, state media report.
Farming supplies group Harbro has reported a rise in profits and turnover, despite the impact of Brexit.
US President Donald Trump has said he will "have to see" whether special counsel Robert Mueller should recuse himself from an investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election.
The government should rethink its policy on term-time holidays after a High Court ruling that a father took his children on a seven-day holiday to Disney World, the shadow education secretary has said.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has said his wife was killed by a gunman who opened fire on her in the capital, Burundi.
Telecoms giant O2 and Vodafone are to meet later to discuss how to speed up the rollout of 4G services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Premier League and Football Association chiefs have backed a proposal to increase the number of teams in the English Football League.
The government's decision to restrict the entry of Indian chefs into Scotland has been described as "total insanity" by one of the country's leading curry houses.
England fly-half Chris Robshaw says his side's discipline was "shocking" as they lost to France in their final warm-up game.
A batch of Bombay Sapphire gin has been recalled in Canada after it was found to be too high.
Professional boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering severe bleeding to his brain during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has agreed to fix its emissions software in a bid to cut nitrogen oxide pollution.
Scientists have developed a new mix of cement that will be able to keep radioactive waste away from a nuclear disposal facility.
Team news for the weekend's Division Two games between Pembroke and Bready.
A football fan has admitted throwing a corkscrew at Clacton fans during a match.
The Public Prosecution Service (PEN) has announced a boycott of a US literary event in protest at the publication's depiction of the Prophet Mohammed.
The NHS in England should not be paying more than 55% above normal shift rates for agency staff, the health regulator has said.
A glass factory in County Antrim is to close with the loss of 50 jobs, the union Unite has said.
For three times in the past five years, Poundland has sold millions of pounds worth of goods.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car mounted the pavement and smashed into a barrier on an island.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a 21-year-old woman was found dead at a flat in County Antrim.
A new method of giving contraception to women in sub-Saharan Africa has been developed by the Gates Foundation.
The police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland is to resume investigations into more than 150 historical incidents in the next six years.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
Gusts of up to 70mph (113km/h) have hit parts of Wales, causing damage and disruption.
A soldier has died and four others have been injured after their vehicle plunged into a river in South Korea, the army says.
Michael Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the investigation into corruption at Fifa, has died at the age of 87.
Connacht missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys at Kingspan Stadium.
It's been a tough few months for Billy, who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident last year.
A Sunderland DIY music shop that was hailed as one of the best in the UK has closed after it was sold for student accommodation.
Luton Town have offered new contracts to four players, including goalkeeper Ben King, and defender Jack Potts.
Lille striker Karim Benzia has submitted a transfer request to world football's governing body Fifa.
England women's netball team are to be awarded central contracts for the next two Superleague tournaments.
South Wales Police has been re-elected to the post of police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimicks the ability of folic acid to latch on to cancer cells has shown promise in early stages of ovarian cancer, say researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released a CCTV video of the last time she was seen.
When The KLF announced their retirement from the music industry in 1994, they said they would never play again.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after being seriously injured in a crash during testing.
A large fire has broken out at a derelict building in Glasgow city centre.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned more than 100 civil servants from going to China for further education, state media report.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of relegation from the Championship is "frightening" and "exciting".
More than 100 British soldiers are due to leave their base in Afghanistan for the first time in more than a year.
When Laura Pergolizzi was a teenager in Greece, she thought she was going to be a pop star.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move to within three points of the Premier League leaders.
Former British middleweight champion Nicky Wilkins has been banned from boxing for two years after being found guilty of dangerous conduct.
A Liverpool fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster was reunited with her mother after the disaster, inquests have heard.
The inventor of a robot that can be used to play video games is to be part of a new music festival in Moray.
League Two side Cambridge United will host League Two side Manchester United in the second round of the FA Cup.
Hugh Hogan, Manny Smith and Joe Mafuta have all been recalled by Northampton Town following their relegation from the National League.
Manchester City midfielder Leroy Sane is available to face Liverpool after missing the win over Monaco with a hamstring injury.
Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just one season in charge.
A beekeeper died after suffering an allergic reaction to a bee sting, a coroner has ruled.
Forest Green came from behind to beat Torquay 5-5 in the National League.
When the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram abducted two teenage girls from a school in the northern town of Chibok in April last year, Rev Mark Adebayo's family fled to the north-east of the country.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill which would make smacking children a criminal offence.
In 1952, the British military launched a counter-insurgency campaign against the Mau Mau rebels in the Kenyan Highlands.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Pictures have emerged showing Prince Harry helping to remove a crocodile from a harbour in Australia's Northern Territory.
Australia umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has said the company's decision to sponsor the Olympic Games in Rio was "the right decision".
Crayfish are being re-introduced to the River Wye in a bid to prevent a total wipe-out of the native species.
Security staff have been evacuated from the O2 arena after a fire broke out at a restaurant.
Dallas Buyers Club has topped the US box office chart for the first time since the film was nominated for an Oscar.
A New York state inquiry is under way into an inky and foul-smelling cloud of water that washed up on Niagara Falls.
Dundee midfielder Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Chris Hemmings at the club.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics will be held in Norway, with the goal of developing the next generation of Olympians.
A UKIP councillor has defected to the Democratic Independent Group.
The Education Standards Authority (Ofqual) has told exam boards in England to use "comparable outcomes" to ensure pupils get the same grades year-on-year.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen, officials say.
It is Christmas Eve and many Palestinian Christians are celebrating the birth of their first child.
North Wales Police has been rated as "requires improvement" in a report by the UK's most senior police watchdog.
A make-up artist who has worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on films including The Revenant has been praised by the actor.
The mother of a three-year-old boy who needs a second transplant has said she is "extremely grateful" to a donor who paid for his treatment.
The European Commission has fined 11 airlines, including Air France, KLM and Lufthansa, for infringement of their rights of defence.
Bournemouth striker Steve King says the club's mentality will not see them take the "foot off the gas" in the fight to avoid relegation.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal.
The thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba has been a remarkable year for the two nations.
Olympique de Marseille owner Jacques McCourt has announced plans to buy the French club for an undisclosed sum.
Astronaut Emmanuel Pesquet has posted a series of photos of the spectacular colours of the night sky over Belgium.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young sons and their sister in a Kiev flat.
Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton Under-21 midfielder Jack McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
A southern bypass route for the A303 in London could be considered as part of a £1.4bn upgrade of the road around Stonehenge, it has been revealed.
Saracens captain Chris Borthwick had a busy day at the weekend.
The United Nations has accused Myanmar's security forces of systematically and systematically killing members of the Rohingya Muslim minority.
A burst water pipe has caused major disruption to schools and businesses in the West Midlands.
Guernsey manager Kevin Vance says his side could have done without their FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Bournemouth.
There are "four, five or six nations" that have a problem with Russian athletics, says former World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy is not working to protect young Muslims from being radicalised, a Labour MP has said.
The Emmerdale set is to be opened to the public for the first time, ITV has announced.
More than 25 teachers have called in sick at a Catholic school in County Londonderry.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Francesco Cesare looks at how the rural Mafia is trying to destroy his business in Sicily.
The BBC has developed an app that allows people with learning disabilities to control programmes via their brainwaves.
A new augmented reality experience is to be offered at this year's Celtic Festival.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Houvenaghel has withdrawn from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow because of a back injury.
The main draw at Wimbledon will be played on the middle Sunday, organisers have announced.
Police in Sicily have detained 15 volunteers suspected of setting fires deliberately in the heatwave.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has reached a 10-year high, the NSPCC has said.
The US is warning airlines about a possible plot to bring down a US-bound airliner, US officials say.
North Korea has said it has made significant progress in miniaturising its nuclear weapons.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms in a show of force in the region, hours after a ceasefire was agreed in Minsk.
Richard Keogh's header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby.
A woman who was convicted in 1990 of arranging the murder of her son, Christoper Milke, has lost a retrial in the case.
Emergency services at East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) have been told they must improve to meet demand.
Tommy Mooy's first-half strike earned Huddersfield Town a narrow victory at Leeds to move them up to second in the Championship.
A former BBC reporter has told a disciplinary tribunal she was subjected to "internal corruption and poor management" at the corporation.
A man has been rescued from a fire at a house in Edinburgh.
The search for a group of mountaineers who went missing in the US state of Washington has been suspended after they were caught in an avalanche.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Queen's United came from behind to beat Queen's Rangers 4-2 in Scottish League Two.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years suffered a blow as they were beaten by the Wallabies in Brisbane.
The ousted chairman of India's Tata Group has written to the board of the Tata Group, accusing the firm of failing to turn around its fortunes.
Defending champions Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they are "still in shock" at the terror attacks in Paris.
Widnes Vikings have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League after their Super League game against Widnes was abandoned because of a deteriorating pitch.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent".
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he will run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016.
Juan Mata scored twice as Chelsea secured their third win in four Premier League games with victory over Sunderland.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said the country has the capability to attack the US in the Pacific.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered fell more than 5% after the bank announced plans to raise $1.1bn (£1.2bn) in a share sale.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire.
The number of Bengal tigers in the Sunderbans region of Bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a metatarsal fracture in Saturday's 1-1 draw with West Brom.
The remaining board members of Sport NI have resigned.
A malicious software that infects home routers is being targeted by hackers, according to security firm Symantec.
It's been a week of violence in Germany's top flight.
A stretch of the A470 in Powys has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours.
Mexican Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned amid controversy over his role in Donald Trump's controversial visit to the US.
The battle to recapture the Iraqi city of Tal Afar has been described as a "perfect storm".
Lee Novak scored a late equaliser as Fleetwood came from behind to draw with Charlton.
Portsmouth's board should be given the chance to make their own decision on the future of the club, according to the club's chairman Lee Brown.
A camera has been used to film a dead turtle on the Great Barrier Reef in the Australian outback.
Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for League One strugglers Scunthorpe at Vale Park.
Matt Revell and Ryan Varney scored late penalties as Ipswich came from behind to beat MK Dons.
Former Fifa star Mohamed Weah has been elected Liberia's first female president, in the country's first general election since the Ebola outbreak.
England's Tommy Fleetwood missed out on a place in the final round of the Shanghai Masters as Germany's Bernd Wiesberger won a penalty shoot-out.
Liverpool Ladies have signed Canada international Mandy van den Berg on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed defender Myles Anderson and striker Ruairi Keating on loan until the end of the season.
Belfast City Council has agreed to carry out a full review into the storage of bonfire material in a public car park.
The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary has been compiled by the Oxford University lexicographer.
TVR is to build its next generation of cars in south Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "all over the place" as he suffered one of the worst performances of his career in the British Grand Prix.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer led the FTSE 100 higher after the retailer warned of a hit to profits.
Portadown have been handed a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association for breaching rules on player eligibility.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former treasurer of the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £5,000.
Astronomers have discovered even more massive stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have shut the Curva Sud section of their Olimpico stadium after racist chants were directed at Mario Balotelli.
Craig Tanner's second-half strike earned Plymouth victory over Crawley to move them out of the League Two relegation zone.
US cable network Discovery has agreed to buy media company Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£11bn).
Steven Caulker suffered a cut to his head during a QPR training session, according to the club.
Oscar-winning actress Barbra Streisand has asked Apple to change the pronunciation of her name.
Egyptian security forces have clashed with protesters in the capital Cairo, hours after a policeman allegedly shot dead a street vendor.
The US drug company behind a controversial increase in the price of a prescription drug has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County striker Leon Martin says he feels a lot lighter after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Glasgow has been diverted to Glasgow after a "smoke of burning" on board.
The health of five-year-olds in Wales has improved significantly since the 1970s and 1980s, according to the latest Welsh Government survey.
The strength of the pound has helped to boost exports to the UK, according to the Ulster Bank.
A new masterplan for a multi-million pound development in Manchester has been unveiled by the city's mayor, Phil Neville.
A man has died after being hit by a motorbike in South Yorkshire.
Former Crusaders captain Kevin Callaghan has been appointed as the new manager of Carrick Rangers.
A man who shook a two-week-old baby until he began to cry has been jailed for five years.
British number one Kyle Edmund is through to the second round of the China Open after beating Spain's Carla Garcia-Lopez.
A teenager who went missing after being dropped off at school in Leicestershire has been found dead.
Chester secured their first National League win of the season with a 3-0 victory over Dagenham.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed ex-Dagenham & Redbridge captain Ben Wood on a two-year deal.
A "serious democratic deficit" in local elections in England has been identified by the Electoral Commission, with fewer than 20% of the electorate eligible to vote.
Wales fly-half Matthew Morgan has signed a new three-year contract with Cardiff Blues.
Conor Henderson has signed a new two-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports that striker Peter Crouch could leave the club in January.
A portrait by Andy Warhol of Mao Zedong is expected to fetch up to $15m (£12.1m) at an auction in Hong Kong next month.
Planning permission has been granted for a garden house in the shape of a flower, following a review by Bolton Council.
Channing Tatum is to play a mermaid in a remake of the Oscar-nominated film 21 Jump Street.
Moths have been installed in Hull to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of Hull woman Amy Johnson.
The chancellor has said the government will "reset fiscal policy" if it is necessary following the UK's decision to leave the EU.
A new arts festival is to be staged in London next month, organisers have announced.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the opening game of the EuroHockey Championships in Stuttgart.
A council has lost a High Court battle over a fine for taking its daughter on a family trip to Disneyland.
A teenager who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike has been released from hospital.
A US soldier who killed 10 Taliban fighters in an attack on an Afghan outpost has been awarded the Medal of Honor.
The government should introduce a cap on the number of unskilled migrants coming to the UK, a cross-party group of MPs has said.
A number of Crystal Palace fans had to be evacuated from a London Underground station after a fire broke out during the FA Cup final.
Katarina Seonaid and her sister Jennifer have both won gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in France.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The British skeleton team, led by Lizzie Yarnold, is one of the most successful in the sport's history.
Samantha Adams will make her professional debut when she defends her WBA super-flyweight title against Mexico's Juana Salazar in Manchester on Saturday.
Olympic silver medallist Liam Heath won the K1 200m kayak event for the first time in his career.
The Ellan Vannin football team have qualified for next year's European Under-21 Championship.
The last of Bristol's oldest boats has left the city for Edinburgh, ending a 37-year lease.
Too many older people in care homes have an "unacceptable quality of life", a report has said.
The government is to double the right to buy in England, in a bid to encourage more people to take up the scheme.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by more than a third in a year.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Edinburgh.
Portsmouth have signed Belgium international midfielder Ousmane Coulibaly on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest manager Paulo Brazil says he is "not aware of where the club are in terms of looking for a new manager".
Hundreds of koalas, kangaroos and wallabies have been injured by bushfires in Australia.
More needs to be done to diagnose newborn babies with a cleft lip or palate, surgeons say.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have had their employment terminated, the BBC understands.
Mansfield Town have signed Macclesfield Town striker Ryan Parkin on a free transfer.
Jeremy Corbyn has promised to expand bus services to areas not currently covered by the government's Bus Services Bill.
People on low carbohydrate and low fat diets have lost an average of 7.3kg (16lb) over the course of 12 months, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by heavy metal frames.
England international Laura Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has urged Super League to "give Super League a pat on the back" after winning the 2017 World Club Series.
The United Nations has agreed to allow satellites to transmit real-time data from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
China has admitted that illegal trade in tiger skins is happening in the country, wildlife experts say.
The UK economy is likely to slow down this year as consumer spending slows and inflation rises, according to a new report.
A man who threatened to shoot police officers in Flintshire has admitted making threats to kill them.
Dutch airline KLM has expanded its flights between Inverness and Amsterdam.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster in a thrilling Pro12 play-off.
Plans for a UK spaceport in Snowdonia have been submitted to the UK government.
Arcade Fire dominated the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury on Friday night, as the festival was hit by a severe thunderstorm.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the start date for the Women's World Twenty20.
At least four people have been killed in an ambush by Boko Haram militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Veteran Irish actor and actor John Lally has died at the age of 74.
Middlesex batsman Mark Robson hit his highest-ever first-class score as his side dominated day two against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
A coral reef in China has suffered its worst coral bleaching in more than 50 years, according to scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after a new bailout deal for Cyprus collapsed.
A cancer patient has reached the summit of Mount Everest after raising more than £40,000 for charity.
A community hall in Denbighshire is to be taken over by a parish after it was charged a rent of more than £1,000.
Tributes have been paid to a man who was among three people killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
The quality of teaching in Welsh schools is a "vital factor" in raising standards further, according to education watchdog Estyn.
A number of Muslim-led campaigns have been launched to protect Jewish cemeteries across the US.
Two brothers have been jailed for their part in the murder of a drug dealer who was attacked with a samurai sword.
Pop star Kylie Minogue took to the stage for the first time in two years to perform at the Parklife festival in Manchester.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton is to leave the Championship club at the end of the season.
The head of the centre-right European Parliament (UMP) party in France has said there was a "horrible spiral" in the party's finances.
President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since the country split from the US in 1959.
Ferry services have resumed after a fire broke out on board a cargo ship.
Two men have been jailed for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice after a man was killed in a crash in Dubai.
The UK-based cosmetics firm Nivea has withdrawn an advert for a black-and-white moisturiser after it was branded racist.
Cambridge extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Exeter.
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has joined Premiership side Sale Sharks on a two-year deal.
UK scientists are launching a new mapping exercise to help them better understand the causes of big earthquakes.
Here is the full text of the prime minister's statement after the election results were announced.
England's Women's Twenty20 series against South Africa was abandoned at the end of day two at The Wanderers.
UKIP Wales MEP Nathan Gill has not resigned from his job as an MEP, the party's MEP for Mid and West Wales has said.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Bristol was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam due to a "strong smell of smoke".
Too many young people in England are being offered qualifications of little worth as it should be by society, a think tank has said.
Plans for a £1bn hydroelectric scheme in Snowdonia have been shelved by the company behind the project.
A gang has been jailed for eight years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into Wales.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has suffered brain damage during a pre-season friendly, the club has confirmed.
More than 70 years ago, Sir William Shakespeare was the founder of the concept of the "national minimum".
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A.
A London-based financial services firm has announced plans to create 500 jobs in the city.
David Cameron deserves to be the UK's next Nato secretary-general, a senior MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the 2012 Olympics.
Twitter has become a platform for social media users in Russia, where the political tensions between the West and the Kremlin are escalating.
Hibernian have appointed Neil Lennon as their new manager.
Cameroon defender Adama Chedjou has joined Turkish champions İstanbul Basaksehir.
West Lothian and Livingston are home to some of Scotland's most important mining communities.
The Home Office is to introduce a new law to make it easier for police, security services and other agencies to hack into children's toys.
Myanmar's armed groups have signed a collective agreement with the government to end decades of conflict.
Venezuelan military jets have shot down two unauthorised planes allegedly trying to land in the country's airspace.
Mental health services for pregnant and newborn women are to be funded by the Welsh government.
The world's biggest mobile phone maker has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) to settle a US probe into its export practices.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers in the world has risen sharply, according to a UN report.
A man who stabbed his wife to death in a "stabbing frenzy" has been discharged from the State Hospital at Carstairs.
France will remain "by the side" of the Malian army for as long as it takes, the UN special envoy to Mali has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a $3.1bn (Â£2.3bn) deal to combat cybercrime.
Hundreds of people have been stranded in cars after heavy rain caused flooding in Warwickshire.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the rooftop of a London boutique.
Theresa May has chosen a UKIP-style version of Brexit which will "cause a squeeze" on public services, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Veteran Simpsons actor Harry Shearer has pulled out of the show after reports he was offered a new deal.
Student nurses in England are to have to take out student loans to pay for their courses, as part of plans to scrap bursaries.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have been thrown into the spotlight.
Olympic gold medallist Kadeena Richards-Ross says she has been inspired by the support of other female athletes who have had abortions.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the UK will not be able to resolve the issue of the Irish border unless it knows what a free trade agreement is.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats are holding a conference in Edinburgh later.
Actress Lizzie Jumbo has criticised the lack of opportunities for black actors in the UK.
The government's plans for more selective education in England may only help some of the most disadvantaged pupils, say researchers.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he has been "made out of glass" as he continues to struggle with injury.
I remember the moment when I was offered the chance to film the launch of the iPhone 10 years ago.
A £58m research and innovation complex has been officially opened in Newcastle.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former England Under-20 coach Helen Grayson as their new head coach.
Bristol Rovers have signed Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Sweeney and Stoke City defender Dominic Telford on season-long loan deals.
The UK's inflation rate rose slightly in May, helped by falling food and fuel costs, official figures show.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will get tax sharing powers before 2021.
Olympic silver medallist Sarah Graddon says she is ready to retire from diving.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two commuter trains in California, US officials say.
The Pirate Bay website has been back online for the first time in more than a decade.
Match previews for the weekend's Premier League and Championship games.
Global temperatures will almost certainly rise above 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to a new study.
The number of animal welfare cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales rose last year, according to new figures.
A drug dealer who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard after she went missing has been jailed.
Cliftonville manager Jim Mulgrew is relishing the prospect of facing Ards in the Gibson Cup on Tuesday night.
How safe are the world's big international banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Mark Ingram says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Indian Premier League.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Australian Grand Prix as Red Bull said it was "the wrong way to go".
A former Fifa official has been suspended for three years for discussing work placements for relatives of Qatar's 2022 World Cup bid.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Edinburgh.
A collection of photographs taken during the 1970s and 1980s protest movement Rock Against Racism is to go on display in London.
Michael Vaughan says Newcastle's new-look squad need to be mentally tough if they are to reach the Championship play-offs.
When Rex Tillerson announced that the US was withdrawing from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, it was widely interpreted as a blow to his campaign.
Barcelona midfielder Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" after their Champions League quarter-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said a merger of the Leave and Remain campaigns will be a "unifying moment" for those backing EU exit.
A group of Muslim clerics in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger jailed for blasphemy.
A company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died after inhaling "volatile" chemicals while wearing a face mask.
The UK's first nuclear-powered submarine has been launched at the Royal Navy's Barrow yard.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he wants manager Chris Coleman to stay at the club for "many years to come".
A security system designed to keep tabs on the movement of goods around the world is vulnerable to hackers, a security expert has said.
There was no Joan Collins in the Queen's New Year's Honours list.
An Egyptian goose nest has been discovered in a nesting box at a nature reserve in Norfolk.
Burnley striker Ben Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 to earn Surrey a draw with Hampshire in the One-Day Cup.
Southern Cross, the UK's largest care home operator, is in talks with the government over its future, the BBC understands.
The number of cancer patients in England who have to wait more than two months for treatment has fallen, according to two charities.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals would lose their habitats under climate change, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported pre-tax profits of £1.1m for the year to the end of August, boosted by record passenger numbers.
A former cabinet minister and ex-economy chief councillor have been found guilty of misconduct over the sale of council properties, a report has said.
Arsenal and Chelsea have agreed to donate £1.25m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Rescue workers in rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo say they have been unable to bring in supplies for more than a week.
A patient died after falling from a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital, a court has heard.
The status and professional excellence of religious education in secondary schools in England is at the "worst possible moment", Archbishop of Canterbury John Williams has said.
A large fire has broken out in a row of five terraced houses in Londonderry.
Plans to create a single council in Oxfordshire have been backed by the county council.
National League side Torquay United have signed midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a rise in like-for-like sales for the first half of the year.
Nato warships have begun a major search for a German U-boat in the shallow waters off the coast of Norway.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded in California, destroying a cargo ship that was due to launch.
A woman accused of pointing a gun at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine has been remanded in custody.
Scientists have recreated the dramatic collapse of a crater created by the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after he was charged with assaulting a woman at a court in Johannesburg.
Joe McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the World League 2 semi-finals in Belfast.
An investigation has been launched into the disappearance of seahorses from a beach in Bristol.
An Indian artist who created sculptures at a rock garden in the western city of Chandigarh has died at the age of 88.
British Cycling was not based around motivation through fear, says former head coach Paul Brailsford.
Draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland have been published by the Department of Health.
The timetable for public exams for 2016 has been drawn up 18 months before it was published.
Zinedine Zidane has been granted a licence to work as a reserve-team coach in Spain.
A new dual carriageway in Taunton has opened after more than two years of delays.
Peterborough United manager Peter McCann says Kieran Maddison is one of the best players in the Championship.
Police Scotland has said it will take no steps leading to the closure of its control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will retire from international football after Sweden's World Cup play-off defeat by Portugal.
Burundi's prosecutor's office has confirmed that a military general was killed in a reprisal attack.
Oscar-winning actress Sofia Vergara has topped Forbes' list of the world's highest paid actresses.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Nepal have been forced to flee their homes in the wake of Saturday's earthquake, officials say.
Cuba's president has accused US President Donald Trump of using "old and hostile rhetoric" against the island, in his first public comment on the policy.
Actor David Tennant has said he "knew" he was going to star in a new play about Shakespeare.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the way it protects President Barack Obama, a review has found.
Gibraltar has said it wants to remain in the European Union.
Drivers on Arriva Trains Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pay, the RMT union has said.
Paraguay's President Fernando Lugo has said he will not seek re-election in the lower house of parliament, after a series of violent protests.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin by phone on Tuesday, German media report.
Syrian rebels say they have captured the town of al-Rai from Islamic State (IS) militants.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan was beaten 10-1 by Judd Trump in the first round of the World Championship.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the general election.
The number of women being stalked by their ex-partners has risen by more than 50% in the past five years, a charity has said.
China is set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Bank staff in England and Wales are to be trained in how to spot fraudsters.
Labour is hoping to gain control of Ealing Central and Acton in the general election.
Five Ospreys rugby players have taken part in a recycling collection in Bridgend county.
Flights from Edinburgh to London have been forced to make an emergency landing due to bad weather conditions at Gatwick Airport.
Mexico striker Javier Hernandez has joined West Ham on a season-long loan from Bayer Leverkusen.
When you think of Shakespeare's theatre, you might think of an indoor playhouse.
Swansea City Council has agreed a deal to buy the Premier League club from Swansea City Council.
Queens Park Rangers manager Rio Ferdinand has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association after his side's 2-1 defeat by Tottenham.
Scarlets captain Sean Barclay says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Pro12 final with Glasgow Warriors.
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry 40 years ago.
A story that a Chinese teenager was found hiding in a cargo hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has gone viral on Chinese social media.
It would be a "huge risk" to take the iPlayer service off air, the director general of the BBC has said.
A new coal-fired power station is to be built next to a decommissioned Ferrybridge power station.
More than half a million African-American men and women served in the Caribbean during World War Two.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" that the women's football team will not be able to compete at the Olympics.
A rare bird of prey has returned to Breckland farms after a two-year absence.
Former Scottish Labour leader Jack McConnell has described Johann Lamont's resignation as "outrageous".
Japanese chipmaker Softbank has agreed to buy British technology firm ARM Holdings for £20bn.
Edinburgh City secured a place in the second round of the Scottish Cup with a 2-2 draw away to Dunfermline Athletic.
One in eight workers in the UK is too ill to work before they even get to the state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
An investigation has found that a hospital in Coventry could be destroyed in a fire in the unlikely event of a fire.
A man has been charged with causing an explosion at a police station in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has launched a new set of stamps to mark the 150th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have been targeted by a cyber-attack, the company has said.
The Isle of Man's first Pilates class has been recreated in memory of a former prisoner of war.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom, covered in a duvet.
The NHS in England is expected to overspend by £1.5bn this year, according to official figures.
David Cameron has been urged to take action to prevent a "surge" of migrants moving into the UK if he wins a deal on his EU reform deal.
Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to compete in the Tour de France again, according to former race winner Chris LeMond.
Malaysia has criticised Swiss authorities for saying billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has been asked to investigate the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advertisement for a workshop in Londonderry in 1986.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has topped the US box office in its first weekend of release, earning $55.4m (Â£40m).
Microsoft has revealed details of its new console, Project Scorpio, which will be the world's most powerful gaming console.
A UKIP MP has resigned after Facebook posts in which he called for the arrest of Adolf Eichmann.
They're one of the most famous children's books of all time.
Supermarket chain Pret has said it will pay 16-18-year-olds who took part in its "big experience week" to get a taste of its business.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club's takeover has "saved" his job.
Poet KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut short story, Disappearances.
A series of shark attacks off the coast of Egypt has left one person dead and several others injured.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a concert in Edinburgh to raise money for the victims of the Nepal earthquake.
Thousands of farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh.
Alastair Cook has had his fair share of criticism over the past few years.
The UK commander in Afghanistan has warned against "playing the Taliban's game" after a surge in insurgent attacks in the country.
Here is a quick guide to the dangers of lightning in the UK.
The legal battle over the takeover of Lotus by Renault Sport has been adjourned until the end of December.
Northamptonshire held Sussex to a draw in a rain-affected Division Two match at Hove.
Wayne Bennett's appointment as England head coach is a "huge step forward" for rugby league, says Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin.
Chelsea Ladies secured their first win of the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 1-1 draw against Yeovil Town at the Hetton Centre.
A boy was sexually abused at a Jersey care home, a public inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head by a gunman in Congo has said she wants to help free one of the men who carried out the attack.
In the 1980s, Fiji international John Matavesi was working as a tin miner in a tin mine in the south of the country.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Inverness.
An 18-year-old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A BBC investigation has found that staff at betting shop Coral were told to do "absolutely anything" to make customers feel comfortable at the machines.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City midfielder David Straker on a one-month loan deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched by police investigating the Westminster terror attack, the Metropolitan Police has said.
The attack on a Buddhist shrine in Bangkok on Monday is the latest in a series of attacks on the country's tourism industry.
A police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting two women in his car.
Boris Johnson has been accused of breaking the law after footage emerged of him giving his wife a lift on his bike.
The PSNI has said it is investigating a spate of sex acts involving men in Northern Ireland.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, is back in the White House.
A rare ridley turtle found on Anglesey has been moved to a larger tank in their aquarium.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall came from behind to beat Swindon.
Police in three Denbighshire towns are to take over the running of CCTV in the area in a bid to save money.
South Sudan beat Madagascar 2-0 on aggregate to reach the second round of the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN).
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said the country will never stop supporting its friends in the Middle East.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania has said he will not be allowed to carry guns on campus.
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot of UKIP's leadership contest, the party has confirmed.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on a season-long loan deal.
A Dumfries teacher who downloaded indecent images of children has been banned from teaching for life.
A man who posted "highly offensive" Facebook messages about Islam has had his firearms licence revoked.
Armenian weightlifter Arsen Vardanian has been banned for six months after failing a drugs test at the 2008 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker David Pilkington says it will be a "tough season" for the Bluebirds.
The parents of a woman who was stalked by a soldier have spoken of their shock at her death.
Lord Strathclyde has resigned as Conservative leader of the House of Lords.
A sandwich manufacturer in County Londonderry has gone into administration.
The chief executive of a Japanese office worker who was killed by overwork has said he will resign.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife by setting fire to a frying pan in their Chelmsford home.
At least eight people have been killed in two bomb attacks on an army bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Consultation has begun on plans to store nuclear waste from submarines at a site north of the border with the Republic of Ireland.
Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "rather perplexed" by the debate over corporate taxes in the UK.
Mozambique, a country on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore gas fields, is one of Africa's poorest countries.
A Robin Hood impersonator and his Maid Marian partner are getting married in Nottingham.
Tom Main's first-half strike earned Oldham victory over Southend to move them out of the League One relegation zone.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of some of the country's largest agricultural properties to foreign investors.
Bradford City came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town in League One.
Prince Harry has visited one of the world's most remote communities on the final day of his Caribbean tour.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines - the Ampatuan clan - is about more than just the murder of innocent civilians.
I don't know what to make of the Greek bailout deal.
London Underground (LU) union members have voted to accept a pay and conditions deal, paving the way for a Night Tube service.
The chairman of Swansea City youth football club has died at the age of 87.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Gallacher and Airdrieonians goalkeeper Lee Hollis on loan until the end of the season.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A British soldier who was shot dead in Afghanistan has been named.
Firefighters have tackled 332 acres of wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of May.
The Queen's granddaughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, has been named as the UK's most influential woman.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Gary Higgins both won in the first round of the Home Nations Series event in Glasgow, which ended in a 4-1 defeat by Paul White.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be involved in the fight against HIV/Aids.
A planned strike by Tower Transit drivers and engineers has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US.
St Helens have signed Newcastle Falcons full-back Tyler Williams on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, has invested $2bn (£1.3bn) in Twitter, the company has announced.
More needs to be done to make a career in sport more attractive to women, according to a survey by UK Sport.
A Dalek from Doctor Who is expected to fetch up to £1m when it goes up for auction later this month.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won his legal battle against the club over a sponsorship deal.
The former head of the Northern Ireland Monitoring Commission has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal on the legacy of the Troubles.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a blaze at a block of flats in East Lothian.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has landed in Kenya for the first time since it was grounded in January.
A team of Pakistani graffiti artists has commissioned an episode of the US TV series Homeland to be broadcast in the UK.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful racehorses, has died at the age of nine.
A pilots' union has lodged an appeal against a High Court decision not to hand over the cockpit voice recorder from a helicopter crash.
As the Conservative conference gets under way in Chequers, BBC News looks at how the party's MPs in the North East are feeling about the Brexit vote.
Five people have died after taking heroin in Caerphilly county.
Domino's Australia has agreed to buy pizza chain Joey's Pizza in Germany for an undisclosed sum.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in Bangor.
A man has been charged with historical sex offences against a boy in Cumbria.
A former vice-president of the world football governing body Fifa has pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy in the US.
It's been a week of surprises for the Clinton campaign.
A group of women who posed as undercover police officers to infiltrate environmental groups have told MPs they were "devastated" by the revelations.
A British man who faked his own death in Syria has been charged with terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a tunnel.
Senior Tory backbenchers have told me that they are nervous about the prospect of a leadership election.
The government has called for changes to the way the Football Association is run.
The Conservatives' manifesto for the general election is short on policy.
Bangladesh beat England by 108 runs in the second Test in Dhaka to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that the world is on the brink of a 2C (3.6F) rise in global temperatures.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby at the age of 28.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
The UK is the largest exporter of lamb to Europe, according to the European Commission.
GPs in England are being paid thousands of pounds to reduce the number of patients being referred to hospital, a BBC investigation has found.
West Ham midfielder Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Top Gear presenters Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond could remain on the BBC Two show, according to the show's director of content, Andy Yentob.
Bus users in Bristol have said they are concerned about the future of the city's new express bus service.
Andrew Davies has set a new world record in the shot put at the Diamond League meet in Arizona.
It's one of the most unforgettable moments of a cycling career.
When Doga Makiura set out to visit schools in Rwanda in the early 1990s, he had no idea what he would achieve.
Sheffield United have released seven players, including midfielder Rob Baxter, following his release by the club.
The Bank of England has launched the Financial Services Loan Scheme (FLS).
A Canadian woman has won more than C$1m (Â£770,000) in a lottery drawing in Ontario, Canada.
Same-sex marriage is legal in Northern Ireland, a High Court judge has ruled.
A ram has been chosen to be the mascot of a regiment in the Royal Regiment of Foot.
Matt Parkin and Ryan Frear scored as Forest Green beat Halifax to extend their unbeaten run to 13 games.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after he was found with knives and an axe near an Army base in Herefordshire.
Pete Kennaugh clinched the overall victory in the Tour of Britain.
Eilish McColgan's new prosthetic foot looks like something out of The Terminator.
Edinburgh prop Tom Dickinson says the club must win every game in the Six Nations to secure a play-off place.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was the youngest of the victims of the 7/7 attacks.
When it comes to hip-hop, it's pretty common.
Scottish Power is launching a new way of buying energy from suppliers.
US Senator John McCain has arrived in Syria to meet senior rebel commanders, the BBC understands.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
A teenager from West Lothian who was battling a rare form of cancer has died at the age of 15.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron is to give a speech at the Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign has been launched to highlight the dangers of underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi forces say they have made progress in their battle to retake the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS).
China's government has called for environmental protection to be a key plank of its five-year economic plan.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house hit by Japan's earthquake in August.
Media in Europe have been reacting to the results of the French and Greek elections.
Archaeologists have begun a search for clues about the burial place of King Henry I.
Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with the Sian Phillips award at the Welsh Television Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has been fined $10,000 (£6,000) by Fifa for homophobic chanting during World Cup qualifying.
The conflict in Syria has devastated the ancient city of Palmyra.
Mae teulu o saith ffoadur o Syria wedi cael ei gadw i aelodau o'r teulu yn y Swyddfa Gartref i'w llenwi.
Rafael Nadal will play Roger Federer in the second round of the US Open on Tuesday.
Australia's biggest winemaker, TWE, has rejected a new takeover offer from US private equity firm KKR.
Crusaders missed the chance to go top of the Irish Premiership as they were held to a draw by Coleraine.
Researchers in Norway say they have found a new explanation for one of the most famous paintings in the history of meteorology.
The number of cold calls in the UK has reached a record high.
Former Marussia driver Chris Chilton says he thought of his former team-mate Luca Bianchi every lap of the race.
Scientists have developed a mobile game that allows people with dementia to navigate 3D environments.
The family of a missing airman have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty" over his disappearance.
Hundreds of Sports Direct workers have staged a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in Lambeth should be offered a HIV test on admission to hospital if they are at high risk of passing it on to their sexual partners, new guidance says.
"I want to turn BHS around."
Lorry and van drivers are taking drugs to relieve the boredom of lengthy shifts, a BBC investigation has found.
The last remaining rebels from the rebel-held town of al-Wair in northern Syria have been withdrawn.
Mashkel is a small town in the north-western Pakistani province of Sistan-Balochistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 32 people to life in prison for spying for Iran, state media report.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City midfielder Josh Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man has become the first person in the UK to paddle the length of a river in a single day.
Former Liberal MP David Slipper has resigned as Speaker of the Australian Parliament amid allegations of sexual harassment.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in tourism.
TomSka is one of the most successful YouTube vloggers in the world.
The chief executive of Redrow, one of the UK's biggest housebuilders, has said the industry is "back to normal levels from a nil start".
England must focus on the positives after Saturday's defeat by Australia, says fly-half Rhys Hall.
When Laura Robson arrived at Flushing Meadows in New York on Saturday morning, she had no idea what she would do next.
A police officer has been charged with two counts of misconduct in public office.
Alan Stubbs has been appointed Hibernian's new head coach.
Cricket Ireland are in talks with the West Indies over the vacant position of head coach, BBC Sport understands.
Plans to turn a Nottinghamshire town into a Civil War museum have been given the go-ahead by a council.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Callum O'Neill on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's 5,000m world record has been ratified as official by British Athletics, according to former world champion Laura McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side are still favourites to win the Ashes despite being underdogs in the first Test.
Plans to turn a Grade II listed building in Cardiff into flats have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 200 man-mediated minerals have been found in the Earth's rocks, according to a new study.
A 15-year-old Malaysian boy has been removed from the abdomen of his mother after he developed a "fetus in fetu", local media report.
Five Scots have been named in the Great Britain team for the World Championships in Doha.
A Lancashire high school has been closed after a Facebook user claimed to be planning a mass shooting.
Australian police have arrested four Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Mark Stoneman made his first Championship century of the season as Warwickshire beat Durham by six wickets at Edgbaston.
The UK could stay in the European Union if it voted to leave, a ratings agency has said.
David Warner's absence from the England squad for the Ashes tour has been described as "unacceptable".
Hundreds of firefighters and police officers in Wales are to receive compensation totalling £5.24m, the Welsh government has said.
The communication centre of a cancer cell is key to its ability to break free from its moorings and move around freely, say researchers from York University.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the French Open with a straight-set win over Serbia's Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
Ricky has been given a sneak peek of the Oculus Rift.
Qatar is the richest country in the world, but it is also the world's most water-poor.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has met Pope Francis and Pope Francis on the first day of his five-day visit to Italy and France.
EastEnders fans have been reacting to the news that a family from Walford will be moving to the East End.
The summer months are usually a good time to grow crops.
The Conservatives have increased their majority on Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan is a survivor of the Troubles.
Newcastle have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two-year deals for an undisclosed fee.
More than 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration with the loss of more than 300 jobs.
A man accused of murdering a woman in a "frenzied attack" with a hammer has told a court he "lost it" with her.
Brighton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were beaten by Huddersfield.
A man has admitted killing his wife after she went on holiday in Pakistan.
The Metropolitan Police has said it will increase the number of its firearm officers by 600 over the next five years.
A large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in West Yorkshire.
An MP has apologised for suggesting people with type 1 diabetes could be at risk of developing the disease.
The life of Irene Nemirovsky, the author of Suite Francaise, is to be celebrated in a new film.
A major oil fire at an industrial estate in Kent has been brought under control.
Spain's Rafael Nadal will play at the Aegon Championships in Aegon next month.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying acid capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of Donald Trump's visit to the European Union.
National League side Northampton Town have signed former Liverpool and Huddersfield Town forward Ryan Ngoo on a one-month loan deal.
A large bushfire has broken out in a remote area of western Australia.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive at his home have said new evidence is "completely inexplicable".
The number of new accounts opened in Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has more than doubled in the last two years, according to police forces.
A jigsaw puzzle created by a Norfolk man to help raise money for children's wards in Norfolk has been missing for two weeks.
A woman has been killed and an eight-year-old boy injured in a crash involving a car and a rally car in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners are to meet for the first time in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
A BBC Northern Ireland investigation into the IRA's handling of sexual abuse allegations has been named Scoop Of The Year at the Royal Television Society Awards.
Croatia's Jewish community has said it will boycott next week's ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the death camp at the Auschwitz death camp.
Manchester United have signed Borussia Dortmund striker Adnan Januzaj on a season-long loan.
Hearts hope to raise £3m over the next five years thanks to increased fan contributions.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino has " bought into" the club's fitness programme.
Saracens will play Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will play Exeter Chiefs in the final.
The mother of a man who was killed by a hit-and-run driver seven years ago has paid tribute to her "beautiful" son.
England women secured their first win of the Women's Rugby World Cup with a bonus-point win over New Zealand.
A paraglider narrowly escaped injury when she was hit by a light aircraft, an investigation has found.
A large fire has broken out at a farm near the border with the Republic of Ireland.
A former church bell-ringer has been jailed for 12 years for grooming and sexually abusing boys using Fifa game currency.
When British indie band Oh Wonder released their first album, Body Gold, it was a huge success for the band.
Nursery staff in England sent a case to the police after a 15-year-old boy wrote "cooker bomb" on a cucumber, it has emerged.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after a five-year-old boy was locked inside the boot of a car.
A man called "Trans" and "anarchist" led a five-person attack on him on a platform at Aberdeen University, police have said.
Qatar won the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history with a 2-0 win over Qatar in Cairo.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says progressing into the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a learning passport as part of a series of reforms aimed at improving standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his squad contains players who "don't think the aim is to win".
A man's body has been found at a recycling depot in Somerset.
UKIP has said the final list of candidates to replace Nigel Farage as leader will be revealed on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI is to set up 34 mobile neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) in Northern Ireland.
Super Bowl-winning American defensive tackle Kiko Polamalu has announced his retirement from football at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a rugby player who was hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Judd Trump will face China's Zhou Yuelong in the final of the World Snooker Championship at Alexandra Palace on Saturday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Exeter City and reach the EFL Cup third round.
Work to demolish a Denbighshire primary school is set to start next month.
Rangers chief executive Craig Whyte has been cleared of all charges relating to the club's sale.
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Leeds as they beat League Two side Luton Town in the EFL Cup first round.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offering his services to society.
Leyton Orient have appointed Peter Edwards as their new manager on a two-year deal.
A couple whose son was killed by a drink driver have called for the maximum sentence for careless driving to be increased.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint by a gang of men at a house in Londonderry.
England batsman Jason Roy says he was not aware of the record-breaking score he made in the one-day series victory over Sri Lanka.
Wales hooker Ken Owens is used to being referred to as the "super sub" by his team-mates.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex won the toss against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
The man who carried out the Manchester bombing was a "cold, calculated terrorist", according to the police officer who led up the investigation.
Russia says it is ending its air strikes in Syria, with the deployment of its aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and its naval group in the country.
Rafael Nadal reached the last 16 of the French Open with a straight-set win over German teenager Alexander Zverev.
A British satellite panel has been recovered from a river in Brazil's Para state, a local fisherman has told the BBC.
A teenager has been jailed for life for plotting to kill a British soldier.
A woman who was jailed for stalking a student has won an appeal against her sentence.
A building has collapsed in the Canary Islands, killing at least one person and injuring several others, officials say.
St Johnstone were held to a draw by Lithuanian side FK Trakai in the Europa League.
Parents are calling on the government to cap the percentage increase in holiday prices during the school holidays.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot on industrial action, the Ministry of Justice has said.
Fulham have signed striker Emmanuel Cyriac from Dutch side Oostende for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Donald Trump has been sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.
One of Germany's most notorious art dealers, Cornelius Gurlitt, has died at the age of 87, his family says.
Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches over the next five years.
Granada head coach Tony Adams has resigned after his side were beaten by Espanyol.
Three cars have been involved in a crash in Powys.
Derby City Council has set aside £20m to start work on a new 50m swimming pool at the city's main leisure centre.
A school has changed its name following the "unforeseen rise" of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday, helped by a rise in the price of gold.
If you're a child in rural areas of South Africa, you may not have heard a word.
A woman has been charged with murder after a man collapsed and died at a house in Kent.
Andy Murray has pulled out of an exhibition match at Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing Social Democrats have lost their majority in the country's general election.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's library in Newport could be closed under council plans.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new world record for the longest break in bagpipes.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death in west London.
Pregnant women should be aware of the risk of malaria if they are travelling to high-risk areas, say doctors.
The Green Party has unveiled its manifesto for the 2015 general election.
Labour has published a draft of its general election manifesto, which it says would be the most detailed in a generation.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she will not meet the Queen if she is elected leader of the party.
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May, according to a new report.
Brentford Blaze have signed Scottish ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference for failing to pay their £148,000 debt.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of beheading his wife.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials say.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who died in a car fire has appeared in court charged with his murder.
UN investigators say they are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals who have committed atrocities in Syria.
A former Methodist minister hypnotised four boys to sexually abuse them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of being the first white Briton to join the so-called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A ferry has returned to service on the Isle of Wight after repairs were carried out.
Plans for more than 500 homes and up to 1,000 new homes in Swansea Bay have been unveiled by the city council.
Protests have been held across the Republic of Ireland against the rising cost of water.
Josh Taylor is a "phenomenal force" who can win a world title, according to his trainer Shane McGuigan.
Archaeologists in South Africa have discovered a hoard of paint kits dating back 100,000 years.
Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in 2014 compared with the same period last year, according to official figures.
Leeds could be transformed into a "motorway city" under plans being considered by the city council.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the world for its degree level qualifications in computer games development.
For some purists, the prospect of Scottish independence was a dream come true.
The death of a British man in Thailand is being investigated by the Foreign Office.
Great Britain secured their place in the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League with a 6-2 win over Argentina.
Huddersfield Town manager Paul Heckingbottom is hopeful he will be fit for Saturday's visit of West Brom.
A takeaway has been temporarily closed after a 21-year-old woman died from an allergic reaction to allergen.
A Cardiff council worker has been found guilty of stealing more than £100,000 from her mother.
A Cardiff-based software firm has won a contract to operate online insurance comparison sites.
North Korea has accused South Korea of launching an attack on Cheong Wa Dae, one of the country's most famous landmarks, during a military drill.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of Tehran to protest against rising fuel prices.
A database of more than 390 trees and shrubs has been created by researchers in Germany.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a knee injury.
French justice minister Sylvie Goulard has resigned from the cabinet amid a row over fake jobs.
Steve Dillon, the British artist who created the Punisher comic strip, has died at the age of 69.
Rickie Fowler and Sergio Garcia are two shots off leader Sergio Garcia after the second round of the Masters at Augusta.
A new map of the dwarf planet Ceres has revealed some of the brightest spots ever seen on its surface.
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum has said he is "delighted" to join a coalition of 34 countries fighting terrorism.
Russia coach Volodymyr Slutsky has resigned after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Josh Broom has signed a new two-year contract with the League One club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been suspended for four matches after being found guilty of assaulting England's Joe Root.
Plans for a safari park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by gunmen in the Swat Valley region of north-west Pakistan, police say.
Scotland's former chief medical officer is to lead a review of health and social care targets.
A former doctor who defrauded a patient out of £10,000 has been struck off the medical register.
A senior leader of Bangladesh's main opposition party has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
Matt Wakely and Michael Keogh hit centuries as Leicestershire dominated Northamptonshire on day two at Chester-le-Street.
More than 100 people have been nominated for bravery awards in Wales.
A film shot in the valleys of Blaenau Gwent has won best original screenplay of a foreign language film at an international film festival.
Ten people have been charged in connection with a slavery operation at a number of traveller sites.
An Australian man has redecorated his Darth Vader costume for the new Star Wars film Rogue One.
A look back at some of the best-loved movies of the past year.
Rangers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Marc Dorrans on a three-year deal.
A group of sailors have been rescued after their boat broke down in the sea off Portaferry.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run in Glasgow.
Divers are to remove artefacts from the silt layer of the Carnbroe Canal, police have said.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze university fees in 2016, amid a wave of student protests.
The latest series of BBC One's Atlantis has been rebooted.
Black Friday is set to be the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, according to analysts.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of methane on Mars.
More than 100,000 children in England have not been offered a place at one of their preferred schools this year, official figures show.
A new exhibition of portraits of some of Britain's most famous people has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend leads the BMW PGA Championship by one shot after the third round, while England's Tyrrell Hatton is three shots behind.
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being bitten by a dog.
Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist known for his criticism of the Lego brand, has donated toy bricks to Lego in a bid to "defend freedom of speech".
Renault driver Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1.
Sally Bercow and Mike Tindall have been named in the line-up for the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Hearts have signed defender Rherras and striker Sammon from Belgian top-flight side Sint-Truiden.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has sworn in a new cabinet, following the ousting of Tony Abbott.
More than half of children in England are checking their mobile phones before going to bed, a survey suggests.
A Rolls-Royce owned by Marilyn Monroe star Diana Dors has sold for $3m (Â£2.5m) at auction in New York.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a co-worker at a takeaway.
A wildlife charity has called for the reintroduction of lynx to the Cairngorms National Park.
John Lewis has said it expects to complete a major redevelopment of its Edinburgh store by the end of this month.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Rhys Huws and Reading midfielder Alex Samuel on loan until the end of the season.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan who has died in a train crash.
A Kenyan student who survived a gun attack on her college in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, has told of her ordeal.
A man who travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group has been jailed for five years.
A US commando force has captured a former Iraqi chemical weapons expert suspected of using mustard gas against Kurdish forces, US media report.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced in November 2014.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child star Hermione Granger has been cast as a black actress.
Christopher Biggins has been removed from Celebrity Big Brother after making homophobic comments about bisexual people, the show has said.
The Danish health service has made significant changes to how it is treated for cancer.
Residents of Gourock in Inverclyde have been told to leave their homes after an unexploded World War Two mine was found on the River Clyde.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has called for the 2022 World Cup to be played in two or three countries.
Worcester City have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
A group of bell ringers have recreated the chimes of a 17th Century church bell.
The former offices of Reading University are to be turned into apartments as part of a £1m redevelopment.
England fly-half Billy Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury, BBC Sport understands.
A section of the Conwy Valley line between Conwy and Anglesey has been closed for several days due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a night out.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
Eleven whales have been rescued from the sea off the coast of the French island of La Rochelle.
A hospital in Greater Manchester is planning to set up a park-and-ride scheme to tackle parking problems.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers due to delays at its Channel Tunnel terminal.
India has seen a sharp drop in the number of women opting out of the workforce, according to a new study.
Leicester midfielder Craig Shakespeare is expected to be fit to face Stoke despite missing the win over Chelsea because of a hamstring injury.
A County Antrim MLA has lost a defamation case against a schoolgirl who accused him of harassing her on social media.
A primary school which has been closed amid a teachers' strike is to reopen to pupils on Thursday.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Stuart Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 final this season.
A man has been arrested after a pedestrian was killed in a crash on the M4 in Oxfordshire.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found to be over the drink-drive limit on a motorway.
French actress Jean-Claude Lebeau, best known for her role in Casablanca in World War Two, has died at the age of 91.
Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a muscle injury.
A second round of voting in Argentina's presidential election has ended without a result.
England have been given the all-clear to tour Bangladesh in the next two one-day internationals in Dhaka.
Hundreds of thousands of government employees' emails and passwords have been hacked, according to a security firm.
Brexit Secretary David Davis and the Scottish and Welsh governments will work together to get the "best deal for the whole of the UK", Scottish Affairs Minister David Russell has said.
Dundee Stars captain Ryan LeFebvre says he is "proud" of his team after they reached the EIHL final.
Welsh lifter Hannah Smith says she is "confident" she can secure a place in Team GB's squad for the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool are interested in signing Ecuador defender Alberto Moreno for a fee believed to be about £30m.
Dundee Museum's architect has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made in its first year of construction.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the Italian city of Venice to protest against a drop in the number of residents.
Two men have been jailed for dumping thousands of tonnes of fly debris in a Birmingham city centre.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Scottish Chamber of Commerce (SCC) has said it is exploring opportunities for Scottish businesses in China.
When Hong Kong's pro-democracy activist Yau Yau was sworn in last month, she was hoping to become the first pro-independence legislator in the territory's history.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how African governments are tackling cyber crime.
Campaigners have called for a review of the way referendums are run in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ken Livingstone looks at the significance of the Welsh general election.
Johanna Konta says she has "a lot of room to grow" after reaching the Wimbledon quarter-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League side Evergrande on a three-year deal.
Thousands of homes in Leeds could be without water for several hours after a water supply problem.
A children's Christmas attraction at a golf course in Somerset has been forced to close because of a lack of funding.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been formally asked to become an MEP.
Ghana's health ministry has reversed its decision to allow nurses to work abroad.
A man who died after being trampled by cows has called for safer footpaths to be made safer.
Comedian Bill Bailey has apologised after his tour bus was stolen from the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United.
Plymouth Argyle striker Joe Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Japanese shares ended the day lower despite a stronger-than-expected economic growth report.
Australia's largest oil and gas producer, Woodside Petroleum, has reported a jump in half-year profits.
How do you keep your business safe from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters?
The Scottish government has published a new code of practice for police stopping and searching members of the public.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Tweedbank have been restored after delays caused by Storm Desmond.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has said the number of players caught doping in the sport is "completely off-the-scale".
Pope Francis has condemned the "genocide" of Armenians during World War One, saying it was like "a wound to keep bleeding".
Lance Armstrong's public confession that he used performance-enhancing drugs in the 1990s has shocked the world of cycling.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to drink from a stainless steel pint?
A new search and rescue team has been launched at the Inverness base.
Cardiff City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were fit for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has voted to censure Prime Minister Victor Grindeanu for failing to carry out anti-corruption measures.
Sky has admitted that some of its broadband customers in the north-east of England have been experiencing slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under "constant review" after an attack in which a man was shot dead by police.
More than 90% of patients with a rare form of leukaemia have been cured within a year, a study suggests.
A British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Queensland, Australia, has been named by police.
Atletico Madrid's Luis Suarez says there is fear that Barcelona will be eliminated from the Champions League if they fail to reach the semi-finals.
A Northern Ireland film-maker is hoping to break into the film industry in Los Angeles.
Two men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) were seized in Dublin.
Jeremy Corbyn has become the first Labour MP to sign a motion calling for the removal of vending machines in the House of Commons.
In the midlands of the Republic of Ireland, the town of Longford was once one of the most spectacular sights in the world.
Boris Johnson is to visit Russia in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a British warship off the coast of France.
The government has rejected calls from Labour to restrict the growth of fixed-odds betting machines in the UK.
Ethiopian runners have been reacting to the news that one of the country's most famous athletes has retired from running.
If you want to know what Japanese media mogul Hideki Kita is up to, look no further than the Financial Times.
Luis Suarez has been given a four-month ban by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed Lithuanian midfielder Lukas Sernas on loan until the end of the season.
US Soccer has announced new rules for children heading footballs in the country.
US media giant 21st Century Fox has made a £11.25bn takeover bid for Sky, according to Reuters' calculations.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
A post office worker has been threatened with a knife by two masked men who forced their way into the premises in Glasgow.
Thousands of teenagers have taken part in the annual Ten Tors challenge in Dartmoor National Park.
Stormont's finance committee opens an inquiry into a £1.24bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to a "gentle giant" who died in a swimming accident in Gwynedd.
A 56-year-old man has been reported to prosecutors over allegations of sexual assault at a school in Fife.
Tributes have been paid to former Newcastle United player Bernard Tiote, who died after collapsing during a training session in China.
Asian shares were mixed on Monday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election.
Blackberry, the maker of the Z10 smartphone, has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year.
Oil and gas services firm Proserv has won two contract wins in the North Sea.
A pay rise of "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in the course of this Parliament to ensure an adequate supply of teachers, the Teaching Support Board (STRB) has said.
Voters in the European Union have returned to the polls in the first general election since the country's independence in 1957.
Mae cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe wedi croesawu casgliadau'r adroddiad yng Nghymru.
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not be holding a referendum on a council tax rise.
The United Nations has called for a quota on US corn production to be suspended.
Curvy glassware make it easier to pace yourself with soft drinks, according to a study.
National League side Doncaster Rovers have signed midfielder James Dugdale on a two-year deal and left-back Jack Cole on a free transfer.
Kickstarter, the crowdfunding site for video games, has been hit by a series of scams.
The trial of the Boston Marathon bomber has begun in the US state of Massachusetts, where he is accused of carrying out the attacks.
It is not every day that the NHS goes on strike.
A Mississippi man is suing a funeral home for allegedly refusing to allow him to attend the funeral of a gay man.
Nottingham's caves are to be opened to the public in a virtual reality tour.
The mother of a baby who died after being left in a car in Australia suffered a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered a gene that makes it easier for cancer to spread to the lungs.
England all-rounder Sarah Brunt took three wickets as Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League with victory over Hobart Hurricanes.
The results of the local elections in Dumfries and Galloway have been hailed as a "victory" for the Conservatives.
An MP is appealing for help to save a Grade II* listed house that was once home to the famous British artist Helen Bell.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering asking for asylum in the UK.
Cladding used in the Grenfell Tower fire has failed to meet the government's fire safety targets, the home secretary has said.
North Korea has launched a new drink that can cure the hangover, according to the Pyongyang Times.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Keith Richards says his side are a much better side than London Irish in the Premiership.
A seven-year-old boy who was left alone on a bus in Powys for more than a year has been found safe and well.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of exaggerating the impact of the Paris climate agreement on global temperatures.
An Army reservist died after collapsing on a training exercise, an inquest has heard.
Google is exploring ways to detect cancer and other diseases in the blood.
Ghana coach Asamoah Gyan has urged his players to "respect the payers".
League One side Morecambe have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Ryan Edwards on loan until the end of the season.
A carer who stole more than £100,000 from a disabled man has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said a 48-team World Cup would be the "most financially appealing" tournament in the world.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her daughter's disappearance that police failed to investigate whether she had been murdered.
More than one million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report has found.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in Glasgow city centre.
At least 36 people have been killed in a Saudi-led coalition air strike on a rebel-held military base in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, officials say.
A motion of no confidence in the Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Micheál Frazer has been passed by the Irish parliament.
Jonathan Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike Championship to seven points with victory in the final race of the season.
The US military says it has granted a release order to 37 Afghan prisoners who have been involved in bomb attacks.
Ben Affleck has won the director's prize at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards for his film Argo.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence says it has begun an operation to "rid" the country's border territories of Islamist militants.
Tributes have been paid to former Wales rugby star Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in the neck.
Liam Latham won Great Britain's second gold medal of the World Para-cycling Championships.
Ospreys will defend their Pro12 title against Cardiff Blues at Twickenham on Saturday.
Sophie Chancellor is to join the cast of a new Channel 4 comedy series about "the worst-behaved woman win".
Joseph Clark was a father of three from Liverpool who died in the Hillsborough disaster on 15 April, 1989.
Three teenagers have admitted carrying out a machete attack on a taxi driver.
Jodie Taylor's second-half strike earned England a 1-0 win over the Netherlands in their opening Euro 2017 warm-up match.
Bath have signed prop Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal.
Britain's James Thomson has finished third in the Men's Tour of New Zealand.
The Australian Greens party has filed a motion calling US presidential hopeful Donald Trump a "revolting slug" ahead of the US election.
Rio 2016 will be the most watched TV event in UK broadcasting history, the BBC has announced.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has paid £1.5m in compensation to the owner of a decommissioned oil rig which was grounded last year.
In the wake of the migrant crisis in Calais, the BBC has been looking at how to deal with the cross-Channel traffic disruption caused by Operation Stack.
A man who died after being shot in the head in Cardiff has been named by police.
Darren Brathwaite took three wickets as West Indies beat England by eight runs in the World Twenty20 final in Barbados.
The former South African spy chief Jo Coetzee has died at the age of 83.
Six men have been charged with criminal offences over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, the Crown Prosecution Service has announced.
Archaeologists have uncovered a number of Bronze Age artefacts in the grounds of a new road in Inverness.
The square in the centre of the German city of Bavaria is bustling with activity.
The Workers Party has said it is "disappointed" by the BBC's decision not to broadcast its election coverage.
A van used by pop star Chris Mayweather was set alight when it was set on fire.
A 10-year-old girl has been seriously injured after a vapouriser exploded on a train in the US state of Florida.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in central London.
The number of people with severe vision problems is set to soar in the coming decades, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Wednesday's 1-0 friendly win over Poland in Warsaw will give his side confidence for the next few months.
A man who carried a fake gun near a Worthing primary school has been jailed.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, the BBC looks at some of the activities taking place in London to mark All Saints Day.
New rules have come into force on the way broadband providers advertise their services.
A Post Office worker has been seriously injured in a "vicious" attack in the Borders.
The prospect of Northern Ireland devolving corporation tax to the Republic of Ireland is "gravely concerning", a business group has said.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has been partially collapsed following heavy rain.
Leyton Orient striker Lee Williams has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have won five seats in Dorset, including one held by the Liberal Democrats.
Plans to cut services in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved by councillors.
The death of Liam Fee in Fife in January 2014 was the result of a series of failings by social services, a court has heard.
US President Donald Trump has signed into law a ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries entering the US.
The Australian government has announced plans to revoke citizenship from dual nationals convicted of terrorism-related offences.
Soldiers who refused to stand up at a parade in the Brecon Beacons have been sentenced to 10 years' detention.
A man has been seriously injured in an unprovoked attack in a Glasgow pub.
Rock star Kevin Hart has revealed he is to release a new album next year.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time with a straight-set win over Britain's Dan Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from professional football.
Wigan Athletic have signed defender Ryan Dunkley from Oxford United on a two-year deal.
The vast majority of the world’s oceans are unregulated.
The death toll from the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be investigated by the Public Health Inquiry (FAI).
Former enterprise minister Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) because of his "extensive interests" in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The closure of the police control room service in Dumfries has been described as a "sad day" for the town and its staff.
The Scottish government is exploring the possibility of extending the Borders Railway to the south of Scotland.
Campaigners have lost their bid to overturn a decision to install overhead power cables between two wind farms in Conwy county.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino and Salomon Rondon are as good for the club as Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy.
A group of miniature sheep sculptures have been created in the Lake District in a bid to raise money for a rehabilitation centre.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 1-0 defeat by Spain in their Euro 2016 qualifier was a "special" result.
An early copy of a Byzantine gold pendant has been found in Norfolk.
A prominent UKIP donor has said he has been suspended from the party pending a meeting with the party's ruling NEC.
Plans to improve Cardiff's transport system have been unveiled.
Two County Fermanagh umpires have become the first women to officiate a senior county cricket match.
A woman who was raped and sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale in the 1970s has called for an investigation into historical abuse.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have arrested two men they believe were involved in the murder of a man in Dublin.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from branches in a Lancashire field.
A "cold, calculating, predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for eight years for raping and sexually abusing children.
Bolton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were beaten by Brentford.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" a police team is now looking seriously at the car he was driving.
Alex Davies and Alex Jarvis hit centuries as Derbyshire built a strong lead over Lancashire on day two at Edgbaston.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over DR Congo.
Eight Aston Villa fans and seven Leicester fans have been arrested after a fight at the club's Premier League match.
It was one of the most devastating bombing campaigns of World War One in Manchester.
Michael Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford thrashed Widnes to secure their first Super League win of the season.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A 22-year-old man who killed a woman at a Newport hotel was planning to serve his entire sentence, a court has heard.
People with chronic illnesses are more likely to lose hope and sense of identity as they age, a study has suggested.
Six Russian athletes have been suspended by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) for failing drugs tests.
Australia's biggest bank, the Clydesdale, has set aside another £500m to compensate customers for the mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A two-year-old zebra has died after being shot at a golf course in Japan.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a hospital in Aberdeen.
France's President Francois Hollande has promised to improve the security of the country's police force, after a series of shootings in Paris.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the possibility of a polygraph test for police recruits.
A rare Mein Kampf book signed by Adolf Hitler is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time.
A former director of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has published a list of politicians accused of involvement in a bribery scheme.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Tom Rachubka on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jamaica and the UK have signed a deal to help build a new £1bn prison in the UK.
Bangladesh's central bank has been accused of not doing enough to protect it from hackers who stole $81m (Â£40m) of cash in February.
Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
In the middle of a pre-season friendly with a Rangers fan in Glasgow, Arron Foster was asked if he was the worst player in the club's history.
An Aberdeen-based engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Brechin.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Murray in the first round of the Aegon Championships at Wimbledon.
Universities in England are advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit, the government has announced.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was attacked in a pub in Harrogate.
Mae'r datblygwyr yn dweud y byddai'r cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy gostio £425m ond mae Llywodraeth Cymru.
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Norwich City.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says striker Sergio Aguero will miss Sunday's derby against Manchester United.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says he is relishing his 1,000th Premier League game at Stoke City.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their leading players for the Champions League play-off semi-final against Rosenborg.
A review of Dumfries and Galloway's major festivals and events strategy has found it has "generally met its objectives".
The number of inmates killed by inmates at a prison in Gloucestershire has more than doubled in the past five years, the prison watchdog has said.
Ulster captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland head coach.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on the Isle of Wight for this year's National Log Carving Championships.
A mosque's governing body has called for the introduction of corporal punishment in madrassas in England.
It has been described as one of Shakespeare's greatest tragedies.
The UK's energy regulator has urged consumers to switch suppliers for savings of hundreds of pounds.
Drake has been announced as one of the headline acts for this year's Lulworth Festival.
St Helens prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking Newcastle prop Scott Lawson with his forearm during Saturday's defeat by the Falcons.
Jeremy Corbyn has called for properties to be found, requisitioned and re-housed in London in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
The world's most popular digital currency, Bitcoin, has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash on a busy road in Lancashire.
A group of Saudi Arabian girls have won a prestigious international competition in the US.
Ospreys maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning of freezing temperatures over Christmas.
Sir Elton John has revealed he has been diagnosed with an abscess in his appendix.
Cryptography has been at the heart of a long-running dispute between the US government and the FBI.
When Deutsche Bank published its forecast for the general election in May, it looked at the two main outcomes.
Factory activity in the US fell for the second month in a row in June, according to a closely watched survey.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Hugh Kinsella visits the Democratic Republic of Congo to meet some of the boxers hoping to follow in the footsteps of Muhammad Ali.
It is a busy day at Camden leisure centre in south London.
It's been a busy week for the homeless in the UK.
Aer Lingus has announced it is cancelling some of its summer flights in the UK.
At least two people have been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Izmir, officials say.
Olympic gold medallist and former Olympian Helen Mirren has died at the age of 83.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in north London on Saturday.
Portadown will take on Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Saturday.
Cyber-thieves operate in the shadows of the Ukrainian military.
A man has been jailed for two years after admitting carrying weapons with a knuckle duster and a knife at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel's Scunthorpe plant could be sold to a private equity firm.
American Phil Mickelson carded a one-under-par 63 on the opening day of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
The transport system for London's Olympic Stadium has been hit by a series of problems.
(Close): Shares in Dixons Carphone led the FTSE 100 higher after it reported a rise in like-for-like sales.
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has reached a six-year high, official figures show.
Land managers have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
A singer is visiting the US to encourage more people to sign up as bone marrow donors.
The Welsh Government's budget is due to be presented to AMs later.
A lorry has crashed into a house, leaving it leaning against a wall.
England prop Cian Healy has been ruled out of the rest of the British and Irish Lions' tour of Australia with an ankle injury.
Malaysia's investment fund 1MDB has been at the centre of a huge money-laundering scandal for years.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in Govanhill.
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
A key youth unemployment scheme in Wales has been temporarily closed by the Welsh government.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Belfast in support of women's rights.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in the workforce is to be held by the Scottish government.
The family of a woman who was taken to hospital by ambulance because of a lack of staff said she was not offered food or drink.
The European Parliament has accused Marine Le Pen's far-right National Front (FN) of fraudulently receiving €1m (£1.2m) from the party.
Migrant workers and their dependants will be exempt from the new £35,000 pay threshold for settlement in the UK.
Britannia has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 consecutive years.
London Underground (LU) has rejected claims by the Aslef union that it will impose new rosters on all-night Tube drivers.
The world's oldest artillery fort is to open its doors to the public for the first time in more than 100 years.
A number of homes in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire have been flooded after torrential rain caused flooding.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
Leaders of the EU have said they are ready to negotiate a deal with Turkey on the return of migrants to the bloc.
The UK has warned its citizens of the risks of travelling to the US because of new anti-LGBT laws in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Gillingham chairman Alan Scally has said the club's future is at risk if they do not build a new stadium.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a house in west Belfast.
Derby County's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a blow as they were beaten by Ipswich Town.
Underarm throwing is the best way to get a piece of paper into a bin, according to a new study.
Warwickshire have extended the contracts of all three of their players from next season.
The Vote Leave campaign has launched a competition to predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football tournament.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow across much of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he would be surprised if there was a big exodus of players from the club this summer.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has said he will not be replaced by Sepp Blatter.
More than a third of men in the UK are diagnosed with meningitis, according to a study.
Sky has dropped darts pundit Eric Bristow after he made homophobic comments about child sex abuse victims.
Two people have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC has said it is "extremely ambitious" in its plans to make Britain the "great cultural force in the world".
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported a surge in sales for the fourth quarter, helped by an unusually warm winter.
Tranmere Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Dale.
A Turkish court has ordered the trial of eight men accused of their part in a deadly coal mine disaster.
The UK-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria says it has detected missiles capable of bringing down its aircraft.
Andy Murray and Aljaz Bedene reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6-4 6-2 win over Marcelo Dodig and Bruno Soares.
A 26-year-old man has appeared in court in connection with a security alert at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced 10 policemen to death for the murder of a group of Sikh men in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh 25 years ago.
Pupils in China are being robbed of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals they are because too many teachers are cramming pupils' heads full of facts, says a leading academic.
Civil servants are to be asked to give their views on executive pay as part of a shake-up of the way companies are run.
A Glasgow shipbuilder has announced plans to re-employ more than 1,300 staff following a buyout.
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenage girl who was murdered in Greater Manchester more than 40 years ago has been shown on BBC Crimewatch.
The family of a teenage girl who died in a crash have paid tribute to their "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister".
A third member of the Northern Ireland States Board has resigned.
Guus Hiddink has been appointed Chelsea manager for the first time since Jose Mourinho was sacked on Thursday.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson have won the China Open men's doubles title.
Australia won the Tri-Nations for the first time in their history with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A popular surf attraction in Conwy county has been forced to close for the winter because of a fault.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed building from being destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
The vice chancellor of Oxford University has said universities must do more to tackle radicalisation and extremism.
The Lego Movie has been named best picture at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards.
The chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council has resigned.
World number one Lydia Ko is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Women's US Open.
Joe Garner has been appointed chief executive of the UK's largest financial services company, Nationwide.
Kilmarnock have signed Callum Waters from Celtic for an undisclosed fee.
Concerns have been raised over plans to merge a Gwynedd primary school with a secondary school.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for 11 years for his part in a gang smuggling firearms into the UK undetected.
The New Horizons probe is preparing to make its first flyby of Pluto.
Wasps have signed England fly-half Danny Cipriani on a two-year deal.
The government has given the go-ahead for the construction of the UK's first new nuclear power station since the Brexit vote.
Grimsby secured their first National League win of the season with a 3-3 win over Aldershot.
McDonald's Japan says it will stop serving potatoes until the end of the year because of a food shortage.
Wales and Oxford Tigers flanker James Roberts will play for Cambridge University in Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham.
Judges in England and Wales could be able to jail rapists who film their attack and distribute it to others under new guidelines.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president has said he is willing to work with the far-right Freedom Party if certain criteria are met.
At the age of 14, Jordan Spieth was offered the chance to play golf for the first time in his life.
Thousands of people who missed the deadline to renew their tax credits have been urged to take action.
Bolton Wanderers have rejected a bid from Championship side Huddersfield Town for manager Paul Wilder.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach David Johnston says his side's weekend was a good opportunity to make it a four-point weekend.
The world's largest container ship has arrived in Suffolk for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their 100-run lead over Gloucestershire on day two of the T20 Blast at Cardiff.
The government's plans to pump £415m into schools are "derelict and counterproductive", a local authority has said.
Land Rover has unveiled a new version of its Defender car.
Southampton manager Claude Puel wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
US paint maker PPG has rejected a bid from Akzo Nobel for the paints and coatings firm.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle thrashed Forfar Farmington 5-1 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
The Red Cross says it has been forced to close a key port in Yemen because of a lack of supplies.
United Airlines has halted its Belfast to Newark air route after the European Commission blocked the funding.
South Africa's failure to win in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Gabon has been blamed on the team's poor preparation, says former captain David Mashaba.
Russia's government has launched a new version of the country's Wikipedia website.
When Ben Fearon retired from athletics at the end of last season, his career was in a state of disarray.
Stuart Boyd has backed the idea of Scottish football playing in the United States.
Four men have been arrested after a girl and her cousin were killed in a crash in Oldham.
Championship side Woking have signed Southampton midfielder Ryan Gape on a season-long loan deal.
An eight-year-old boy who ran the Great Yorkshire Run has been named the county's Business Enterprise of the Year.
The BBC's global coverage of climate change has dropped by as much as 40% in the past five years, according to a new report.
Former England captain David Ginola has launched a campaign to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of Fifa.
Defending champion Laura Doherty has been drawn in the second round of qualifying for the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl for an England legend.
Burkina Faso coach Oscar Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
A police officer used a Taser on a man who was threatening to set himself alight, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has rejected an offer from the RMT union in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Firefighters in northern California are continuing to battle a series of devastating wildfires, including one that has killed a woman.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr by mutual consent and have appointed Steve Watson as their new manager.
Police searching for two women suspected of abducting a jogger in California have found a message branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
A community group has launched a bid to reopen a historic swimming pool in Reading after it was put up for sale.
It's been a busy week in the world of emoji.
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister".
England's Danny Hadwin shot a final-round three-over-par 66 to finish three shots behind leader Charley Hull after the first round of the BMW Championship in California.
An Orange community group in north Belfast is planning to hold a protest parade on Friday evening.
A sapling planted by the suffragettes more than 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Olympic gold medallist Paul Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station in the western state of Andhra Pradesh has been operational for the first time.
A coroner has said he is "deeply concerned" about the safety of patients at a hospital where a woman died after an operation.
Ospreys coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
A Royal Navy dockyard has been placed under special measures after a worker received a dose of radiation.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Birmingham City's Adam Adams has had his appeal against his red card for the second time this season rejected.
The deaths of a father and son who were found dead at their home do not involve a third party, police have said.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for a national ban on bringing animals on to hospital wards.
A charity is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives to be banned by UK supermarkets.
In our series of letters from the BBC, one of the UK's most senior politicians has said that leaving the European Union would be bad for business.
Irish police have arrested a man in the Republic of Ireland in connection with the London terror attack.
The pay and conditions of teachers in Wales will be devolved, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new permanent exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
More Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales than in Scotland over the past three months.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of running and running events in Windsor.
A Norwegian soldier has been killed in a collision with a tank during a military exercise in the north-east of the country, police say.
At a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, where at least 188 people have been killed and more than 100 injured, it is easy to forget that the attack was carried out by Islamist militants.
Italian police have seized more than 1m euros (£1.3m) in assets belonging to a convicted fraudster.
Two Swiss men have been caned in Singapore for vandalising a train in the city-state.
A project to protect the history of the Snowdonia mountains has been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian government facility, saying it was the right choice.
The Belfast Giants will play the Belfast Lightning in their first Elite League game of 2017-18.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terror charges, his lawyer has said.
A memorial service has been held to mark the start of the construction of the new High Street (HS2) line in London.
Matt Stevens' unbeaten century helped Kent take control of their Division Two match against Essex.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has accused the Syrian opposition of providing "every possible and necessary aid" to the government.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is likely to be held in 2018.
A large fire has broken out at a house in Berkshire, forcing the closure of a number of roads.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Cameras are to be installed in Pembrokeshire to help police investigate complaints against officers.
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa in a bid to raise money for charity.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson says Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he joined Celtic.
A 22-year-old woman has died after being found unconscious in her cell, police have said.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt said his side were "desperate not to be part of what happened in Saturday's World Cup defeat by Argentina".
A Japanese father who left his seven-year-old son alone in a hut for six days has said he forgives him.
A man has been banned from driving for life after being found guilty of drink driving in Aberdeenshire.
The owners of a Denbighshire hospital will have to pay more than £1m after a public inquiry into the condition of the site was dismissed.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on forced leave after a video emerged showing him kicking a lorry driver.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, says Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
A modelling agency has been branded "a business in the 21st Century" after it advertised for a "sexy female driver" for £50,000-a-year.
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, a survey for the Church of England suggests.
The graves of four young girls killed in a bomb explosion in Wrexham in World War One are to be marked 100 years after they were buried.
The daughter of former House of Lords peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse as "bonkers".
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies in Florida and Ohio.
The presence of tabloid newspapers in the home during childhood is linked to poor vocabulary, a study suggests.
National League side Lincoln City have signed former Grimsby Town midfielder Matt Davis on a two-year deal.
Some of the dogs who have been taking part in the UK's general election have been sharing their pictures on social media.
Justice Secretary Alex Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Thousands of people in Vanuatu have been evacuated from their homes after Cyclone Debbie hit the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a Kurdish woman in the German city of Hannover.
Goals from Ben Roberts and Tom Fletcher helped Barnsley to a comfortable win over Coventry City in League One.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor start to the season is down to a lack of confidence.
When Kanu Gandhi arrived at the ashram of the Mahatma Gandhi in the western Indian state of Gujarat in 1938, he was greeted by a large crowd of devotees.
A man has been arrested after two women were assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
Hundreds of staff at a communications company in Torfaen have been told it is going into liquidation.
A mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of four sexual assaults has resigned.
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
Cyclists have been banned from riding around Mansfield Market Place ahead of the Tour of Britain, a council has said.
Three Syrian refugees who escaped from police in the eastern German city of Leipzig have been praised for their bravery and bravery.
Households aged 45-54 are less wealthy than those born a decade earlier, according to a new report.
Voters in Spain go to the polls on Monday to choose a new government, with the left-wing Podemos party hoping to win a third term in office.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
Two things have been confirmed by BP's chief executive at the start of the year.
More than 60 pupils at a Gloucestershire school have been sent home after failing to meet uniform standards.
Bollywood star Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film based on the life of an Indian boxer who fled violence in the north-eastern state of Assam.
The Forth Crossing Bridge project has been given its "best shot" of opening by May 2017, the project's boss has said.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
The people of Wukan, a village in the southern Guangdong province, are calling for the government to be re-elected.
A Disunited State of America, if you like.
A £1m production line for washing machines in Kent has been officially opened by the Duke of Kent.
US President Barack Obama has criticised the UK's intervention in Libya, saying there is "room for criticism".
The conviction of a man who was shot dead by police during a shoot to kill incident 32 years ago has been referred to the Court of Appeal.
North Korea has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas from Dundee United for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Leigh Centurions moved up to fourth in Super League with a comfortable victory over Salford Red Devils.
Sam Spiro and Jaime Winstone are to play Dame Barbara Windsor in a new biopic of her life.
Militinous soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Bouaké, in the north-eastern city of Abidjan, officials say.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to end a tax on tampons and other feminine hygiene products.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the UK is "turning a corner" in its economic recovery.
It's not every day that you get a chance to meet the leaders of the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the next assembly term.
Plans for a new £1bn school in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
The price of Scottish pork has fallen by 18% in the last year, according to a trade union.
In the world of luxury goods, there are plenty of people making things that are just as good as they are.
A gang of thieves who stole power cables worth more than £1m have been jailed for five years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour's home in Los Angeles.
Schools across Scotland are now being made to include children with disabilities in all aspects of school life.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens hooker Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Sir Rod Temperton, who wrote the songs for Michael Jackson's Thriller album, has died.
England one-day internationals captain Katie Taylor has been ruled out of the series against Pakistan in June.
Nathaniel Zohore scored the only goal of the game as Cardiff City came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
A man has denied causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 and M8 motorways in a bid to cut journey times and reduce air pollution.
Moeen Ali hit a career-best 58 as England took control of the second Test against South Africa on a rain-affected second day at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is a sport that has been going on in Scotland for many years.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Duncan Jones says it is "disappointing" that the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has not signed a new contract with the Welsh region.
Retail nurseries are being squeezed out of the UK garden market by supermarkets, according to broadcaster Monty Don.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued from a sinking ship off the coast of Oban.
Oscar Pistorius has told a murder trial in South Africa that his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp was killed by a cricket bat while he was holding her.
Israeli police have raided the homes of several companies involved in arranging high school students' trips to Holocaust memorials.
Bradford's unbeaten start to the League One season continued as they were held to a draw by Oldham.
Nice have signed former Galatasaray defender Gerard Sneijder for an undisclosed fee.
Dover secured their first National League win of the season with a 3-1 victory over Chester.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation event in Falmouth.
A three-year project to improve road safety on Scotland's major motorways has begun.
Drug addicts should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter, a Wrexham police chief has said.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he would "rather see David Cameron and the Conservatives back in government than actually work with the SNP".
The number of weddings held in Gretna has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old son has told police she fears she will be taken away.
Plans for a new Welsh medium high school in Haverfordwest have been approved by councillors.
There's been a big rise in the number of children needing hospital treatment in the UK.
The family of a boy who suffered facial injuries when he was attacked by a dog in Cardiff have been awarded £1m in compensation.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue.
House prices in the UK rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
A man from Powys has said he believes his ancestor's flag from the Battle of the Somme was flown above Nelson's warship.
A British student has been jailed for five years in the United Arab Emirates after cocaine with a street value of £3,000 was found in his car.
The police have been given the all-clear to hand over the transcripts of a former loyalist witness's account of the Troubles.
Russia's Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his bronze medal at the Rio Olympics after failing a drugs test.
Antonio scored twice as Watford came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest.
It is "more important than ever" that Wales spread the message of togetherness and unity over Christmas, the first minister has said.
Golf's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour fails to comply with anti-doping rules.
Imagine you have a Facebook account pretending to be you.
Police have released CCTV footage of the Sydney cafe siege in which a hostage was killed, an inquest has heard.
Four Royal Navy frigates that were put up for sale in January have been sold to a Turkish ship recycler.
Salford Red Devils have signed Tonga international Tyrone McCarthy from Wolves for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln.
The UN chemical weapons watchdog has declared Syria's chemical weapons facilities ready to be destroyed.
Cystic fibrosis is likely to be a "fundamental treatment" for the disease, doctors say.
A bookshop dubbed one of the best in the world is facing a £5,000 bill to keep it standing for 40 years.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk from Monday, the Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has said.
The House of Lords has voted against plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting England.
A man who posted "callous and in the extreme" comments about a missing boy on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
Cyprus has agreed a bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Two of the highest cliffs in St Kilda archipelago have been climbed by a team of climbers.
A traffic camera on a Cardiff road has caught more than 13,000 speeding drivers a year, according to figures obtained by BBC Wales.
The inquest into the death of a suicide bomber who killed 22 people at a concert in Manchester has been adjourned, the Coroner's Court has heard.
The Department of the Department of Defence (DDR) has been ordered to pay £1m in damages over the failure to secure a contract for a new dual carriageway.
Mae cynlluniau amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i gysylltu ardaloedd gogleddol a deheuol y ddinas.
A doctor who was jailed for five years for wounding patients in Nottingham has had his jail term increased to eight years.
Two disabled people have lost a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their welfare payments.
David Cameron and the SNP have clashed over the government's handling of the tax debate in the House of Commons.
A number of shots have been fired in the German city of Friedrich-Stoltze, close to the main police station.
The Northern Ireland Teachers' Council has said it is "extremely unhappy" that the Department of Education and the employers have rejected an offer of a 1% pay rise.
More than half of nurseries and childminders in England say they will not offer free childcare under a government scheme, a survey suggests.
Flamingo cadavers are known to stand proud while having a doze.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in west Belfast.
The RMT union has agreed to hold a vote on a pay and conditions deal for night Tube staff in London.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones has completed a cycle race around the UK in a bid to raise awareness of missing children.
A Turkish woman has been arrested on suspicion of insulting the president, her lawyer says.
Two RNLI lifeboats have been involved in a major search for a man reported to have fallen from a bridge in Broughty Ferry.
Plans for a multi-million pound shopping and leisure complex have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Latin American countries have expressed concern after Venezuela's Supreme Court ruled that the National Assembly was in contempt of court.
Council tax increases in Wales would disproportionately affect some parts of Wales, the Welsh Government has said.
A 20-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in a park in Carmarthenshire.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported record-breaking passenger numbers for January.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
In the wake of the protests in Nicosia, there was a sense of unease in Europe.
Two hunters have been charged in Zimbabwe over the killing of a lion in July.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from active duty after they were involved in a confrontation at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax.
The Conservatives have won the Cheshire seat of Tatton, which was held by Labour.
At least 11 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana has said.
A bus has left the road and crashed into a wall before coming to rest against a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat.
Scotland has missed its target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2020, according to new figures.
How Welsh was King Arthur before the Saxons drove the Brythonic people west and north?
Work on the new high-speed rail line between Birmingham and Coventry will cause a "huge number" of weekend closures, a transport group has warned.
A lorry driver who killed a mother and her unborn baby in a crash has been jailed for eight years.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his work practices.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set alight in a house fire.
A tree office is to be built in east London.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has dropped the knights and dames from the Order of Australia.
Pop stars Katy Perry and Lenny Kravitz were among the stars who helped the New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 24-24 in the Super Bowl.
A Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film has said it was a "dream come true".
AC Milan have signed defender Matej Benedicic from Leeds United for an undisclosed fee.
A construction worker has described the "frustrating" delays to a £1bn arts and innovation centre in north Wales.
We arrived at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada in the early hours of the morning.
The parents of a teenager who was killed by a mentally ill man 16 years ago are to end their charity.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a crash in Londonderry.
An Orange Order parade in County Londonderry has been marred by a confrontation between parishioners and Fr John Donegan.
Shares in brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev have risen after the company raised its offer for rival SABMiller.
A humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted off the coast of Australia for the first time.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government faces "tough choices" over its spending plans.
A Danish court has sentenced a former journalist to 18 months in jail for leaking information about the country's royal family.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Chris Andrew has been given a one-match ban for his violent conduct during the 2-2 draw with Everton.
Nottinghamshire have signed former England batsman James Taylor and former batsman David Sales on two-year contracts.
Manchester United midfielder Nani says he is "very confident" the club will have better results in the future despite their relegation from La Liga.
England manager Sam Allardyce says he is concerned about the future of goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Matt O'Shea's late goal secured victory for League One strugglers Chesterfield over Port Vale.
China's imports fell in September from a year earlier, according to official figures.
A peer has been found guilty of sending a threatening Facebook message to immigration campaigner Michelle Miller, saying she should be "sent back to the stinking jungles".
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by more than a third in the year ending September 2015, official figures show.
More than half of Scottish businesses believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to a new survey.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
France's centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over their economic policies in a televised debate.
Doting fathers are more likely to have a positive impact on their children's cognitive development, a study suggests.
The government will continue to fund free school meals for all infants, Downing Street has said.
Pembrokeshire council has been told it will not be able to collect free black bags for the next four years.
A California man has been jailed for 16 years for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A non-league football club has become the first in the country to go vegan.
Rotherham United have signed former Dundee United midfielder Michael van Zanten on a two-year deal.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic and defending champion Serena Williams both reached the French Open semi-finals on Friday.
MSPs have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull boss Marco Silva has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's Premier League game at Burnley.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former Bomber Command ground crewman who died in hospital in Lancashire.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson won gold in the heptathlon at the British Indoor Athletics Championships in London.
A survivor of the terror attack on a train in Brussels has described how he and other passengers were abandoned by train staff.
A rare Galapagos tortoise has died at a zoo in California.
The USA women's football team will be honoured in a parade in New York City on Wednesday.
The funeral of two Irish boys who were found dead in a car in County Mayo has taken place.
A former Hungarian police officer has been jailed for eight years and eight months for sexually assaulting a young girl.
Plans for a new post-16 education centre in Torfaen have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Photographs of Dambusters during World War Two have been sold at auction for the first time.
Chocolate eggs are being used to celebrate the Wimbledon tennis final at a County Down butcher's shop.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino "should have done better" after the striker scored his first goal for the club in the 1-0 win over Aston Villa.
A Russian conductor has performed in the Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time since Islamic State (IS) militants carried out attacks there last year.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a live broadcast of an opera about the hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants in the 1980s.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says he is relishing the prospect of helping Hibernian return to the top of the Premiership.
The UK appears to have abandoned its leadership on climate change, a UN climate change expert has said.
A robot that can read and understand is the best in the world, according to Japanese scientist Yuriko Arai.
A Syrian rebel group says it has captured the pilot of a jet which crashed in the north-eastern province of Idlib on Sunday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is in talks with Toulon about a role in the Rugby Football Union.
The voice of Kermit the Frog is to leave the Muppets after more than 30 years.
Police investigating the death of a 19-year-old man in Larkhall have said they believe the answer to his death lies within the community.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says his side can turn around their poor start to the Super League season.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to remove defender Mats Hummels from the squad.
A house in Londonderry has been damaged in two separate arson attacks.
Plans to raise the minimum wage and introduce a "mansion tax" in Wales are set to be unveiled by the Welsh Conservatives on Thursday.
A swan found dead in Fife after being shot with a bow and arrow has been released back into the wild.
Non-formal and in-work education is to be added to the register of voluntary youth workers in Wales, the Welsh Council has announced.
Saudi Arabia has carried out a record number of executions in the coming days, according to reports by local media.
Wigan Athletic have signed former Huddersfield Town midfielder Liam Morgan-Smith on a two-year deal.
A group of zebras had to be chased by police after escaping from a ranch in the Canadian city of Toronto.
Four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff ledge in Skye.
The Crown Office has ruled there is insufficient evidence to prosecute a Dundee West MP over his involvement in a fire engine campaign.
There is only one party in a position to secure an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Reading for pleasure can boost mental health and emotional understanding, according to a report.
Silverstone's owners have triggered a break clause to prevent the British Grand Prix being moved to London, says former Formula 1 driver Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in Porthcawl has installed a high-definition weather camera in a bid to cut the number of launches.
United Airlines has become the first airline in the world to reward hackers who report security flaws.
Alex Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Horses are more likely to react to angry and happy faces, according to a new study.
Police have carried out more than 100 breath tests across north Wales as part of a campaign to reduce deaths on the roads.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by two men in Edinburgh.
Juan Carlos scored the only goal of the game as Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat Charles and go top of La Liga.
Tottenham moved up to fourth in the Premier League with victory over Aston Villa in the FA Cup.
Finance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on their next Premier League game against Manchester City.
A controversial HIV prevention drug is to be made available on the NHS in Wales for the first time.
A Russian track and field athlete has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
Social housing in Wales contributed £1.1bn to the economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
More than 300 Transport for London (TfL) staff have been hired for the launch of the Night Tube, the transport authority has said.
Firefighters have been dealing with a second blaze at a derelict dockyard in Cardiff.
The inquiry into historical child abuse in England and Wales should be scrapped and replaced with a new body, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
White teenagers in England are the most likely group of ethnic minority youngsters to apply to university, according to figures from the University College London (Ucas).
Hull KR came from behind to beat Halifax in the Challenge Cup.
A three-month-old baby who died of sepsis could have survived if he had been sent to hospital, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her brother at a new park.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has said paramilitary activity at her grandmother's funeral was what she wanted.
The organisers of JogScotland Fife have said they are "devastated" after the Scottish government pulled funding for the organisation.
The DUP and the Alliance are going head-to-head in the East Belfast mayoral election on Sunday.
A Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about an argument at Downing Street, the force has said.
Actress Gemma Arterton is to join the cast of a musical based on the 1970s film Made in Dagenham.
England's collapse in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was a huge blow to their hopes of winning the series.
Two farmers who stole more than 100 sheep from their neighbours have been jailed.
The Greek prime minister has said the "vicious circle" of militarisation and sanctions against Russia is "not productive".
Team Sky chief executive Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way the team handled allegations of doping in the sport.
A Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his home in St Petersburg.
On the morning of the 26th anniversary of the hijacking of Pan Am Flight 73 in Karachi, Pakistan, the crew were preparing for take-off.
Police forces in England and Wales are being "chipped away" by a "conscious form of rationing", a watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with energy firms among the biggest fallers.
Two teenagers have been charged in connection with the alleged rape and distribution of child pornography of a Canadian teenager.
Olympic bronze medallist Jack Bevan has revealed he suffered a serious leg injury in a fall at the European Championships.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
A search is under way for a man who has gone missing in Powys.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho accused West Ham boss Sam Allardyce of "playing rubbish football" after his side were held to a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.
The UN envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile truce in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae plaid Cymru yn dilyn cyhoeddiad i Gymru fel gwlad yng Nghymru, yn ôl y Farwnes Morgan.
Fly-half George North says the British and Irish Lions are ready to "kick on" in New Zealand after missing the first two matches of their tour.
A suspected unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in Sheffield.
A World Cup winning song and video featuring some of England's most famous footballers has been released in the UK.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school where he was subjected to ritual humiliation.
A number of environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been left "shocked" by cuts to their funding.
If you are looking for one of India's most popular street food, you might want to look elsewhere.
Equiniti has been awarded a contract to provide a cloud-based time and attendance system for the Passport Office.
Two teenage boys who went missing off the coast of Florida have been found safe and well.
A storm named Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the institution is doing "everything in its power" to prevent violence.
Plans for a new stadium at Bristol City Stadium have been given the go-ahead by the club's majority shareholder.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Nick Clegg looks back at some of the most memorable by-elections in British politics.
Roberto Martinez has said he will "taste" his time as Everton manager "forever" after being sacked by the club.
Newport County have signed former AFC Wimbledon and Falkirk striker Chris Compton and ex-AFC Wimbledon striker Ryan Rigg.
As Wales prepare for the Euro 2016 finals in France, BBC Wales takes a look back at some of the key moments in the country's history.
A bridge in the Italian capital, Rome, has been broken apart by the city council because of rust from padlocks.
The family of a British Sikh man who was allegedly murdered in India have called for a proper investigation.
Garry Ringrose has been described as the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has performed her first live show in more than a decade at London's Roundhouse.
Glenurquhart were held to a goalless draw by Lovat in the MacTavish Cup at The Dell.
A US court has ordered the website Gawker Media to pay more than $100,000 (Â£65,000) in damages over a sex tape posted by Hulk Hogan.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has endorsed Seamus Eastwood as the party's new leader.
It has been a terrible year for flying.
A painting by Pablo Picasso and Vincent Van Gogh has become the most expensive painting ever sold at auction in New York.
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are increasingly turning to artificial intelligence to speed up drug discovery.
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in their Euro 2016 quarter-final in Cardiff.
A five-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool at a hotel in Lancashire, an inquest has heard.
A Pakistani farmer has been charged with murder after a child was dragged to death by a donkey.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says the Challenge Cup is the "hardest thing to win".
Mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed after a number of cases of flu were confirmed.
Real Madrid have been asked by world football's governing body Fifa for information on their transfer dealings.
James Commons says he is not looking to extend his loan spell at Hibernian until the end of the season.
More than 562,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30mph zone in a Leicestershire village, a campaign group has claimed.
French energy firm EDF has reported a €1.5bn (£1.6bn) loss for the first three months of the year.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he wants to be the top man in snooker, but has not ruled out a return to competitive action.
The BBC has signed a new deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations.
When Steven Gerrard announced his retirement from Liverpool at the end of Monday's FA Cup third-round tie against Bolton Wanderers, it was a statement of defiance and defiance.
The Northern Ireland Justice Minister has said the government has a responsibility to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Spain's breakaway region of Catalonia is facing a critical test in December's national elections.
A decision on whether to allow a developer to build on a former airfield site in Guildford has been delayed.
A County Fermanagh search and rescue group is to receive a further £30,000 in funding.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled in the city centre.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Fifa have refused to allow England and Scotland players to wear poppies on their armbands when they meet Serbia.
Venezuela's military says it has received a distress call from a helicopter that crashed in the country's Caracas region on Friday.
The body of a woman who has been missing for more than a month has been found in Wirral, police have said.
Keaton Jennings hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset took control against Durham at Taunton.
Newcastle United have been banned from using the club's stadium as a base for legal action against HM Revenue and Customs.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast has called on the government to support them in their fight against budget cuts.
Blackpool have signed former York City and Blackburn Rovers left-back Ryan Gormley on a two-year deal.
More than 6,000 people have signed a petition calling for a direct elected mayor for Bath & North East Somerset Council.
Police in Malaysia say they have found an oil drum in a river in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, in connection with the disappearance of a 43-year-old man.
Detectives investigating the murders of a woman and a man at a flat in west London have launched a fresh appeal for witnesses.
England women's coach Heather Powell says her side's 3-0 win over Japan in the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup is "brilliant".
Thousands of people have attended a memorial service for King William of Orange in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Wakefield Wolves winger Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The US says it now estimates that the Islamic State group has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria.
A new herbal mead could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upset on a Sunday night, a Cardiff university professor has said.
The European Commission has opened a confidential dialogue with Northern Ireland over the introduction of a water charge on homes.
A memorial has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One soldier in Eastbourne.
A leading mental health expert has been appointed a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side AFC Wimbledon have signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth midfielder David Holland on a two-year deal.
Colombians have voted in the second round of presidential elections.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
England's Mark Simpson has won the World Squash Championship for the first time in his career with a comfortable win over Egypt's Ali Abdel Aziz.
Tommy Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical and move into the Premiership's top four.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student who was found dead in a car.
Gordon Ramsay said he knew he had a chance to win The Open at Castle Stuart.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has described the UK government's plans for a new customs union with the European Union as "ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the Night Tube service will be introduced in the city.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital after inspectors raised concerns about staffing levels.
Sri Lanka's government has rejected calls for a UN-led inquiry into alleged war crimes during the country's civil war.
Paralysed Scotland's Gemma Butterfield broke her own European record to become the first Paralympic athlete to throw the same distance at the same time.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there can be no veto over Wales' interests during talks with the UK.
Thousands of people are dying every year from malaria because of counterfeit antimalarial drugs, a study suggests.
At least nine people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes.
Teachers at a north London academy are staging a second strike in a row over pay, conditions and conditions.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business ties with foreign governments.
A police training centre for convicted criminals has been used for forced entry training.
Two academies in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her three-month-old son.
Rangers have signed former Leeds United midfielder Lukas Zaliukas on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The prime minister has said she will watch Doctor Who on Christmas night.
Australia has become the first country in the world to export feeder and slaughter cattle to China.
Three teenagers are being sought by police in connection with the disappearance of an RAF serviceman.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been sent off for an elbow to the face of a West Ham player.
Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng will be buried in the grounds of Romanian club Dinamo Bucharest if they win the Europa League final, the club has said.
Chinese state media are largely silent on the trial of disgraced Hong Kong politician Bo Xilai on corruption charges.
A man who has cerebral palsy has said he will not be able to take his wheelchair with him to work.
Guernsey's public relations agency spent just over £1.1m on advertising in the past year, according to official figures.
Ricky Bryony has won a trampolining gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
Former shadow home secretary Owen Smith has entered the contest to succeed Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader.
A retired priest is to stand trial accused of abusing pupils at Inverness Grammar School.
The daughter of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to open a library in Birmingham to celebrate her achievements in education.
A top Russian prison officer has been arrested over the theft of a mountain road for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has unanimously approved the deployment of more than 200 police officers to Burundi in a bid to prevent further violence.
A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of a man who was hit by a lorry in Caerphilly county.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Leyton Orient beat Luton Town in the EFL Cup first round.
Great Britain's women's team pursuit gold medallist Katie Barker says she was "absolutely supported" by British Cycling during the World Championships in Hong Kong.
Toyota has pledged to fund the development of a flying car that could be used to light the Olympic flame.
A 90-year-old woman who has been living in the UK for more than two years is appealing against her expulsion from the country.
The prime minister has said it is important that Northern Ireland's police continue to be properly resourced, not least because of a terrorist threat.
Wigan Warriors rugby league player Chrisickle is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire utility firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telehandler.
Algeria midfielder Ali Bolhi has left the club to join Turkish side Al Ahly for an undisclosed fee.
A community group has called on the council to delay the sale of a former primary school site in Ceredigion.
Colchester United dropped out of the League One play-off places as they were held to a draw by Millwall.
Cornish City manager David Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" in the National League.
A photographer has been fined for taking a photograph of a Ferrari parked on the Mews outside Kensington Palace.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the role of motorbike drivers in tackling road accidents in Tanzania.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the week higher, helped by a rise in construction shares.
Women do not ask for pay rises as often as men, according to a study in Australia.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was sexually assaulted on a train in Aberdeenshire.
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday massacre have made contact with more than 100 soldiers.
Mae BBC Cymru yn deall fod y digwyddiad yng Nghastell Martin yn ymwneud â ffrwydro o fewn tanc Challenger.
A court in Sri Lanka has sentenced a former vice-president to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed former Huddersfield Town midfielder Ryan Lawless on a two-year deal.
A Welsh Government-run visitor centre has been told it will lose its core grant funding next year.
A teenager has jumped through the emergency door of a plane at San Francisco Airport and onto the wing of the aircraft, according to eyewitnesses.
Police investigating the death of a woman whose body was found in Edinburgh have said they have no evidence of criminality.
Five British children have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria.
Motorcyclist Franck Petricola has died after a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A petition calling for all women to be banned from entering Hindu temples throughout the year has been launched by more than 100 women in India.
A woman died after eating a sorbet on holiday in Greece, an inquest has heard.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to have sex with her has been jailed for ten years.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen to its highest level since records began, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
Formula 1 fans will be asking themselves what they know about the world's most famous drivers.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a rape in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after his car was involved in a crash on stage two.
Svetlana Kontaveit and Tatjana Vondrousova reached the semi-finals of the Marrakech Open in Morocco with victories on Sunday.
A 15-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen for the first time in five years.
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
The first episode of Doctor Who, The Bells of Saint John, will mark the 50th anniversary of David Tennant's death, the BBC has announced.
Three rockets have hit the Israeli city of Eilat in the Red Sea, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
It's been more than 50 years since I first read a book about Australia.
The first Gulf War may have been described as one of the greatest conflicts in the history of the world.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the capital, Belfast, to protest against a police crackdown on anti-government protesters.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Hook has returned to Gloucester from French side Perpignan for an undisclosed fee.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out about being fat-shamed on set.
Plans for a controversial waste incineration plant in Norwich have been approved by the city council.
Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married.
ITV drama Broadchurch is to return for a final series, the network has announced.
The Doonhamers were in the midst of one of the most significant events in the history of the shipping industry.
The chief executive of a hospital trust criticised by the Care Quality Commission has stepped down.
A new road junction has been blamed for a rise in the number of injuries caused by roadworks.
Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition politician who was assassinated last year, has published a dossier on the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
In a small prison in Dumfries, a group of young men and women are locked up.
John Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner in Londonderry.
More than 100,000 cigarettes and tobacco have been seized in Lincoln.
Thousands of people have turned out for the 70th anniversary of Edinburgh's Hogmanay Street Party.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in the German city of Augsburg, near the border with Koblenz.
A new fossil has shed light on the evolution of a group of land-based vertebrates, including crocodiles.
The number of GPs in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures have shown.
What should we do when things go wrong?
None of the crew on a speedboat that crashed in the Solent were wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report has found.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in France probably made a sharp turn as he tried to right it, an inquest has heard.
UK Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the UK's decision to intervene in Syria was based on "wishful thinking".
Prof Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC's Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in the red, according to the Education Minister Nick Gibb.
Airport workers in Chile have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
A Danish man has been charged with manslaughter after his submarine sank off the coast of Copenhagen.
Energy suppliers are to be required to apply a 12 month time limit to back-bill customers for energy used more than 12 months previously, according to Citizens Advice.
The death of a boy in a Glasgow cemetery was caused by a "significant amount of vandalism", a public inquiry has heard.
For decades, the image of 007 has been synonymous with the British spy agency.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex captain Brendon McCullum has returned to the club as a coach on a two-year deal.
China's Baosteel, the world's second-largest steelmaker, has announced plans to merge with its smaller rival in a deal that would create the country's second largest steelmaker.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was right to make the decision that he made for Saturday's FA Cup final.
In 1947, India and Pakistan became the two countries that controlled the world.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for a commission set up to monitor paramilitary activity to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Egypt beat Zambia's Ahly of Egypt 2-1 in the first leg of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier on Sunday.
Ed Sheeran has announced that he will be leaving the UK at the end of the year.
A boy with severe cerebral palsy who suffered brain injuries when he was taken to hospital has been awarded a £2.3m payout.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp accepted responsibility for his side's 1-0 Champions League defeat by Sevilla in Basel.
Schools in the eastern Indian state of Bihar have been gripped by reports of parents trying to help their children cheat.
James Pattinson took five wickets to help Australia take a 5-0 lead in the second Test against West Indies in Melbourne.
Scientists in Japan have developed a drug that kills the parasite that causes malaria.
German industrial giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their bids for French engineering giant Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has announced his retirement from international cricket.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £35,000 in damages to a blogger who sued it for defamation.
Belfast Stakes won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Fairyhouse.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dashed as they were beaten 6-6 by a spirited Netherlands side at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has criticised the club's "not-bothered attitude" following their 2-0 defeat by Shrewsbury.
As Italy prepare to face Republic of Ireland in the Euro 2016 finals in France, BBC News NI takes a look back at some of the most memorable moments in the country's football history.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash in Powys.
Libya will not be able to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the ongoing civil war in the north African country.
Thousands of people have taken part in the London Marathon.
When Lily James first stepped on the big screen to play a zombie in Jane Austen's classic novel, she didn't expect it to turn out to be anything like it.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for the European Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Mark Hughes praised his goalkeeper after his side were held to a draw by Dundee.
A fire has broken out on the set of BBC One soap EastEnders after rehearsals had finished.
After winning just one medal at the London Paralympics, the country's Paralympians have been hailed as a shining light in the world of disability rights.
A social worker who viewed "adult pornographic material" on more than 1,000 occasions has been sacked.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager by the club for the first time.
A 32-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson will miss the start of his trial on charges of child sex offences, the club have confirmed.
A man has been jailed for three years for defrauding the UK out of more than £1m.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has stepped down after the authority's electoral registration list was incorrectly marked on election day.
A woman who made a life-size replica of Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has said she is planning to enter this year's Cake International competition.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised after the party launched its social care campaign with the slogan "Theresa May and Co".
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£3.3m) fine to settle a tax fraud case over the signing of Brazil forward Neymar in 2013.
Two US senators have called for stricter gun control laws after the mass shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the UK are "very low", according to a report commissioned by the government.
A suspicious package has been found at the base of the Statue of Liberty in the US city of New York, officials say.
Fianna Fail's Simon Cowen has apologised for his "hoarseness" in an interview with Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Leo Varadkar.
Burnley have signed striker Frank Herd and striker Chris Nouble on deals until the end of the season.
Tottenham Hotspur are "a long way down the path" of agreeing to play their Champions League games at Wembley, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the most popular holiday foods in the world.
UK industrial production fell by 0.4% in the first three months of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an investigation into the killing of 10 civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
As the Christmas shopping season draws to a close, it is time to start thinking about how to spend the money you have saved.
Families of the Birmingham Six who died in the Bloody Sunday pub bombings have been urged to apply for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has declined a state funeral for former cricketer Richie Benaud.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House has said.
The body of missing teenager Ben Mitchell has been found in the River Tay in Inverness.
Average house prices in the UK rose by 0.8% in the year to November, according to the Nationwide, the country's biggest mortgage lender.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi-finals with a stunning victory over Nick Kyrgios at Rod Laver Arena.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager David Christie has called for a rule change in Scottish football to make the game better.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in Londonderry.
An 18-year-old man has been charged with murder after a student was shot dead at a residential school in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
Coldplay took to the stage in London's Bandstand Marathon on Sunday night to mark the closing of the Cultural Olympiad.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Jo Cox looks at the evolution of the comforter.
Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons, Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have accused NHS Highland of complacency over its finances.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in north-east Nigeria has been found alive, the Nigerian military says.
The Irish Football Association (UEFA) has set up a loyalty portal for Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets to the Euro 2016 finals.
A record 33 Scots will represent Great Britain at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
The BBC has been subjected to "increasing levels of intimidation" by the Iranian authorities, Human Rights Watch's director has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has called for joint patrols to protect an endangered elephant species in northern Mali.
The Royal Welsh regiment's new colours will be unveiled at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium later this month, the regiment has announced.
Ukraine's youngest ever deputy minster has been subjected to a torrent of criticism on social media.
A former mental health trust worker has accused the Ministry of Justice of being "unethical" in treating inmates with "unmet needs".
Stuart McGinn is relishing the prospect of returning to the top of the Scottish Championship.
For more than a decade, Scotland Yard has been involved in a series of undercover operations - including one involving the murder of teenager Ian Lawrences.
Telefonica and Hutchison have announced they are taking legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator over its decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum.
Mexico's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is set to win the presidential election, according to official projections.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched at Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard in Glasgow.
It's that time of year again when you're trying to find a university place.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday as oil prices continued to fall.
David Cameron will have to step down at some point during the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether 2013 has been a good year for Africa.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", has been sacked, officials say.
Tesco has agreed to sell Fresh & Easy to a private equity firm in California.
The new chief executive of a health board in Cardiff has been named.
Former Rangers midfielder Dean Shiels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has teamed up with Paul McCartney for a new song called Four Five Seconds.
Baltimore's police chief is to step down after more than two years in the post, the city's mayor has said.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug isotretinoin in England has doubled in the past three years, according to NHS figures.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the Shining Path drug group.
Tributes have been paid to a British jet pilot who died in a crash during the CarFest music festival.
The Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike, officials say.
US President Donald Trump is to announce his decision on whether to withdraw 8,400 troops from Afghanistan on Sunday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the value of the pound.
Ricky Burns' career was about to take a turn for the worse.
Myanmar's military says it has found 12 accusations of human rights abuses against the country's Rohingya Muslim minority to be false and fabricated.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are being "at the heart of the criminal justice system", the country's most senior police and crime commissioner has said.
An Australian author has received a surprise award for her work, after receiving an email saying she had won the prestigious Windham-Campbell prize.
A German doctor has been awarded a PhD that the Nazis stole from her because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have signed Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A 32-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The number of homes repossessed in the second quarter of the year has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, figures show.
The Conservatives have won the seat of Bridgend in Aberdeenshire.
"The funding system is chaotic," says the deputy leader of Leicestershire County Council.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
A travel company has stopped offering tours to traditional zoos in the UK.
Lionel Richie has announced he will perform at the Las Vegas Motor Show next year.
Anglers should be banned from fishing at a country park after a swan was injured by a fishing hook, a wildlife rescue charity has said.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand was a fantastic one.
A vigilante paedophile hunter group is costing Kent Police more than £1m a year, the force has said.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly after their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a recycling plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Highland Council has received complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors in Skye.
Mae crwner yn Aberystwyth wedi ei chaethiwo o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind ar ôl cyfnod y Nadolig.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the Elite League club.
Moeen Ali's unbeaten century helped England take control of the second Test against West Indies on day three at Headingley.
Rupert Murdoch did not take steps to become fully informed about phone hacking, a committee of MPs has concluded.
The parents of three children who died after being diagnosed with cancer have spoken of their "horrific" loss.
A strike by train drivers on Southern rail is set to continue into the new year, the RMT union has said.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in North Lanarkshire has been discharged.
A Swedish city's decision to cut the work day to eight hours has sparked debate about the future of work-life balance in the Nordic country.
Ineos Grangemouth has announced plans to close its KG ethylene cracker plant in Port Talbot and return to profitability.
League One side Doncaster Rovers have signed Crystal Palace defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
A baby who was diagnosed with a rare form of septicaemia has been given pink ribbons to mark her first birthday.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back David Eckersley on a two-year deal.
The operator of Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant has unveiled a timetable to end the country's worst nuclear disaster since World War II.
The owner of Tata's Port Talbot and Scunthorpe plants, Liberty House, is preparing to submit a bid for the assets.
The Vatican has said it is in talks with the French government over the appointment of a gay French ambassador.
Rangers beat Celtic 6-6 on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
A mother and her boyfriend have appeared in court charged with the murder of her toddler son.
The daughter of Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in California, is suing the carmaker for damages, according to reports.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to rebuild a fireworks market destroyed in a series of explosions on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have made a "stepping stone" towards a universal flu jab.
A review into the legacy inquests into the deaths of hundreds of people in Northern Ireland has begun.
More than 100,000 people have died in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake in Japan in March 2011.
The prime minister remains "committed" to curbing benefits for EU migrants, the work and pensions secretary has said.
The world premiere of the new Batman v Superman film has been met with mixed reviews, with some critics calling it "insanely long".
Prisoners are being held in "inhumane" conditions, a prison watchdog has said.
Ivanka Trump has been appointed to the White House by President Donald Trump.
A village pub in Northamptonshire which was put up for sale because of a lack of new tenants is to be turned into a free house.
Civil rights group the Movement for Black Lives has asked Facebook to clarify its policy on removing racist content.
What would the M4 Black Route do for Wales?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the European Road Championships in Germany.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was "very pleased" with his side's 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their unbeaten start to the Women's Super League One season with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament is set to approve a bill that would give the police greater powers to target protesters.
A campaign has been launched to stop work on a derelict apartment in the Chelsea Hotel being turned into a maintenance stairwell.
In the heart of New York City, the city's streets are lined with graffiti, graffiti and graffiti.
Lego, the toy company owned by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei, has been criticised for its stance on the sale of its products in China.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in an investigation into alleged match-fixing in football.
Dementia patients in care homes in Wales are being "chemically coshed" through the use of antipsychotic drugs, the health commissioner has said.
In 2013, Northern Ireland's peace process hit a new low.
Birmingham City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jack Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it wants to give every P6 to 5 pupil in Scotland their own tablet computer.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a woman in Denbighshire.
Prisoners at a state-of-the-art prison are feeling unsafe, a report has said.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes in Syria against Islamic State (IS) militants in the ancient city of Palmyra.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman in the US city of Phoenix, police say.
Iran's foreign minister, Javad Zarif, has told the BBC that Iran's participation in peace talks with world powers in Vienna is a step too far.
An experimental peanut allergy therapy has been shown to treat 85 children with no reaction at all, a study suggests.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have accused each other of "let rip at each other in public".
Mead is a sweet, tangy drink that's often associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
The Winchburgh tunnel is to be closed for six weeks as part of a major upgrade to the rail network.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died in the Tunisia terror attack.
A body has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second general election before Christmas would be a "shambles".
A nature reserve in Somerset has reopened to the public after a 10-year redevelopment.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been given a three-match ban for striking Tottenham's Arter Arter in the face.
The political system in Northern Ireland has been in turmoil for more than a decade.
A Dorset military museum is to receive £1m from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help it celebrate the centenary of World War One.
Ousmane Dembele says he is "happy to be at one of the biggest clubs" after signing a new three-year contract with Celtic.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat Rangers.
A police investigation into the murder of Peter Tobin has been scaled back after 34 years.
Billy Root hit a century as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A Muslim teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been refused entry to the US by security staff during a school trip.
Two men have gone on trial accused of helping a Syrian man fight for so-called Islamic State.
Plans for a single percentage of affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, according to a new report.
RB Leipzig maintained their 100% start to the Bundesliga season with victory over Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a mountain in the Ogwen Valley.
Steven Halkett's late header gave Rangers victory over Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated their signed shirts to a football charity in memory of a friend who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being attacked by two men who threatened him with a knife.
Matt Parkin scored a late winner as Cheltenham came from behind to beat Forest Green and move to the top of the National League.
Anthony Watson has been ruled out of England's Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday because of a hamstring injury.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Cape Town to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
More than 100 people have been rescued from flood water in Southend, the fire service has said.
When Sian Elizabeth Maynard Seifert decided to take part in the Philippines' Miss Universe pageant in 2009, she had no idea she would go on to become a beauty queen.
Ebbsfleet secured their first National League win of the season with a 2-2 draw at Guiseley.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said there will be no more military exercises with the US next year.
There is "every likelihood" of a vote in the assembly on the triggering of Article 50, the Welsh Government has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored the only goal of the game as Southampton came from behind to beat Hull City.
A controversial suggestion to name a new £100m Antarctic research vessel has been described as "utterly bizarre".
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The mayor of London has appointed a former Metropolitan Police commissioner to carry out a strategic review of security arrangements in the capital.
A handwritten note signed by a German general declaring the end of World War Two has been sold at auction for £1,000.
New Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been appointed by the government.
A British man has gone missing in the Black Sea.
Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
A charity which provides specialist support for victims of historical child sex abuse has said it has seen a "significant gap" in the number of people seeking help.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked by the club after being found guilty of match-fixing.
"I'm feeling the joints," says the vet at the centre of a clinical trial of a cloned sheep.
Nigel Farage has said the UK should hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union in June.
For more than half a century, the United States has been a global power.
Parma have failed to secure a new deal to stay in Serie A for the rest of the season, according to the club's owners.
Haiti's President Michel Martelly has resigned after he was accused of telling a woman to "go into the bushes" at a campaign rally in July.
Caroline Flack and Olly Murs have been announced as the new hosts of The X Factor.
The widow of a man killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced.
A fire at a toy factory in Doncaster has closed the main railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster.
A British backpacker has been found dead on a train in Thailand, police say.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock fears his side are "going to limp over the line" in their Championship relegation battle.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he is pleased with the fitness of defender Nasser Nasri, despite concerns about his weight.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol in La Liga.
Ghana's former President-elect Nana Akufo-Addo has won the presidential election.
Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have been protesting in the capital, Harare, against the government of President Robert Mugabe.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
At least 12 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a suspected gas explosion in southern Spain, officials say.
A man has gone on trial accused of conspiring to smuggle horsemeat into the UK in a plot to pass it off as beef.
India's biometric identity database is about to become a global first.
GCHQ, the UK's intelligence agency, has revealed how it collects and analyzes communications between UK citizens.
Welshman Chris Evans won the first round of the World Rally Championship in Belgium, finishing second behind team-mate David Ogier.
Syria's government and rebel groups have agreed to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas in the country, in a move seen as a step in the right direction.
A bubble tea chain that was criticised for offering trainees at least the minimum wage has said it will change its training policy.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps and move to the top of the table.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City has declared a mistrial in the shooting of a witness at a new courthouse in the city.
Three Welsh Labour AMs have backed Yvette Cooper in the race to be the party's next leader, the party has said.
Political divisions are "widening and exacerbating tensions" in the UK following the Brexit vote, a rights watchdog has said.
In this series of letters from the BBC, photographer Joseph Fox looks at the treasures of mudlarking.
The number of people with mental health problems in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, according to new figures.
Liverpool City Council has called on retailers and vendors of newspapers to stop selling The Sun because of its coverage of the Hillsborough disaster.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for causing the death of a six-year old girl by dangerous driving.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol have been lifted following a review by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has told Easter worshippers that the recent terror attacks in Brussels were "not the end of the world".
The United Arab Emirates says it has intercepted two missiles fired by Houthi rebels in Yemen, which it says were launched from Houthi-controlled territory.
The government has announced plans to change the way disabled people are eligible for benefits.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still expecting to be active in the transfer market this summer.
Mark Molesley's stoppage-time winner saw Portsmouth beat Aldershot in the FA Cup second round.
An album of signatures from the Dambusters during World War Two has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The Welsh Government's efforts to eradicate bovine TB are "winning the battle", the country's chief veterinary officer has said.
A 61-year-old man has been arrested as part of an investigation into phone hacking by the News of the World newspaper.
The Church in Wales has said it is "disappointed" that Cyngor Gwynedd Council has withdrawn its support for plans for a new community campus in Denbighshire.
Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo won the African Confederation Cup for the second time with a 2-0 victory over Bejaia of Ethiopia in Lubumbashi on Sunday.
Malian soldiers have been accused of carrying out summary executions in the west of the country, a rights group has said.
Notts County Ladies have signed Liverpool Ladies midfielder Hannah Greenwood on a two-year deal.
Great Britain's men suffered a 2-1 defeat by Australia in the opening game of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thein Sein, the former prime minister of Myanmar, has been praised for his commitment to the country's transition to democracy.
Jewellery worth £1m has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor jailed for falsifying clinical trials has had his name removed from the medical register.
James Guptill and Kane Williamson hit centuries as South Africa beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Hamilton.
A 17th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to a working condition, its owner has said.
Tata Steel is to mothball parts of its steelmaking plant in Newport because of "high energy costs".
Britain's Laura Cave has won the Women's Ironman World Championships for the first time in her career.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has defended his decision to join the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have signed striker Ben Guthrie following his release by League Two rivals Colchester United.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated the first practice session at the Italian Grand Prix as they set the pace on the soft tyre.
Michael Evans set the pace in the first practice session at the Isle of Man TT on Friday.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked to explain why plans for a controversial pension scheme were never given the go-ahead by BHS.
The family of a man who died during the Troubles have said they are "sitting on their hands doing nothing" over the discovery of a bullet in his body.
Manchester City moved up to fourth in the Premier League with a 2-0 win over Leicester City.
Former Top Gear host Philip Hammond says his Swiss Army Knee is "finished and works" after being injured in a crash while filming for The Grand Tour.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has "no intention" of resigning over a dispute over the running of common grazings.
A man has been jailed for five years for the manslaughter of a Polish worker who fell from a warehouse roof.
The creator of Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson, has said he was "cut off" by Alzheimer's disease.
As many as 100,000 relatives of grandparents who give up work to care for their children could be eligible for National Insurance credits, a think tank has said.
Plans for a new theme park in Bournemouth have been given the go-ahead by the government.
Nigeria's airlines have announced plans to pull out of the country due to a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakia striker Lukasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes and other tobacco products in public places.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Sean Dyche's promotion to the Premier League could help Burnley reach the top half of the table.
North Korea has fired another intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), the Pentagon says.
Stuart Martin says Scotland must show more quality if they are to qualify for Euro 2016.
Australian anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has won an appeal against the cancellation of his visa to speak in the US.
Jon Stewart, the host of The Daily Show, has died at the age of 90, after a long illness.
Former Liberal Democrat leader David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Powys County Council.
England all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with Lancashire.
A tribute to John Williams will be played at the BBC Proms in Hull to mark the festival's 90th anniversary.
The SNP has retained control of all but one of Scotland's 32 councils, according to official results from the local elections.
The US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq has said it will do "everything it can" to ensure civilians survive the battle to retake western Mosul.
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) are expected to hit parts of Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
New materials that can sense the pressure of a human skin have been developed.
A review of the future of schools in the Borders is to be carried out by the local authority.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored a hat-trick as Pars eased to victory over Ayr United.
A man has been hit by a car while walking with his daughter.
Pete St Aubyn has won the Wodehouse Prize for fiction for his satirical novel.
England will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup in November, the BBC has announced.
California has declared a drought emergency for the second month in a row, with the state using more water than it used in three months in July.
A three-year-old lion that escaped from a South African national park in March has been given a new home.
A mosque in the US state of Florida has been moved to a new location amid a row over its use as a polling place.
Higher education staff across the UK are to go on strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
Chinese authorities have arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the Tianjin blasts, state media report.
Increasing levels of CO2 in the oceans could lead to the loss of molluscs and other marine species, according to a new report.
A teenager who died after falling off a cliff in Brighton was taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
The US has kept interest rates on hold at a record low of 0.5% despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Britain's Chris Froome won the 13th stage of the Tour de France in the wake of the terrorist attack in Nice.
A bus driver who suffered a blackout during a Glasgow bin lorry crash was "fit to drive", a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of "Nazi practices" after it cancelled a political rally in Istanbul.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Yannick Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh scrum-half Tom Toolis has left the Premiership club by mutual consent.
At least 20 people have been killed in three suicide car bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meeting series in the UK for the next three years.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament.
An 11-year-old boy from the US has become the youngest winner of the national spelling competition in the United States.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
More than half of teachers in England have been subjected to abuse this year, a teachers' union has said.
A Canadian mother has described the moment she and her 12-year-old son fled a house fire.
Partick Thistle have made an approach to Shrewsbury Town for manager Alan Archibald, BBC Scotland understands.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at a speedway race in Essex.
Russia has dismissed as " amateurish, unprofessional" claims that it was involved in the hacking of Democratic Party emails.
The board of American Apparel has filed a lawsuit against the company's former chief executive, Dave Charney, accusing him of sexually harassing female employees.
A memorial has been held for a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Paris.
A series of earthquakes has hit the north-eastern Chinese province of Gansu, killing at least 10 people and injuring hundreds more, officials say.
Reading came from behind to beat Burton Albion and reach the Championship play-offs.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rental sector, according to a new report by Shelter.
Belfast boxer Michael Taylor will make his professional debut at London's SSE Arena on Saturday, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
Cardiff is to become the first city in the world to adopt a "low tech" approach to tackling violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joanna Lumley looks at how artificial intelligence (AI) has evolved over the past 60 years.
Norwich City midfielder Callum Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Christian Jung won the Grand Slam of Horse-Riding at Badminton to secure Great Britain a place at the 2016 Olympics.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary, it's time for a new generation of people to decide whether the island is a separate country or a part of China.
Tens of thousands of people have protested against the treatment of a man who died after being stopped by police.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared a global public health emergency over the Zika virus.
Prime Minister David Cameron has launched a global campaign to tackle corruption, saying it will "put the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda".
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over St Johnstone.
Breastfeeding rates in England have risen for the first time in more than 30 years, according to official figures.
War and Peace has been picked up by the BBC as the most watched TV show of the year so far.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' World Cup qualifying campaign will not change in the summer, says defender Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand has been found safe and well, police say.
The Western Sahara is a region of the Sahara Desert in north-west Africa.
Michael Donnelly secured his place in the semi-finals of the men's lightweight at the Rio Olympics with a unanimous points victory over Morocco's Zohir Kedache.
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a rotating floor and a wall at a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has rejected calls from three northern Italian regions to take in more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Aleksander Andreyev, has said he is "not retracting" comments he made about Poland's role in World War Two.
The publisher of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has published a new book in the wake of the killing of cartoonist Charlie Charb.
Flood sirens have been used to warn homes and businesses in the Calderdale valley during a major training exercise.
A crane ship has been used to lift a huge piece of concrete off the coast of Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a free school in Bradford.
More than 3,500 photographs of Glasgow's high rise buildings are to go on display in a digital archive.
Olympic judo star Stephanie Daviot has said she is expected to be "up and about before you know it" after being flown back to Scotland from Vietnam.
The Brexit secretary has said it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" as part of a deal to leave the EU.
The CIA has released code used to hide the origins of malware used by the organisation, according to the Wikileaks website.
Leaves of the Quran have gone on display at Leeds City Museum for the first time.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's first-half strike earned Cheltenham a draw at Mansfield.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Barcelona Masters with a straight-set win over Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas.
A councillor has called for "serious consideration" to the use of local facilities and engineering expertise to carry out repairs to a damaged oil rig on Lewis.
Craig Gordon says he was happy with the way he performed on his return to the Scotland team for the first time this season.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed 10-man North Ferriby in the National League.
At least 11 people have been killed in a landslide in Colombia, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Ben Ormsby on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted and subject to copyright.
A tunnel boring machine has reached the end of the London Underground line for the first time.
A former IRA leader has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared.
Jared Payne has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against England on Saturday.
A British man who was sent to Guantanamo Bay in the US has been killed in a bomb attack in Iraq, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says Jan Vertonghen's ankle injury is not serious.
Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" for Northern Ireland if the UK leaves the European Union.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has replaced Dave Forsey as chief executive, the BBC understands.
Sin City is one of the most picturesque cities in the United States.
England suffered a crushing defeat by Pakistan in the first Test in Abu Dhabi.
China won their first gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, are to visit Australia later this month.
More than half of beaches in England do not have lifeguards on duty, according to new research.
US broadcaster Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 72.
The BBC has announced the names of the UK's children's laureate.
Former Aston Villa defender Tom Savage says former Birmingham City boss Steve Bruce will be a good fit for the job at Villa Park.
Children as young as 10 are being used as shields by nationalist rioters, the PSNI has said.
A sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a Tube station is in a critical condition in hospital.
National League side Chester have signed former Birmingham City midfielder Jack Lloyd on a one-year deal.
Hibernian moved up to second place in the Championship with victory over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has said it is in talks with workers in France over the possible redundancy of its direct selling representatives.
Formula 1 teams have been testing their new cars for the first time in the Spanish Grand Prix.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire.
A collection of ceramic poppies which raised more than £9m for war charities are to go on display at two museums in England.
When Sir Jeffery Amherst was appointed governor of Guernsey in 1760, he was widely regarded as one of the most important figures in British colonial history.
Kenya's Olympic 800m champion Rebecca Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a drugs test.
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in South Yorkshire have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A US judge has increased the amount of damages Apple has received from a university over a patent infringement case.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Germany at the Stade de France in Paris.
Ruth Harsent has been shortlisted for the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has withdrawn from next month's UK Championship in Sheffield.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a woman was poisoned with a liquid nitrogen shot.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in a dense undergrowth in the Republic of Ireland.
There are "significant weaknesses" in the care of older people in the Western Isles, inspectors have said.
A man has been seriously injured after being attacked with a hammer in a "horrendous" attack.
DR Congo's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations were dealt a blow as they were knocked out of the tournament by Zambia in the quarter-finals.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers hailed Ollie Ntcham's fitness after the midfielder played 65 minutes in his side's friendly win over Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge on the A9 between Inverness and Perth have been published.
The Force is what gives a particle physicist his powers, Tatooine has claimed.
UKIP's leader in Wales has said the party is "very confident" of breaking through next year's assembly election.
A Polish deli in Peterborough has been hit by hate mail and phone calls since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A Pembrokeshire man has been jailed for more than 33 years for sexually abusing a child.
The parents of a 15-year-old Mexican girl who was invited to her 15th birthday party have said they will not turn anyone away.
An appeal to raise £10,000 for the family of a three-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in her bedroom has been launched.
More than 100 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, the Home Office has said.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees of the University of Pennsylvania, amid sexual assault allegations.
A suspected unexploded World War Two bomb has been found off the coast of Gwynedd, police have said.
The rate of CO2 emissions into the atmosphere was much slower than it is today, according to a new study.
A group of young people take to the streets of Kirkcaldy in the early hours of the morning.
St Helens moved up to second in Super League with victory over Catalans Dragons.
Residents of a Denbighshire village devastated by flooding three years ago have said they feel safer.
BT is to roll out fibre broadband to more than half of UK homes by the end of 2020.
Labour has said it will introduce fines of up to 100% of the value of a tax avoidance scheme if it wins the general election.
A leading medical expert has called for a ban on the use of scrums and line-outs in rugby matches in England.
A Grade II-listed castle on the Isle of Wight is to undergo a major restoration project.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has said an expert will examine the process by which a review of mesh implants was carried out.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a harbour, prompting a police investigation.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the UK, according to new figures.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition calling for a controversial dog festival to be banned.
China's Zhang Long won Olympic gold in the men's -75kg weightlifting with a record-breaking performance in Rio.
Manchester United have signed Netherlands striker Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for an undisclosed fee.
Virtual reality (VR) is the future of the entertainment industry.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won her second World Cup gold medal of the season in Slovenia.
A Dundee man who shouted "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers" to members of a mosque has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Four men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a factory.
A delivery driver has been hit in the face with a golf club during an "unprovoked" robbery.
Devolution in Wales has not gone as far as it should, according to the former head of the Church in Wales.
More than 40,000 hectares of commercial forest in Wales need to be re-planted to meet the growing demand for timber, according to conservationists.
Rare eels have been found on a riverbed in Norfolk for the first time in more than a decade.
A court in India has charged Bollywood star Salman Khan with causing the death of a policeman by careless driving.
At the funeral of Eddie Hutch in Londonderry on Saturday, a man was shot dead in the lobby of a receptionist's office.
Glasgow Wheelers are to launch a sportive in honour of legendary British cyclist Robert Millar.
Immigrants should be able to learn Welsh as an alternative to English if living and working in Wales, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the US for brain-tracking technology has more than doubled in the past five years, according to new figures.
A hospital has been criticised after a bung was left in place after a patient underwent surgery on the wrong side of the bed.
Hungary's prime minister has said he is "full of fear" that European leaders are not able to control the migrant crisis.
Melania Trump's decision to move her son into the White House during the middle of the school year has caused a stir on social media.
The leader of the Welsh Government's public accounts committee has said Labour incompetence is endangering devolution.
A firefighter has been sacked for failing to respond to two 999 calls within 24 hours of a woman dying in a house fire.
A Gloucestershire secondary school is to close, with the loss of more than 100 pupils.
Paintings by the Welsh artist Tryweryn Williams are to go on show in Cardiff.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, has said it is "deeply concerned" about a security breach that may have led to the theft of the virtual currency.
Greg Gregory has been keeping his eyes glued to the television as he prepares to make his Masters debut.
The death of a 19-year-old woman who filmed herself taking her own life on the social media app Periscope has raised questions about the dangers of the medium.
A woman who stabbed her mother to death in her own home has been jailed for life.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the US dollar rose against the yen.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsene Wenger's first game in charge of Arsenal ended in a crushing defeat as Manchester United thrashed the Gunners at Old Trafford.
A group of tourists have been evacuated from Mount Etna in Italy after a lava flow burst into snow.
David Cameron is "greatly dismayed" by the result of the Holyrood election, a former Scottish secretary has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has the potential to become the first All Black to win a World Cup, according to former New Zealand captain John Brooke.
Benfica thrashed Vitória Guimarães to win the Portuguese league for the first time in their history.
When Patrick Smith retired from athletics at the age of 35, he had no idea he would go on to become an Olympian.
Down secured their first win of the season with a 1-13 to 0-14 victory over Meath in Division Two of the All-Ireland Football League.
Tributes have been paid to a "commitment socialist" who has died in Bristol.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been banned for six months by the Football Association for betting offences.
In the middle of the pitch at Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, a huge racket is being played.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to earn money from online activities and renting out properties, a survey suggests.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe being gay is a sin.
Construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish Parliament's finance committee is due to vote on the budget later this month.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Celebrity entertainer Gary Barlow has performed a surprise concert in Oxford.
Five people have been injured in a fire in a block of flats in East Lothian.
Poland's parliament has voted to reject a controversial proposal to ban abortion in cases of rape or incest.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit the Hatton Garden jewellery raid in which more than Â£10m worth of cash was stolen.
Wales maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Jamaica's Justin Gatlin won the T44 100m at the European Championships in a time of 9.99 seconds, his second best of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at why the country has become the centre of the world.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations were ended by a 1-1 draw with Ecuador in Jeonju.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The French parliament has condemned the appointment of former European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso as the new chairman of Goldman Sachs.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of this season.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Howard will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The UK unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in August, the lowest level since records began, official figures show.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, new figures show.
The former chief executive of Hollywood's Redstone Entertainment Group, David Dauman, is to step down from his post, the company has announced.
Scotland women's players have refused to take part in media duties amid a dispute with the Scottish Football Association.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso with arms, legs and head cut off.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover cruised to a 4-3 win over Forest Green in the National League.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering her ex-partner over a £10,000 debt.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has carried out a series of covert operations in Africa over the past 50 years.
Dan Biggar and Keelan Giles will start for Ospreys in their European Champions Cup match against Grenoble on Saturday, 17 December.
A Cambridge school has introduced a gender neutral uniform for its pupils.
Northern Ireland's Marc Sharvin shot a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Australian Open.
A red letterbox 'pin' has appeared on a road in Berkshire for the first time in more than a year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether Africa's artists are free to tell their stories.
A potted site in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been described as one of the most important archaeological finds in Northern Ireland.
A woman has died after a two-car crash on the A90 in County Londonderry.
A number of flights have been cancelled in the Republic of Ireland due to severe weather conditions.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the mixed doubles at the British Badminton Championships in Birmingham.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a two-year deal.
Lord West has said he would not talk to the prime minister unless his constituency happens to be in Wales.
A man who sold a Star Wars toy for just £1.50 last year is set to sell another box of the toy for £40,000.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland on Saturday will be the toughest of his career.
The justice department in the US state of Arizona has announced a change in its policy on recording suspects in court.
A High Court judge has been asked to review the country's hate crime laws.
A rare manuscript of the New Testament has been found after a £1m fundraising campaign.
Ukraine's new government has promised to bring all those involved in last month's referendum in Crimea to justice.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld a decision to disqualify former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidency, his lawyer has said.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson has been suspended from all football-related activity by the club.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker Ryan Preston on a two-year deal following his release by Bournemouth.
A teacher accused of beating his girlfriend to death after she refused to have an abortion told her she was "too young to have a child", a court has heard.
David Taylor was one of the greatest footballers of all time.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key US jobs figures later in the week.
Police in England and Wales are to be given new guidance on domestic abuse.
The Liberal Democrats are to offer carers in Wales a bonus to help them cope with the pressure of caring for others, Nick Clegg has said.
Fidel Castro, the Cuban revolutionary leader, has died at the age of 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
If you're a fan of a pop star, you might think it would be a good idea to introduce them to their fans.
Three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are to hold talks in Berlin later on how to deal with the migrant crisis at the port of Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Katie Brace has signed a professional contract with WBC.
Poet Dylan Thomas's handwritten notebooks have been sold at auction for £1m.
A stage musical based on the novel Adrian Mole, written by Sue Townsend, has opened in Leicester.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A4232 in Cardiff.
Brian Reid has left his role as manager of Scottish Premiership side Stranraer by mutual consent.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after posting anti-Semitic tweets.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has postponed the start of high-level talks on his country's bailout, the European Commission has said.
Chad's security forces have arrested seven men in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl, the BBC has learned.
Plans for a new social housing development on a derelict former railway station site have been recommended for approval.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
A Netflix special about the comedian who has been accused of sexual assault has been cancelled.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's most popular TV presenters.
A couple who were robbed of their cycling medal and jewellery 10 years ago have been reunited with the items they were stolen from.
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has announced plans to end business rates on sporting estates and increase community ownership rates.
Nour Aboumerhi's family fled the so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria's capital, Raqqa, in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed former Whitehawk striker Ben Mills.
Hamburg has become the first German city to introduce a law requiring owners of empty commercial properties to pay compensation for the influx of migrants.
Warwickshire pace bowler Josh Poysden and all-rounder Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the county.
A chatbot that can help people pay parking fines has been launched in the UK.
Former Home Secretary David Waddington has died at the age of 87.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at a Cardiff hospital which has been plagued by traffic congestion.
The BBC has strongly refutes claims it filmed an iguana hatchling being chased by snakes in a nature documentary.
A group set up in memory of Cumbrian explorer John Wainwright has been chosen to help repair falls in the Lake District.
Millwall moved into the League One play-off places with victory at Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of GoPro action cams, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs as part of a restructuring.
Ian Brady, the convicted child killer who murdered five children, is still suffering from paranoid schizophrenia, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
An investigation has been launched after a 72-year-old man was found dead at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
The UK's Nerc Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling says 2016 looks to be an "interesting year" for Arctic sea-ice.
Liberia thrashed Algerian side Kabylie of Algeria 4-0 in the first leg of their Confederation Cup quarter-final.
Norbrook, the County Down-based construction firm, has appointed David Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a superb first-half display to inflict a first Premier League defeat of the season on Chelsea.
A group of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of Danny Kirby, Jack Gumbs and Ryan Duggan.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked twice in Belfast city centre.
Abercrombie has been criticised for a "inappropriate" tweet about the LGBTQ community.
A couple have been left "completely penniless" after their funeral services went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, hours after he was due to be released.
Scientists have developed a treatment to reduce the risk of brain injuries in high-impact sports.
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Joe Federici on a two-year deal.
Two men have been found liable for the Omagh bomb attack after a retrial, the High Court has ruled.
The former president of the Royal Society of British Scientists has warned that the UK could lose 16% of its research workforce if Brexit happens.
More than half a tonne of toxic chemicals could have been inhaled by the Scottish population if smoking had not been banned, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League group stage for the first time with a 5-0 win over FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is "happy" with his side after they came from behind to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
Police in Glasgow are considering installing CCTV cameras in the area of the city's Necropolis to deter anti-social behaviour.
The UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, Home Secretary David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK's four main political parties of "swinging cuts" to the Welsh economy.
Kent Football Club has reported a loss for the financial year to the end of March.
Syrian government forces say they have recaptured the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) in a major offensive.
The UK has become the first country in the world to send 66 UK students to the United States.
A schoolgirl has won a prize for her story about a chimpanzee.
A Russian official has been arrested in Mongolia on suspicion of attacking a Soviet-era rapper at a concert in the country on Saturday.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a pothole in Rochdale have launched a legal action against the council.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week.
Spain have become the first nation to qualify for the Rio Olympics after beating Australia in the men's Rugby World Cup.
The remains of a World War Two fighter plane have been found in Oxfordshire more than 40 years after it crashed.
All pictures are copyrighted. All pictures subject to copyright.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her first film in Scotland.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored as Juventus eased to a comfortable win over Porto in the Champions League.
Wales lock George Ball says he is "excited" to return to the starting line-up for the Six Nations opener against Italy.
A crowdfund campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was found dead at his home in Leicestershire.
Frankie Raymond's late winner earned Dagenham a 1-0 win over York in the National League.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal with The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
Dozens of British fans have been injured in clashes at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, French police say.
Iraqi security forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli, near the city of Mosul, officials say.
Investors in virtual currencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum should be required to register offers and sales, US regulators have said.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party's pledge to scrap tuition fee subsidies.
France's Sophie Bankier made it 10 National titles in a row with victory in the women's doubles at the Badminton Scotland Championships in Glasgow.
Emmanuel Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Call of Duty fans have been reacting angrily on social media to the release of a fictional video game.
Researchers at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed resistant Atlantic salmon.
North Korea is one of the most corrupt countries in the world.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour when he delivered the Budget.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling Championships in London.
Matt Martin has pulled out of the North West 200 after the team withdrew him from next month's event.
Venezuelan police and the National Guard have lifted a curfew in the southern city of San Cristobal, officials say.
More than 90% of social housing tenants in Scotland have called for the right to buy to be scrapped.
A new exhibition celebrating Liverpool's architectural past and future has opened in Liverpool.
A man has discovered the deepest part of Loch Ness in the English Channel.
Plans for a new education campus in East Ayrshire have been given the go-ahead by the council.
The parents of a British aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan have said they "deliberately took a choice" to try and make a positive impact.
Two Hong Kong police officers have been jailed for five years for assaulting a protester during the city's pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a car crash on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress, his family has said.
Gerry Rafferty, one of Northern Ireland's most influential songwriters, has died at the age of 70.
The first Concorde to be flown on the International Space Station has been unveiled in Bristol.
The company behind the 5p charge for plastic bags in England has said it has been hit by "aggressive overseas competition".
Two lesbian women have been separated from their families in Indonesia's Aceh province after they were falsely accused of being gay.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound fraud case against six ex-cabinet ministers.
Michael McKinstry's career has been a rollercoaster ride.
Scotland's Liam Forsyth says hosting the Hockey World League in Glasgow will help boost the sport's popularity in the country.
Two brothers who lost a long-running legal battle with property developers have offered to settle their debts.
UK manufacturing grew at its slowest pace in three years in May, according to a closely watched survey.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed Ivory Coast striker Ali Makris on a two-year deal.
Oscar-winning actor John Wallach has died at the age of 95, his family has announced.
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will begin their US Open campaigns on Monday.
Israel has warned its citizens not to travel to India because of a potential terror attack on New Year's Eve celebrations.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since the EU referendum, according to a new survey.
A car bomb has exploded at the citadel of the Old City of Aleppo in northern Syria, activists say.
Tropical forests in Africa may be more resilient to future climate change than previously thought, a study suggests.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who has been missing for more than a month.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after two people were found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Hannah Howard on a two-year deal.
Nigeria's convicted money launderer James Ibori has been awarded £4,000 in damages by the High Court in London.
The Scottish Football Association has apologised after a scam email was sent to supporters.
Welsh walker Jade Davies says it is "unbelievable" to be on the same stage as some of the biggest names in athletics at the 2017 World Championships.
Former Wisden captain and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 90.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life has pleaded not guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Sam Warburton says the decision to replace Alun Wyn Jones as Wales captain is the "best thing" for him.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man was shot dead in Birmingham.
Pakistan has asked the chief of army staff to spare the life of a former Indian navy officer detained in 2016.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at the gender pay gap in the skilled trades.
A pilot scheme to police illegal parking outside schools was halted after a lone parent enforced the rules, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after their relegation from League One.
A man has been jailed for more than 12 years for his part in the death of a 12-year-old boy.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat Francesca Schiavone 6-4 6-2 to reach the French Open second round.
A left-wing group has accused Labour of "abandoning its values" after a surge in support for Jeremy Corbyn in the leadership contest.
Thousands of people in central Chile have been evacuated from their homes after a powerful earthquake hit the region.
When Coventry City announced they were moving to the Ricoh Arena in 2005, there was a sense of optimism among the club's fans.
League One side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bournemouth striker Callum O'Neill until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish Country Music Festival.
The internet is a huge part of our daily lives.
A bomb has been found close to a primary school in north Belfast.
Papers are praising India's efforts to improve ties with Bhutan amid rising tensions on the border with China.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed Catriona Staniforth and Sophie Sjoman from Newcastle United for undisclosed fees.
On the outskirts of Gaza City, on the edge of the sea, is a block of flats built by the Palestinian militant group Hamas.
A number of CrossCountry services between Edinburgh and Glasgow have been cancelled due to a lack of funding.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate their maritime stand-off in the South China Sea.
More than 100 cardinals have arrived in Rome to begin the process of electing a new Pope.
Elena and her husband, Anatoly, are struggling to pay off their debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called for China's currency to appreciate further in an effort to rein in the country's slowing economy.
Three teenagers have been rescued after their boat capsized in the River Clyde.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is "very unlikely" it will recommend that BT split off its Openreach division.
A court in Niger has opened a criminal investigation into alleged corruption in the uranium industry.
At least 11 people have been killed in the Western Cape province of South Africa in what officials say is the worst winter storm in 30 years.
A freight train has derailed in the US state of Tennessee, leaving seven people dead and more than 100 injured.
Paralympic archery champion Jade Brown says she will not compete at the Rio Paralympics.
A rugby player was killed when his car hit a roundabout and landed on its roof, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a bulldozer crashed into a house in Australia, killing a woman and injuring three others.
Nico Rosberg led Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues moved into the Premiership play-off places with a bonus-point win over Pau.
A legal challenge has been launched against a crematorium which refused to hand over the ashes of more than 1,000 babies to their parents.
President Donald Tusk has written to the European Council to express his disappointment at the result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is one of the biggest employers in Northern Ireland.
French customs officials have blocked an attempt to export a 17th Century painting from Spain to Switzerland after it was found on a boat in the Mediterranean.
MPs have called for a review of the contents of a package sent to Sir Bradley Wiggins' Team Sky doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a Glasgow shopkeeper in a "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified attack".
What can we learn from the last two weeks of polling on the EU referendum?
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says the club's Grand Final win was a fitting way to end their careers.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Talks aimed at resolving the junior doctors' dispute in England have been extended.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have signed a hotline to discuss the security situation in the country.
The Sydney Sixers beat Melbourne Heat by seven runs in the One-Day Cup final to reach the semi-finals.
Barca extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with victory over Levante.
The head of Spain's transport regulator, Renfe, has said there was no record of any damage or abnormality on the train that derailed in the south of the country.
The funeral of a teenager who was killed in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a century as Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by eight wickets in the Women's Super League.
Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Nikos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen sharply following comments from Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen about the value of US stocks.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Cardiff Blues.
A sinkhole has opened up on a main road that links two quarries, a council has said.
When Jolyon Lauda won the 1976 Formula 1 World Championship at Brands Hatch, it was one of the most dramatic moments in the sport's history.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Ross Schalk's late goal gave Hibernian victory over Ross County in the Scottish League Cup final.
Two dogs have been taken ill after being walked near a cricket pitch in Essex.
Wales head coach Huw Jenkins says the reaction to his side's Six Nations win over France is " baffling".
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Ninbych ar 12 Awst.
Scientists have developed fingerprint structures that could be used to authenticate electronic devices.
Drugs including benzodiazepines have been stolen during a burglary at a pharmaceuticals in Londonderry.
England are in a very good position to win the second Test against South Africa at The Oval.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the response to her victory at the European Championships in London.
It is a quiet retreat in the foothills of the Poconos mountains in the US state of Pennsylvania.
The family of a British teenager who died after being drugged and raped on a beach in India nine years ago has appealed against a conviction.
If you wanted to know what was going on at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix in Nethergate.
A woman has been charged with raping a cab driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a County Londonderry teacher who died in a fall in China have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A 17-year-old artist is exhibiting his work from a boat.
Fernando Lopez kicked a late penalty as Scotland came from behind to beat France in the Six Nations opener in Paris.
Bus drivers in Dorset are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay.
The Michelin factory in County Antrim is to close with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
The world's largest donor of aid to Syria has failed to meet its "fair share" of what it should be giving, charity Oxfam says.
The Revenant has been named best animated film at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles.
Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
An EasyJet dog has become one of the most travelled animals in the UK.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
The BBC's Reality Check team has been looking at the implications of the UK's decision to invoke Article 50, the process of leaving the European Union.
Staff at Swansea University's School of Management have claimed they were subjected to a "culture of suspicion" at the university.
Wasps flanker N Hughes has been named in the England squad for the autumn Test series against Australia.
Derbyshire have signed pace bowler Liam Cotton and fast bowler Adam Taylor on loan until the end of the season.
Vigils have been held across the UK to remember the South African woman who was shot dead in 2015.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in the Republic of Ireland for an undisclosed sum.
A payday lender has agreed to pay out £700,000 to 65,000 customers who may have suffered financial problems due to its affordability checks.
Singer Joan Collins has said she is "doing well" after suffering a traumatic brain injury three years ago.
Motorists in Edinburgh will soon be able to drive at up to 20mph as part of a multi-million pound road safety project.
More than 600,000 people missed hospital appointments in Scotland in the last five years, according to new figures.
The chief executive of Royal Mail has been named in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months time, the organisation responsible for the event has said.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£55m) to settle claims that asylum seekers were unlawfully held in Papua New Guinea.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a victim of sexual abuse by a former teacher.
Plans have been unveiled for a new skyscraper in Southampton which would be the tallest in the UK.
Kris Taylor says he has learned to deal with the "nasty cut" he suffered in his WBA super-lightweight title defeat by Martin Joubert.
A Grade II listed theatre in Burnley has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has eased the rules governing abortion in the Catholic Church, allowing priests to forgive those who seek forgiveness.
A Nepalese police inquiry has been launched into a couple's claim that they had climbed Mount Everest.
Manchester City's unbeaten start to the season continued as they were held to a draw by Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
An 81-year-old woman has been killed in a house fire in Stirling.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported a record profit for the fourth quarter of its financial year.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" to be in contention for the world championship for the first time since 2010.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's response to the Syrian refugee crisis.
Plans for a new £5m palliative care centre at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
Hospitals in Denbighshire have been forced to cancel some operations due to "unprecedented" demand.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.6bn) to settle allegations that it rigged the Libor interest rate.
Two young Irish rugby players have been able to play without goggles for the first time.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup finals.
Crewe Alexandra manager Kevin Davis says the club's young players have signed first-year scholar contracts.
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the Premiership final for the first time in their history.
NHS staff in England are being asked to use Google to verify they are not a robot.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "devastated" by the amount of rubbish police have combed through since he went missing last month.
The cost of offering free childcare to working parents in Wales could rise by up to £200m, an economist has warned.
James Corden has appeared on Carpool Karaoke with First Lady Michelle Obama for the first time.
A museum celebrating the 150th anniversary of Pride and Prejudice has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Wigan Warriors head coach Steve Smith says his side are "looking just to win" after their dramatic Super League win over Warrington Wolves.
England's Chris Woakes, James Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named the world's best all-rounder in 2016.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash in County Down.
New Zealand international Ryan Draper scored a hat-trick as Scottish League Two leaders Inverness Caledonian Thistle were knocked out of the Scottish Cup.
Every pound, shilling and pence that we spend will be cut in the first year of the Welsh Government, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of indecency with children.
Some of Scotland's leading public figures are to be recognised in the New Year Honours list.
The number of nursing homes and adult social care homes in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, the Care Quality Commission has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to drink-driving charges after testing positive for yeast, her lawyer says.
Scientists say they have identified a gene that may have helped humans to grow larger brains.
Tottenham have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee.
A hospital chain has removed a pizza shop from its list of approved suppliers after the phrase "mental ill health" was found on delivery instructions.
A further £4.2m is to be spent on repairing the damage caused by winter storms, the Welsh government has announced.
Five women have been shortlisted for the 2015 BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super 8s with a hard-fought victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
U2 have been hailed as one of the greatest rock 'n' roll bands of all time at their homecoming concert in Dublin.
Wales opened their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
A yellow "be aware" warning of flooding has been issued by the Met Office for Northern Ireland.
Iranian police have arrested 13 people over a video featuring US singer Michelle Williams dancing to the song "Happy we are from Tehran".
A woman who went missing more than a decade ago was murdered by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
The government has lost a legal challenge against the government's plan to bring down air pollution in the UK.
The BBC's Proms is celebrating its 20th anniversary, with the first performance by a female conductor for the BBC.
An Afghan court has sentenced a man to life in prison for raping his four-year-old daughter.
A pilot who caused an RAF jet to nosedive over the Black Sea has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence.
The Telegram messaging app has become a key platform for so-called Islamic State (IS) to disseminate its propaganda.
Iraq's parliament has approved a sweeping reform package aimed at reforming the country's political system.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations play-off in Dar es Salaam.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won gold in the women's four at the Rio Olympics as Great Britain finished third in the medal table.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in central London have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City striker Ben Davies says the club's summer signings were "last minute".
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted overwhelmingly in favour of allowing abortion.
Munster have been cleared of breaching concussion management rules following an incident involving scrum-half Conor Murray in the Pro12 defeat by Glasgow Warriors.
Iraqi security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad.
A woman who has cerebral palsy and learning disabilities is to be sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A jury has been selected to design a £1m restoration of a Grade I listed stately home.
Britain's Chris Froome won the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine on Tuesday.
Firefighters have tackled a major blaze at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Four men from the North East have been arrested in Italy as part of an investigation into alleged links between the UK and the Islamic State group.
Jordan, one of the Middle East's most important states, is the largest and most populous Arab nation.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered UN agencies and non-governmental organisations to leave the region, the UN's humanitarian chief has said.
India will play in the Champions Trophy for the first time in 2023, the world governing body has announced.
Plans to reintroduce flood forests to upland areas of the UK could be "highly effective" and cheaper than conventional flood defences, Lord Rooker has said.
The Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has shelved plans to open a lounge selling marijuana.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the Tees Valley.
A Russian prosecutor has said a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II has been found to contain holy secretion.
President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next US Supreme Court justice.
Catherine Howe is a venture capitalist who has worked in the entertainment industry for more than 50 years.
A railway station that was once regarded as one of the most beautiful in the world has gone on display for the first time.
Chinese shares fell on Monday after a closely watched survey suggested that manufacturing activity in the world's second largest economy was slowing.
Three policemen have been injured after a gang of masked men tried to break into a jewellers in central London.
Leverkusen boss Christian Schmidt has been banned from all football-related activity for two games after being sent off in the German Cup second round.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party has been knocked out of the running for the presidency of the European Parliament in the run-off vote.
The Green Party has gained its first Orkney councillor in the local elections.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with three cars in Edinburgh.
It's been an extraordinary week for Scotland.
A County Londonderry man has said he is "devastated" after a postcard he sent 29 years ago was found in a sorting machine.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Kangaroos prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US rival for $1.5bn (£1.6bn) in cash.
A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped in the Philippines has been killed, Philippine officials say.
Madonna has released the first music video for her new album.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a philanderer.
Cornwall has voted to remain a member of the European Union with an extra £416m of funding coming into the county.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in South Lanarkshire.
It's been a remarkable night for the Scottish Conservatives.
World number one Ding Junhui fought back from 5-4 down to beat Spain's Fernando Figueiredo 6-4 in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for not doing enough to help victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Warsaw Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over China's Zheng Saisai.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of a Royal Navy squadron in World War Two.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned to Saturn.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties across the Isle of Wight.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat to an academy.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed midfielder Ryan Marsh on a two-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
The Premier League season has been one of the best in the history of the game.
Irish students Niccolai Donohoe, Eoghan Schuster and Michael Culligan have died in a balcony collapse in the US.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because some of the questions were leaked online.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is interested in bringing back the old Clause IV of the party's constitution.
Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are seeing the "old Swansea" again.
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" over their handling of child sex abuse allegations, a review has found.
Paul Smith's WBA super-middleweight title defence ended in defeat after a unanimous points decision over Germany's Alexander Zeuge.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to star in a new film about the Great Train Robbery.
The US has said it will drop charges against its consul in India, Kailash Khobragade, who was arrested last week on charges of fraud.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates has been named as a finalist for the Martin Ennals Award.
Politicians in the North of England are calling for more investment in the region's transport system in the wake of the Brexit vote.
British number two Dan Evans reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Czech qualifier Lukas Rosol.
Voting has begun in local elections in Merseyside.
A 15-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in Aberdeenshire.
A French secularist has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals.
Mayo's hopes of winning back-to-back All-Ireland titles suffered a major blow as they were beaten 0-19 to 1-13 by Dublin in the final at Croke Park.
More than 100 Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
Belarus has banned a Russian official from competing at the Rio Paralympics after he carried a Russian flag on the opening day of the Games.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a 10-year-old boy by dangerous driving after he was knocked down by a tractor.
Former road race champion David Miller has joined British Cycling as an anti-doping officer until the end of the month.
Residents have said they are "very angry" about a fire which has been burning for more than a week.
Eight men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including supporting a proscribed organisation.
A long-running debate over a new way to transmit data across the electromagnetic spectrum has come to a head.
The inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan, who died after giving birth to a baby boy, has highlighted the need for more support for mothers and babies in England and Wales.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales are facing a huge increase in business rates.
Brighton midfielder Wes Stephens has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the FA Cup semi-final.
France's centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is due to make a speech on Monday, amid reports that his wife was paid for non-existent work.
More than half of UK workers are worried about their workload when they are ill, a survey suggests.
Residents at a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding on the building failed new fire tests.
An Indian doctor has been arrested in Australia on suspicion of defrauding the country out of more than A$30,000 (Â£18,600).
US President Barack Obama has said it is "hard to envision how" a Palestinian state would occur while he was prime minister, after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he wanted a two-state solution.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl at a care home.
The government has announced plans to throw Â£5m at groups prepared to join it in the fight against extremism.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has called on Prime Minister Theresa May to support an open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland after Brexit.
Universities in England are to be given a clearer picture of what they can expect from their students, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to say.
A Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton unearthed in Mongolia has been sold at auction for more than $1m (Â£800,000).
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman saved two penalties in the dying stages as his side were held to a goalless draw by Blackpool.
The number of people needing mental health treatment in Wales has risen by more than a third in six years, figures have shown.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall.
More than half of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
A review of the speed limit in Manchester has found it has not reduced the number of accidents in 20mph zones, the BBC has learned.
St Johnstone midfielder James Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club, with the option of a further year.
Labour can beat the Conservatives by itself, Welsh MP Jo Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound was found dead behind a water tank in Lancashire.
A German court has opened the trial of a far-right activist accused of involvement in a series of mass killings in East Germany.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Univision will not air the Miss Universe pageant in the United States.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for remarks he made during his Golden Globe acceptance speech at the ceremony.
A multi-million pound shopping complex in Newport is set to open with the opening of a Debenhams store.
India's central bank governor has warned that the country may not have the tools to tackle its economic problems.
The three main political parties in the UK say they will clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Rescuers in Italy say they are facing a "race against time" to find survivors after another earthquake struck the country.
A memorial service for the victims of the Shoreham air disaster is to be held in West Sussex.
A police and crime commissioner has expressed concern over plans to move his office from Exeter to Exeter, the BBC has learned.
The Australian government has announced a multi-million dollar drought assistance package for farmers in Queensland.
A grand jury in the US state of South Carolina has found Sandra Bland not guilty of murder.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Mark Ding reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time with a 4-3 win over Thailand's Anjem Raza.
Northamptonshire director of cricket Martin Benkenstein is hopeful batsman Chris Berg will be fit for the start of the new County Championship season.
The partner of a man allegedly killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was in a washing machine.
Mae'r esgobion yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf wedi dilyn ei hethol gan aelodau ym mis Tachwedd.
Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox has left the League Two club by mutual consent after the club's relegation from the National League.
Carmaker Cadbury has announced plans to change the way it sells its cocoa and sugar products, in a move that could lead to a shift away from the Fairtrade certification system.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for Fiction.
A Rangers fan has been banned from attending future football matches after being hit by a lorry during a match.
The US has stepped up security for the Super Bowl in California, amid heightened security following the deadly attacks in Paris last year.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he was taken to hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest, according to his consultant Dr David Tobin.
A 47-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in the first pre-season test at the Australian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has topped a list of the world's most influential art dealers.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a video emerged showing men kissing a cardboard cutout of a female employee in Kuala Lumpur.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
"The world's food system built on incredibly cheap calories," says Prof David Benton, a professor at the University of Leeds.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding a first Championship defeat of the season were ended by Kent on a rain-affected second day at Edgbaston.
North Korea says it has successfully tested a ballistic missile for the first time, according to state media.
The number of people being conned out of their pension savings has doubled in the last two years, according to the Financial Conduct Authority.
A barrister is challenging a decision not to refer two brothers to the Crown Court for breaching their assisting offender agreements.
Young people are being warned not to buy cosmetic contact lenses because they could cause eye disease.
A worker at a Byron restaurant in south London has described how immigration officials arrested him and deported him.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town defender Jack Cole for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Game of Thrones star Arya Christie is to star in the next series of Top of the Lake.
First Derivatives, a Dublin-based financial technology firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the three months to the end of December.
A man who carried out a series of break-ins in Manchester has been banned from entering alleyways.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has told the BBC that a UK exit from the European Union would have "a direct and significant impact on Ireland and the Irish people".
The Home Office is to carry out a "strategic review" of undercover policing in Scotland.
Lazio have been given a two-match supporters' ban by European football's governing body Uefa.
A judge in San Bernardino, California, has thrown out a request by Apple to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after clashes broke out outside the venue.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb says he is "back up and running" in pre-season.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A train carriage which transported Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral in Oxfordshire has been restored.
Hundreds of nude models are to go on display in Hull for the first time in the city's history.
Historic recordings made by Oliver Cromwell Wall's family during World War One have been restored by the Museum of London.
UKIP has accused the BBC of making a false statement about Nigel Farage on its satire show Have I Got News for You.
Researchers in Italy have developed a robotic arm that can be used in "minimally invasive" surgery.
One of the world's most famous locomotives has made its first journey across the moors.
A woman has been charged after trouble broke out during a performance of Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games.
Plans to move three of Wales' most popular radio stations to a new studios in Carmarthenshire have been approved by the BBC.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies based in the Falkland Islands.
One of the world's most famous aircraft - the F-35 Lightning II - has returned to the skies above Stockport.
The UK is likely to have to pay up to £500m in the event of Brexit, according to a report by the European Commission.
A mobile phone app that allows people to identify themselves has been criticised by the BBC.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama beat Rory McIlroy by one shot to win his first major in China.
A search has been launched for a kayaker believed to be in difficulty off the coast of County Down.
Facebook has unveiled a new version of its Messenger messaging app, which it says will allow users to directly post to it.
It's that time of year again when the leaders of the world's two biggest economies meet for the first time.
The US is sending up to 100 special forces troops to Iraq to help the fight against so-called Islamic State, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of pro-democracy and human rights organisations, officials say.
At the Natural History Museum in Knoxville, Tennessee, you are greeted by a large cadaver.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling on a beach in Porthcawl.
One Direction fans have been left "gutted and a little bit sick" after their Little Mix concert in Belfast was cancelled due to Jesy being ill.
Work has begun on a new centre dedicated to the Battle of the Somme, which is due to open next year.
Ben Owens scored a hat-trick of tries as Warrington beat Widnes to keep alive their hopes of Super League survival.
South Africa is one of the world's most beautiful countries.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed former Chesterfield midfielder N'Golo Kante for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq fell sharply on Friday as investors reacted to weaker-than-expected US durable goods orders.
As the Sri Lankan embassy in the Saudi capital, Colombo, prepares to open its doors for the first time in more than a decade, a queue of women is forming outside the detention centre.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama in a major challenge to his signature healthcare law.
A former member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been jailed for eight years for a string of firearms offences dating back to 1974.
Hundreds of thousands of Coptic Christians have attended a vigil in Cairo to remember the late Pope Shenouda.
A man's body has been found in a road in Lancashire.
Jeremy Corbyn has been photographed clutching a banana at the start of Labour's party conference in Bournemouth.
Marcus Rashford will have to adjust to the pressure of playing at Euro 2016, says Wales manager Chris Coleman.
MPs have voted to hold an immediate review of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill after failing in their attempts to amend it.
The main building of the University of Aberdeen has been closed following a fire.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient.
The number of drug users in Wrexham has risen dramatically in the last decade, according to a new report.
Tanzania's electoral commission has called for calm after clashes broke out in the capital, Dar es Salaam, in the run-up to elections on Tuesday, the president's spokesman has said.
More than 5,000 jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to official figures.
A fact-finding mission for the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons has concluded that a "large number" of people died in a chemical attack in northern Syria in March.
A militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has said it has killed more than 100 soldiers in Yemen.
A British soldier who lost his suit during the Gallipoli campaign in World War One has been reunited with it after a two-year search.
Paralympic champion David Weir has said he will still compete at the London Marathon this year.
More than 76 jobs are to go at Shropshire College, it has been announced.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating allegations of malpractice in a school examination.
Ed Sheeran has made a surprise appearance at this year's Glastonbury Festival in front of a crowd of up to 3,000 people.
The Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone has led to the death of more than 100 people since the civil war began in 1991.
Former deputy prime minister Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar.
Paris St-Germain maintained their lead at the top of Ligue 1 with a comfortable win over Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Federico Fazio has left the club by mutual consent.
The world is about to become a world of wearable, health-focused gadgets.
Pope Francis has accepted a miracle attributed to the late Mother Teresa, the Catholic Church has said.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The value of used Volkswagen cars has fallen by more than a third in the past year, according to new research.
Facebook's founder has said he is sympathetic to Apple's refusal to unlock the iPhone of a gunman who killed 14 people in San Bernardino last December.
The remains of a passenger on the missing AirAsia flight QZ8501 have been found in the Java Sea, Indonesian officials say.
Beauly will face Oban Camanachd in the Camanachd Cup semi-finals after a 2-2 draw away to Kilmallie.
Belgian police have foiled a terror attack in a town near the border with Germany, a prosecutor says.
A council is to use night-vision goggles to catch dog owners who fail to clean up after their pets.
A squirrel has been caught on CCTV running across the floor of a bar to turn on the Caffrey's tap.
Scottish Labour is to ask the Scottish government what it knows about allegations that two UK police forces have been spying on MSPs.
A man who spent 22 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of a gun attack has been exonerated by a judge.
More than 200 traders have been fined for failing to properly dispose of their waste in Edinburgh, according to the City of Edinburgh.
The families of two prisoners who died after self-inflicted incidents at a prison have launched a judicial review.
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said he does not think the public would let the Red Arrows be axed.
A peer who has been dying for several weeks has called for a legal euthanasia bill to be put on the statute books.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli was subjected to monkey noises during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Genoa, says his club Bastia.
Members of the RMT union have voted in favour of strike action by Virgin Trains in a dispute over staffing.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with ankle ligament damage.
In the wake of the resignation of the leader of the UK Independence Party, social media users have been debating who should take up the post.
The number of bees killed by pesticides in Europe has reached a record high, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been returned to Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry has said.
The United Nations has ended a campaign against the selection of Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
A yacht owner has been rescued after an explosion on a boat off the west coast of Scotland.
A man has been found guilty of racially aggravated conduct against four witnesses at a pro-refugee rally.
A four-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool have been backed by a report.
A radio station in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Biafra has been shut down by the government, the BBC has learned.
A former soldier who spent 15 years living rough on the streets of London has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Boeing has developed a high powered laser that can be used to target drones.
Four people have been arrested after teenager James Appleton was stabbed to death in a park in north London.
Crusaders will aim to extend their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership as they host Linfield at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John has called for more to be done to help ex-players with dementia.
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
A portrait of Mozart is to be painted on buildings around the world in tribute to the composer.
A new 'Boris bikes' scheme is to be rolled out in London.
India beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the second Test in Galle to move up to second in the Test series.
The US golfing world governing body has pulled out of hosting a major event in Mexico because of Donald Trump's political stance.
The Scottish government has been trying to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol for the past five years.
Tributes have been paid to Status Quo frontman Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 67.
Car insurance premiums in England and Wales will rise by an average of 20% over the next three years, the AA has warned.
The Championship play-offs and the dismissal of Danny Hylton were just some of the stories you may have missed on Saturday.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is "delighted" by the progress of his side in the Betfred Cup group stage.
The head of the University of Edinburgh has called on the Scottish government to withdraw controversial amendments to a bill which would allow the role of rectors to be devolved.
Cardiff City midfielder Peter Whittingham has asked his agent to consider a new contract.
A drilling rig is expected to arrive at the Beatrice oil field in Caithness later.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he is not feeling under pressure as he prepares for the World Championship quarter-finals.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating alleged financial irregularities.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly kicking a ball boy during Saturday's 2-1 League Two defeat by Port Vale.
National League side Guiseley have signed former Wrexham striker Joel O'Neill on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture honouring musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull.
A woman has been arrested after two mobile phones belonging to Metallica were stolen during a concert, police have said.
A woman has died after being hit by a tram in Ipswich.
Oisin O'Donnell has described his shock at being voted off Strictly Come Dancing as "ridiculous".
A German octopus called Paul is in the running to become the world's most famous.
Colwyn Bay have sacked manager David Lynch after just three months in charge of the National League strugglers.
A Cub Scout has won the men's title at the World Blind and visually impaired Games.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his car.
The world's first unmanned aircraft has made its first public appearance at the Paris Air Show.
How do you get to the top of the world's most famous street?
The US has called on the UN Human Rights Council to address its "chronic anti-Israel bias".
The Church of England is to divest from energy companies that make money from climate change.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" about the club's position in the Premier League.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by Olympiakos in the first leg of their Europa League tie.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to treat an attack on an air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir "just the way they want".
An Indian woman who claims she was forced into marriage by her husband in Pakistan has arrived in the capital, Delhi.
The Liberal Democrats have lost three seats in Scotland's general election.
Madagascar's parliament has approved the resignation of President Andry Rajaonarimampianina.
Alastair Cook hit a career-best 263 to give England a chance of a draw against Pakistan in the second Test.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to stage two days of strike action in a dispute over pay.
Why did a British plane drop a missile on a group of so-called Islamic State fighters in Syria?
A bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in Belfast city centre.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two teenage boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in April.
Mexican Interior Minister Gustavo Galindo has been sacked after a report accused police of using excessive force during a raid.
Airlines' travel bookings systems are riddled with flaws that could allow attackers to steal travellers' details, say security researchers.
About 15% of police officers in England and Wales are planning to leave the service, according to a survey by the BBC.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils and move up to second in Super League.
Oxford's main road is to be made a pedestrian-only zone when it reopens next year, the council has said.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has said it will take "appropriate steps" to ensure the safety of players during their tour of Bangladesh.
Two senior council leaders have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" that there will be treaty change to help solve the eurozone's economic crisis.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers on Thursday.
Scotland's largest corm has produced a flower for the first time in more than a decade at the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh.
Tyson Fury says he is "very confident" he will be cleared of a doping offence after his rematch with Wladimir Klitschko in October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found in ditches in Peterborough.
The world's first unmanned drone has been developed.
Work to demolish a building at the site where five people died in a power station collapse has begun, RWE NPower has said.
Indonesia's governing People's Democratic Party (PDI-P) has won the country's parliamentary election, according to preliminary results.
Brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a fresh bid for rival SABMiller.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced £250m of funding to improve access to tennis courts in England and Wales.
The South West is to receive the largest share of a £60m fund to help tackle the housing affordability gap, the government has announced.
Scientists in the US are holding a competition to see if artificial intelligence can beat human players in a poker game.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese takeaway owner in County Antrim.
Syrian government forces have launched a major offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Deir al-Zour.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-born blogger to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Revenue from music streaming rose by more than a third last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Taxi-hailing firm Uber has agreed to pay $1.2bn (£1.1bn) to settle a series of safety-related lawsuits.
A lion has escaped from the Karoo National Park in South Africa, officials say.
Poet Laureate Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, it has been announced.
A former soldier has been jailed for a "billion times more likely" to be responsible for the murder of a 15-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's president has sacked the entire cabinet in a major shake-up of the country's government.
The Russian space agency says it has lost contact with a spacecraft that was due to dock with the International Space Station (ISS).
In a makeshift refugee camp on the border with Syria, a group of children are playing with crayon drawings.
Two people have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of the Western Cape.
A number of homes in Great Yarmouth have been flooded after heavy rain caused flooding.
A cat found in a car in Glasgow was poisoned with antifreeze, according to the Scottish SPCA.
The Chicago Owlz baseball team has apologised for "misconstrued" promotions in the wake of the recent shootings in South Carolina.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who has been missing from her home in Milton Keynes.
What do you do if you're Lorde and you're sick?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title defence has been described as one of the best in the history of the city.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Somerset held Middlesex to a draw in the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was "wrong".
A lifeboat crew rescued a group of brides stranded on a river after their vessel became stuck in mud.
Actor Bradley Lowery is to star in a new Doctor Who episode, the BBC has announced.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government should fund a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released a CCTV image of two men they want to speak to in connection with a break-in at a couple's Kent home.
A new Â£2.3m market hall is to be built in Anglesey.
The government has agreed to make changes to stop and search powers in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glentoran boss Paul Haveron has urged his players to show passion and pride in Saturday's Irish Premiership derby against Linfield.
Plans to close consultant-led maternity services at a north Wales hospital have been approved by the health board.
Dumfries and Galloway manager Neil McCann has blamed a lacklustre attitude for his side's defeat by Dundee United.
Slovakia is one of the poorest countries in the European Union.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he is "close" to signing former Derby County defender Chris Barker.
A new bowling pavilion is to be built in Northamptonshire.
England reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifying tournament with a comfortable win over Belgium.
Google's Titan Aerospace, the company that has been developing high altitude drones for the internet, has shut down.
A 22-year-old man who escaped from a Manchester City Hospital window has been named by police.
Frank Pantridge, the Belfast-born doctor who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died in 2004.
Great Britain's Lionhearts won the World Superbantamweight Championship for the first time with a unanimous points win over Cuba.
Oldham reached the Challenge Cup sixth round for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Hull KR.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said plans to turn the city's Evin prison into a park have been approved by the judiciary.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
A Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) lawyer has said he regrets a decision to drop a rape case against a gang of sex workers in Rochdale.
It is not often that top footballers are diagnosed with a cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have both lost listeners in the last three months of 2016, according to audience research body Kantar.
A festival celebrating the life and work of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is to be held in Edinburgh.
Schalke have agreed a deal to appoint Marco Tedesco as their new head coach, subject to international clearance.
Celtic have been fined £10,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League defeat by Dynamo Kiev.
A towpath in the Vale of Glamorgan is to close for two weeks to allow repairs to be carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has published updated rules to tackle fan disorder in its stadiums.
India's Maoist rebels began their insurgency in the mid-1960s when they seized control of a remote part of the country's north-east.
Scientists have traced the lineage of hundreds of thousands of cells, using a molecular tape recorder.
Katie Storey won the women's road race at the World Para-athletics Championships for the first time in her career.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for seven years for corruption.
The government has announced a raft of reforms to the UK's public services in the Queen's Speech, which is being read by MPs.
Australian police are continuing to search for a saltwater crocodile after a boy was mauled to death by the reptile.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their 1-0 defeat by Switzerland in their Euro 2016 opener on Monday.
A new app has been launched to help people who have taken their own lives in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
Two men have been given suspended prison sentences after a large amount of tyre waste was found at a site in County Londonderry.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by nine wickets in the first Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the two-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the central Philippines, killing at least two people.
Ireland all-rounder David Rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket.
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid at the end of February 2016, the Spanish champions were in the midst of their worst start to a La Liga season.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced a series of changes to the county cricket schedule.
Work to repair a Grade II-listed cross which was knocked down by a car is expected to cost £5,000, a town trustee has said.
The French territory of Reunion is located in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Mauritius.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia in areas where it does not see eye to eye with Moscow.
England's Justin Rose shot a five-under-par 66 to share the lead with American Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to take charge of Championship side Rotherham United.
When Othman was uprooted from his home in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2014, he said he could not imagine what life would be like under the threat of the collapse of the Mosul Dam.
Former West Ham manager Sir Alex Gold has been caught up in a Twitter hoax.
More than 100 Christmas trimmings have been stolen from a Powys butcher's shop during the Christmas rush.
Victoria Azarenka has won her first competitive match since giving birth to her first child.
Leeds Rhinos say the cost of flooding at their training ground is estimated to be £1m.
Six teenagers have died in a suspected carbon monoxide poisoning incident at a hut in northern Germany, police say.
Corruption is a driving force behind the rise of so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says it is "exciting" to see the race between Mercedes and Ferrari close.
Scientists have discovered evidence that Jupiter's gas giants are heating up in the upper reaches of its atmosphere.
Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership by the Rugby Football League.
Leicester Riders are looking to continue their winning start to the Women's British Basketball League season.
Kilmarnock moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest percentage of obese adults in Europe, according to a new report.
Two teenagers have been shot dead after their car crashed into barriers during the Tour de France, French police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by the Black Friday promotions, official figures have shown.
A filly has been disqualified from the At The Races after being found to be the wrong horse.
The UK's future relationship with the European Union could depend on public opinion, former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said.
At least eight people have died in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has vowed to prevent the mass murder of Jewish and Muslim prisoners at Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp in Alsace.
A student has been given a $12 (Â£8) bounty for spotting a "bug bounty" in Google's website-buying system.
A barrister has been commissioned to go through 10,000 police documents relating to the 1984 Battle of Orgreave, the Home Office has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to within a point of the Scottish Premiership play-off places after Jack Johnson's goal gave them victory over Motherwell.
Charles Feeney is one of the world's richest men.
A Conservative MP who left his wife to become an MP for Morley and Outwood has been reselected.
Employers in India's southern cities of Chennai and Bangalore have declared a three-day holiday ahead of the release of superstar Rajinikanth's film Kabali.
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has been found unconscious at a brothel in the US state of Nevada.
On the one hand, the EU is a big deal.
Bradley Wiggins has denied claims he was given permission to take banned performance-enhancing substances before major races.
More than 1,600 spiderlings have been reared at a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a conservation project.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has nominated two candidates for vice-presidents of Myanmar.
A 15-year-old girl from the US is trying to teach computers how to diagnose cancer.
Sudanese and South Sudanese forces are engaged in a fierce battle for control of the border town of Heglig, in the north-east of the country.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in a Cumbrian village have been given the go-ahead by the local council.
The number of European workers in the UK has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Peter Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the second time.
Police in Nigeria's Lagos state have filed a law suit against a man they say is the country's most wanted man.
Huddersfield striker David Paterson says Northern Ireland have only got themselves to blame for their 2-0 defeat by Azerbaijan in the Euro 2016 qualifier in Tel Aviv.
The chairman of the Stormont Finance Committee has said he is "disappointed" that the finance minister has refused to attend the inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland assets.
Thames Water has apologised after a burst water main caused flooding at a London railway station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdicating, the Imperial Palace has said.
A company planning to drill for gas in County Fermanagh has been denied permission to begin drilling.
The number of AMs in the Welsh cabinet should be increased to 40, according to the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
UK universities are considering expanding their European research centres in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Taking long naps at night could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to scientists in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have been knocked out of the European Championship play-off in Japan.
The remains of a teenager shot dead by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed.
Scottish author David Welsh is one of five authors shortlisted for the Saltire Book of the Year award, which will be announced later this month.
The derby is one of the most famous sporting events in the world.
House prices in the East of England rose by 5.2% in the year to the end of July, official figures show.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned that London's teaching hospitals are struggling to cope with rising staffing levels.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend, Karrueche, has announced that she is divorcing him.
The family of a black woman who died while in police custody in Texas has said she may have tried to kill herself.
Campaign 2016 is shaping up to be the year of the United Nations.
N-Dubz have been nominated for four awards at this year's Mobos, according to the band's producer Dappy.
Six people have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been named in the England squad for the second Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
Thirteen people have been bailed after masked anti-fascists attacked bald men at a counter-protest, police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are visiting the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan for the first time.
Glacial retreat in the French Alps has accelerated over the past 40 years, according to a new survey.
A property tycoon has been accused of being "racist" after he banned people from renting his properties because of the curry smell.
Bulgaria's transport minister has ordered an investigation after a train derailed and exploded near a village in the north-eastern Shumen province, killing at least one person.
A man has admitted stealing a woman's handbag after she fell to her death on a motorway.
Lewis Hamilton has won the world title for the first time in his career with victory at the United States Grand Prix.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorcyclist in Greece have said they are "mortified" after his sentence was suspended.
A puppet based on the 1960s TV show Thunderbirds is to be auctioned in memory of its creator, Peter Anderson.
Pupils in England will have to study new GCSEs from the autumn of 2015, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria's head coach by the National Football Federation (NFF).
The government is considering curbs on the rights of Romanian and Bulgarian migrants to live and work in the UK, the BBC understands.
A "depraved" man who encouraged a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for five years.
The number of patients being seen within four hours in accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in six months.
The government has launched an investigation into the placement of three children for adoption in Rotherham because they were members of UKIP.
Andy Murray has won a £100,000 bet on winning the ATP World Tour Finals in Aberdeen.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Mexican authorities have arrested the former governor of Tamaulipas, Daniel Yarrington, on corruption charges.
Colchester moved out of the relegation zone with a stoppage-time penalty to deny Chesterfield their first win of the season.
London Bridge is to close for three weeks for maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to join the judging panel for the next series of The Voice UK.
The Famous Five children's books are to be adapted for adults in a new series.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a street attack.
A seaside seaside town could be left in a "bubble" if it fails to boost its tourism, a council leader has warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a baby's body at a house in north London.
Microsoft has agreed to buy more than 900 patents and licences from AOL, the company has announced.
British and Irish Lions fly-half Tommy Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Ulster's Pro12 win over Leinster.
US President Donald Trump has said he did not make "tapes" of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a clear agenda for government, the party's leader has said.
Craig Levein says he has high hopes for new head coach Ian Cathro despite Hearts' poor start to the season.
Residents of the Rhondda Cynon Taff and Merthyr valleys are being urged to get involved in tackling mountain fires.
The US city of Chicago has announced it will bid to become the next home of former US President Barack Obama.
Toyota has cut its profit forecast for the current financial year as it continues to struggle with slowing sales in the US.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport has been told it will be cancelled if it is "made for a bet or frivolous purpose".
A man and his sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Kirsty Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith both qualified for Sunday's final at the Ulster Indoor Athletics Championships in Santry.
Hibernian and Inverness Caledonian Thistle will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
The death of Bilawal Bhutto's infant daughter, Bisma, has sparked outrage in Pakistan.
The families of five people who died when a wall collapsed on them at a scrap metal plant have said they have not received any answers about why they died.
Shrewsbury Town moved up to second place in the Scottish League Two table thanks to a comfortable win over Montrose.
Coventry has taken more Syrian refugees than any other area in England and Scotland, the city council has said.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison for attempting to blow up a US Airways flight from Amsterdam to Detroit in 2011.
The travel firm whose holiday business was hit by a bomb attack in Tunisia last month has said it is "deeply shocked" by the loss of life.
Police have issued a warning after a bomb was found in the Scottish Borders.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments on whether non-profit groups with religious ties can refuse to provide birth control in health plans.
A solar-powered plane attempting to circumnavigate the globe using the Sun has been forced to abandon its attempt in Japan.
Celtic have made a 13-year-old striker their youngest-ever player for the first time.
Worcester City head coach Colin Gordon should be part of a team managing the club, says director of football Steve Brown.
A furry podcast has been broadcast on a number of radio stations in the US after its equipment was hacked.
Manchester City missed the chance to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Swansea City.
England's Tom Watson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the China Masters, which was suspended after a rain-affected first round.
Derek Doughty scored a late winner as Swindon Town beat Millwall to extend their unbeaten run to five games under new manager Gary Williams.
Theresa May has been criticised by Labour for "let austerity damage her ability to keep us safe".
Former taoiseach (prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 87.
A human chain has been held at Coventry Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two.
The song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely) has been described as one of the greatest songs of all time by the singer-songwriter Richard Sarstedt.
Former children's laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a TV adaptation of her best-selling novel Callum and Sephy.
Six men have been charged with a string of sex offences against children in South Yorkshire.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
Oil giant BP has withdrawn non-essential staff from Libya for the time being in a "phase reduction of numbers", the Foreign Office has said.
It was supposed to be a speech about the government's plans to force all primary schools to become academies.
Twenty-one patients have been evacuated from Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after smoke was reported coming from a pan washer.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of former ITV bodyguard David Hayden.
The mother of a teenager who died after being subjected to "cruel and overwhelming" taunts on social media has launched a school support scheme.
A teenage star of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filthy" humour.
The UK is to be able to import hydro-power from Norway for the first time, the government has announced.
A man who helped the victims of the Manchester Arena attack has praised the people who have come together to help.
A lion that escaped from South Africa's Karoo National Park on Tuesday has been put down, the park authorities say.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland was a mixed bag.
Conor Sandro scored a late winner as Ipswich Town came from behind to beat QPR.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says it is "very worried" about the scale of the Ebola outbreak in Liberia.
A number of petrol bombs have been found in a street in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched a new Earth-observation platform.
Scotland's fishing industry has said the UK's decision to leave the European Union is a "complete no-brainer".
A private ambulance has been involved in a crash involving a bus and a car in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Spanish giants.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says his side's relegation from the Scottish Premiership is the biggest game of his career.
A man has described the "devastating" flash flooding that caused his cars to be damaged in Fife.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "significant improvements" to its services if it is to survive, according to a report.
A man who raped a woman more than 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
One of China's most famous intellectuals has died in Beijing, aged 106.
Stevenage have signed former Barnet striker Ryan Hyde on a free transfer.
Chichester Festival Theatre has been nominated for two prizes at this year's Olivier Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of returning to Norwich City under new manager Christian Farke.
Stem cells could be used to restore hearing in people with hearing loss, say researchers.
Plans for a multi-million pound development in Oxford have been submitted to the city council.
Tunisians go to the polls on 26 October to elect a new National Assembly, the first since the overthrow of President Ben Ali in 2011.
The estate of Johnny Cash, who died in 2003, is to release a collection of previously unreleased recordings, it has been announced.
Children who have had bad childhood experiences are five times more likely to develop ill health later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic kit man is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing a boy.
Scotland's 10,000m runner has been named in Great Britain's athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale have parted company with manager Pedro Ribeiro after just one game in charge of the club.
More than half of secondary schools in England have closed or attempted to close their libraries, a teachers' union has said.
Mae adeilad gwasanaeth mewn ysbytai wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl sydd wedi marw i'r ffigwr godi eto.
Bournemouth have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players' home addresses were accurate.
The 150th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess has been marked with a festival and a mass.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to computer pioneer Alan Turing, 59 years after his death.
US President Barack Obama has visited the house that was once home to Bob Marley, during a visit to Jamaica.
Saturday's League One match between Oldham Athletic and Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is looking forward to meeting former Masters champion David Lyle for the first time.
Middlesex batsman Liam Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
The White House has said it is "going bananas" after a US appeals court blocked President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown.
The UK will "deliberately bypass" Christian refugees by sending them directly to refugee camps in Syria, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in India say they have found the remains of seven aborted female foetuses in a plastic bag.
Wales moved up to second in the Women's Six Nations with a comfortable victory over the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to kill patients at a hospital has been jailed.
A former member of The Smiths has spoken of his "disaffection and distrust" with the band's former frontman Morrissey.
Mark McGhee has confirmed he is returning to Motherwell as the club's assistant manager.
More needs to be done to protect key shipping chokepoints in the global food supply, a report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have been disrupted after a power cut.
A blood test could help detect early signs of ovarian cancer, say US researchers.
England's record-breaking start to the Six Nations is not just about the way they finish games.
At least two people have been killed in a gas explosion in New York City, officials say.
Hewlett-Packard has unveiled a new Android-powered smartphone.
The annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been described as an important milestone in the fight against the spread of antibiotic resistance.
A man has died after being stabbed in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at a primary school in Edinburgh.
Stan Wawrinka was knocked out of the Miami Open in the quarter-finals by American Kyle Edmund.
St Johnstone have signed striker Ryan MacLean on a one-year contract.
Twenty years ago this month, Dolly the sheep was born.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet a paedophile online vigilante group has been jailed for three years.
Kurdish fighters have clashed with Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Kobane, reports say.
Work on a new footbridge over the River Adur in West Sussex has been delayed until next year.
A World War Two veteran who said he was "a changed man completely" when he arrived at the Auschwitz death camp is celebrating his 100th birthday.
A human skull has been found in the ground at a house in County Donegal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Manchester City in a pre-season friendly in China.
Energy firm Aggreko has said it expects full year profits to be lower than last year.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute the man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills massacre.
A police appeal has been made to a man who posed as a clown to scare children at schools in County Antrim.
As the Turkish ambassador to Russia was shot dead in the early hours of Sunday morning, a group of people gathered around the Turkish embassy in Moscow.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was badly damaged in a fire in January.
In the wake of the EU referendum result, I asked people in Wales what they thought about the future of the Welsh Government.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwylio Adar yr Ardd yn y gaeaf, yn ôl ymgyrch yn dreulio awr bore Sadwrn neu fore Sul i weld yn eich gerddi.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston beat Norwich.
Police have appealed for information after two cows were killed by fly-tippers in Conwy county.
Two of the three schools rated inadequate by the education watchdog as part of a hardline Muslim takeover are to lose their funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool goalkeeper Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient in the head has been banned from the profession.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bradford.
Spencer Williams has won the cow bell trophy in the final of The Jump.
Fox is to make a TV series based on the hit film Lethal Weapon, according to reports.
Mitchell Faulkner took four wickets as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
The government has backed a motion to ban four proscribed jihadist groups from entering the UK.
Estonia, one of the Baltic states, is a member of the European Union.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to give their views on plans for a new school in the town.
Cardiff City have confirmed that manager Russell Slade will leave the club at the end of the season.
Former South Yorkshire Police helicopter crew member Paul Pogmore has been cleared of misconduct.
An inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio has been sent to the Law Society of Northern Ireland.
The body of Spanish police officer Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed by London Bridge attackers on Saturday night, is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday.
England's Paul Casey carded a final round of nine-under-par 66 to drop out of contention at the Open Championship in Florida.
Filmmaker Sarah Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a new visitor centre on the Humber Bridge have been unveiled by the authority responsible for the bridge.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Torquay.
Labour is to allow grandparents to share in the 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave given to their children.
Australian rower Sarah Tait has died at the age of 31 after a short illness.
Plans to perform William Shakespeare's Richard III in Leicester Cathedral have been branded a "deliberate humiliation" by a group of anti-King Richard III campaigners.
A new head of public services in Wales has been appointed.
A Belfast-based aerospace firm has announced it is going into liquidation.
New Zealand thrashed France to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time in their history.
The Peruvian space agency has launched its first satellite, PerúSAT-1, into space.
Turkey's foreign minister has said it is "very right and very timely" to hold a meeting with Nato to discuss the situation in Syria.
West Ham United must reveal details of a deal to rent the Olympic Stadium, the government has said.
Jockey Alistair Payne has been suspended from racing for two weeks after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Champions League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests have an economic value of US $2.9 billion.
Derek McInnes admitted Aberdeen "run out of legs" after their Scottish Cup final defeat by Aberdeen.
More than 724 employers in London have signed up to the voluntary living wage, the mayor's office has announced.
Pamela Geller has been described by critics as a "bigoted blogger" who opposes abortion and same-sex marriage.
Former McLaren driver Christian Wurz has been appointed as the new boss of Manor Marussia.
The richest 20% of the population in Latin America earn more than the poorest 20%, according to a new report.
South Korea's An So-yeon won the PGA Championship for the first time in his career with a three-shot victory at the Wyndham Championship.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League as they were held to a draw by Fola Esch in the first leg of their qualifying round.
Conor McGregor has pulled out of the Ultimate Fighting Championship's (UFC) 200 event in Las Vegas.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to retire from the race.
A door painted with the portrait of a former Whitbread owner is to be restored in Cheltenham.
Boris Johnson has been the subject of a lot of sniping and criticism since he became foreign secretary.
President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general to be the next director of the FBI.
A pair of Victorian beach huts in Devon are to be given £500,000 to help preserve them.
Russia says it has destroyed 16 memory chips from a Russian jet that was shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop has set the pace in the first practice session of the Isle of Man Grand Prix.
The president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC) in Australia has said that she rejected an offer of a job with the government.
A Dundee hospital is to become the first in the UK to share information about twin transfusion syndrome.
Olympic gold medallist Katie King says she is hopeful of making Great Britain's team for the Rio Olympics.
In the wake of the murder of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch, many are questioning her motives.
The Institute for National Remembrance (INR) says it has created a database of the Nazi death camps at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Olympic judo silver medallist and former world champion Michael O'Groats has come out of retirement to become a mixed martial arts champion.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to "fight every match" after their 2-1 defeat by Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Sheffield.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a woman who went missing from Swindon nightclub Suju.
The health minister has announced an extra £1m in funding to help tackle the number of children with autism in Northern Ireland.
A World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru have said they are "confident" a deal can be struck with the party next week.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has said the country is facing the worst threat since the end of the Cold War.
A new species of shrimp has been named after Pink Floyd.
Scientists have developed a glue that sticks to a wet surface and can be used as a medical adhesive.
NHS 111 services in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire are suffering from a "severe workforce crisis", a leaked report has said.
Two British girls who were rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of Indonesia have been reunited with their families.
A crowdfunding website has been set up to try to buy a derelict building in Denbighshire.
When McLaren were asked what they would like to achieve in 2015, the team's co-convener, Ron Dennis, said: "We want to win the world championship."
Thieves have stolen £20,000 from a Cadets base in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration, it has been announced.
The crew of a passenger boat that was involved in a collision with a tug was unaware of the number of passengers onboard, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Antrim have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a woman in a Swansea dock has been remanded in custody.
Ricky Malick's film adaptation of Francis Ford Coppola's novel Die schÃ¶nen Tage von Aranjuez will compete for a Golden Lion at this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has won the presidential election, with opposition candidate Daniel Besigye claiming victory.
Tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a car crash.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the World Cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by South Africa at St James' Park.
The European Commission has said that Spain's banks will need 59.3bn euros (Â£57bn) of additional funding to help them recover from the financial crisis.
"I'm not a tri-citizen," says Johanna Konta.
Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in London and Sheffield due to a dispute over money.
A Spanish man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of jewellery dealer Clive Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in east London.
In the wake of the attack on a mosque in London by a white man, there has been a lot of reaction on social media to the attack.
A witness at the Hillsborough inquests has told how he was pushed towards the goal in the crush at Hillsborough.
A look back at some of the best entertainment stories of the past year.
Leyton Orient midfielder Danny Cox says he will have to sit out for four months before he can return to the League One club.
Chelsea defender David Luiz will leave the club at the end of the season to join Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
The collapse of Kids Company was caused by a "media frenzy and biased reporting", a report has found.
The family of a British man who went missing in Monaco have said they are "devastated" by the discovery of his body in Monaco.
Nico Rosberg says he is determined to extend Lewis Hamilton's lead at the top of the Formula 1 championship by winning the Spanish Grand Prix.
The father of a teenager who went missing in Alabama more than a decade ago has been charged with child abduction, US media report.
The future of Wales' forests could be secured by the sale of private land to the private sector, the environment minister has said.
Public Service Broadcasting (PSB) budgets have fallen by more than a third since 2008, according to a report by Ofcom.
The Crown Office's Lord Advocate Mark Matheson has said he will not comment on the ongoing investigation into the death of James Bayoh.
The Olympic Torch Relay will take place in Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and Lincolnshire over the next three weeks.
The founder of Wikileaks has said that he will publish further details of the CIA's hacking operations.
Ulsan is one of the world's biggest shipyards.
A woman died from carbon monoxide poisoning after a house fire in Carmarthenshire, an inquest has heard.
British Cycling's chief executive has told Newsround how to get involved in cycling.
The UK's drug-testing system is designed to assess the safety and efficacy of new medicines before they are given to people.
Thousands of soldiers in the UK's armed forces are to lose their jobs as part of further cuts to the force.
A project which aims to raise awareness of the benefits of having a learning disability has been launched in the UK.
Nani scored the only goal of the game as the United States came from behind to beat Portugal and reach the last 16 of the World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying within the organisation.
Scientists in the US say they have made the first stem cells capable of producing toxins that kill brain tumours.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving in Leeds.
A pogo player has broken the world record for the longest time on a pogo stick.
Plans for a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Police investigating the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire have said they have "exhausted all lines of inquiry".
Kirsty Mead is targeting a first senior England call-up.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender rights activist.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A cat has died in a suspected poisoning in Gwynedd, the RSPCA has said.
Leyton Orient's Christian Afobe has been named in the DR Congo squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel on polling day to allow viewers to vote in the general election.
The West End premiere of Pride, a film about the miners' strike in the 1980s, has been described as "in the making ever since".
At least 17 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build more than 1,000 luxury hotels and resorts in the Red Sea, as part of a multi-billion dollar tourism project.
A Citroën car dealership has been temporarily closed after a fire broke out.
Bristol Rovers secured their first win of the season as they beat Fleetwood Town in the National League.
All children in Northern Ireland should be taught in a fully integrated education system, a UN committee has said.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by careless driving.
The original sleeve of The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been put at the top of a list of the world's most valuable albums.
Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A shallow earthquake has struck north-eastern Italy, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
The number of hotels in Northern Ireland is set to rise by more than a billion pounds over the next five years, according to the industry's trade body.
Two people have been charged over the death of a three-year-old boy whose body was found in a lagoon.
Disney has long been a big fan of story-telling technology.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Manchester City striker Yaya Toure on a season-long loan deal.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has fetched more than £100,000 at an auction in Germany.
A coalition of West Ham United supporters has said it is "not dead in the water" after the government rejected a request for a public inquiry into the club's rental deal.
The first minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury to discuss the situation in Northern Ireland.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter praised his side's defensive performance in their World Cup warm-up defeat by France.
A man has described the "stunning" sight of a bottlenose dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will wipe out almost 82% of the workforce in the next five years unless they change their attitudes.
A 17th Century art gallery in Manchester has been destroyed in a fire.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Tyrone.
Ukraine's national energy company has said it has suffered a power cut in the capital Kiev that left more than 100,000 homes without electricity.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace.
Fox News has appointed Steve Abernethy and Bill Shine as its new chief executives, replacing Roger Ailes.
A court in the Indian capital, Delhi, has ordered the trial of an Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 to be held in Italy.
Tributes have been paid to boxing legend Muhammad Ali who has died at the age of 74.
The Metropolitan Police's "ghost squad" is investigating a number of high-profile cases, including a case of voyeurism and a police recruit being accused of publishing extreme pornography.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to give the go-ahead for a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
The former minister of the treasury has been elected to the St Peter Port North district of the Isle of Man.
Canada has become the first country in the world to resume importing beef from the EU, amid concerns over the spread of BSE.
Plans to close Brecon Barracks are "utterly abhorrent", an MP has said.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been under a social media ban for more than a year.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital after suffering a stroke.
A project aimed at getting black and ethnic minority women into work in Scotland has been awarded £1m by the Scottish government.
The authorities in Brazil's Amazon region of Amazonas say they have recaptured more than 200 inmates who escaped from two prisons on Saturday.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Shane Williams has left Ospreys to join a Japanese club.
(Close): Mining shares in Rio Tinto and Randgold were among the biggest fallers on Wall Street on Thursday.
A ticket from Monmouthshire has won a £24.7m Euromillions jackpot.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in China's Xinjiang region on suspicion of involvement in a car bomb attack in Urumqi, state media report.
The discovery of a three-year-old boy's body in a river in Aberdeenshire makes the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Comedians Maxine Peake, George Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in a new BBC One adaptation of Hamlet.
A girl on the autism spectrum has written a letter to the prime minister urging him to replace Big Ben's chimes.
A man's body has been found in woodland in Northamptonshire.
A report into the death of a prisoner in a prison in County Londonderry has found that there was no possibility of an alternative outcome for him.
Human remains have been found at a cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's highest court has rejected an appeal by a Pakistani-born woman against a ban on wearing a full-face Islamic veil in the country.
The number of cats living on a Japanese island has doubled in the past year.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in France.
The leader of the Labour Party is to announce plans to increase the allowance paid to carers.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a pedestrian was hit by his car.
European media have reacted strongly to the UK's vote to leave the European Union, with some calling for a radical overhaul of the EU.
Newport Gwent Dragons secured their first bonus-point win of the season as they beat Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French court has sentenced a woman to life in prison for murdering her two children.
Clermont Auvergne made it through to the European Champions Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Sale.
The Scottish secretary has said the Scottish government remains committed to the Named Person service.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have appealed for information.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app has said he is "taking this very seriously" after discovering a flaw in the app.
It is easy to forget that Scotland is a country of music.
A scheme to encourage people to give voluntarily to local businesses in Snowdonia has raised more than Â£3,000 in its first month.
US President-elect Donald Trump's former national security adviser has denied reports that she sought to cover up contacts with Russian officials during the election campaign.
Former MP Barnaby Joyce has been found guilty of head-butting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard hit centuries as West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to reach the final of the Women's World Cup.
Ivory Coast boss Gareth Southgate says he is hopeful Wilfried Zaha's decision to switch allegiance to England will be approved by Fifa.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to work with Kezia Dugdale despite her support for the SNP.
Mark McManus scored twice as Morton beat Alloa Athletic to move into the Scottish League Two play-off places.
The milk price in the UK is set to be lowered for the first time in more than a decade.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport chairman David Clapham has stepped down following criticism of his leadership of the League Two club.
At least two people have been killed in clashes between workers and managers at a Maruti Suzuki plant in the northern Indian state of Haryana.
Wales scrum-half Joe Owens says the Six Nations could be in the balance in the future if relegation is introduced.
A man has been arrested in connection with two armed robberies in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has played the flute at a concert hall in Germany as part of the Duke and Duchess' tour of the country.
Sierra Leone has imposed a curfew in the capital, Freetown, amid fears that more than 11,000 people may have been infected with Ebola.
Sweden's Lukasz Walz won Olympic gold in the men's 4x100m freestyle relay in Rio.
SSE has dropped plans for an upgraded power line between Culloden and Bennachie in Aberdeenshire.
A Labour MP has stepped down from her post as Parliamentary Private Secretary after posting a picture of Israel on Facebook.
A Polish man has been found guilty of plotting to bomb the parliament in the capital, Krakow, in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea's nuclear reactor is operating again.
A koala named Bear Grylls has survived a head-first collision with a car in Australia.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Sam Antonsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed former Falkirk defender Ryan Leahy on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced.
The German intelligence agency, the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), has accused a man of making Islamist statements on the Internet.
Elections in Hong Kong are being held on Sunday, four years after the Umbrella Movement took to the streets to demand democracy.
Manchester United moved to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Manchester City.
French comedian Charlie Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred against Jews, the justice ministry says.
The Home Office has apologised for a typographical error in a press release announcing a requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in Rabat, South Africa.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
The introduction of 15 Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU will leave "very little space" for non-Brexit related legislation, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) says.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure says he would dive if he saw Raheem Sterling's challenge for a goal in the 2-2 draw with Tottenham.
Labour's future in Wales could be at least as bad as under Michael Foot's leadership, according to former Lib Dem leader John Howells.
Sale Sharks winger Keshi Solomona is good enough for England, according to the club's director of rugby Les Monye.
A report into Police Scotland's national call-handling system has found "key risks and other issues", the force's chief constable has said.
Hairdresser Barnardo Howe has died at the age of 91.
A volcano in the Central American country of Costa Rica has erupted, spewing ash and steam into the air.
Exeter City boss Paul Tisdale has not ruled out a return to full-back duties next season.
A dog restaurant in London has become the first in the UK to allow dogs to eat in the restaurant.
More than £20m is to be invested in general practice over the next year, the Scottish government has announced.
Hilary Mantel's novel Someone Else's Skin has been named crime novel of the year at a crime writing festival.
The parents of a baby who died after being taken from a hospital in Buckinghamshire have said they were treated like "monsters".
An Australian woman who fled to Israel to face child sex abuse charges has been cleared of all charges.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after being rescued by a mountain rescue team in County Down.
Supermarket chains such as Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons are selling plus-size school uniforms for less than 5p each.
So what did the National Audit Office (NAO) learn about the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies?
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW PGA Championship in Munich.
The Cassini probe has made its final close-in approach to Saturn.
Hillary Clinton's speech to the Republican National Convention on Thursday was supposed to be an attack on Donald Trump.
Mattel, the maker of Barbie dolls, has said it is in talks with toy-maker Hasbro.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why octopuses are so popular in Tanzania.
Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire are to be considered by councillors in Northallerton on Friday.
Venezuela's military says it has arrested three suspected rebels who carried out an attack on a barracks in August.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
The coroner at the inquest into the deaths of six men who were shot dead by IRA gunmen has said he is "disappointed" that the inquiry has been delayed.
Children and young people in Birmingham are not getting the help and support they need quickly enough, the city council has said.
Five select committee chairmen have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target.
Lord Coe has been urged to take charge of athletics' world governing body, the IAAF, following a damning report.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues has been found a place of care in police custody, a senior officer has said.
Thai police have cancelled a Human Rights Watch (HRW) conference in Bangkok, citing security concerns.
An 18th Century mansion in the Vale of Glamorgan has been restored to its former glory.
Scientists have released the first 'close shave' of a large asteroid.
A New Mexico man has pleaded guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle, prosecutors say.
Jockey George Gwynne has been discharged from hospital after suffering a brain haemorrhage in a race at the Wellington Festival.
As the new assembly members prepare to be sworn in, BBC Wales takes a look at some of the new faces who have been sworn in.
It's been a strange week for North Korea.
A man who died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in South Yorkshire has been named.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a collapsed building in New York City after a cable fell from a crane.
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been fired after a teenager was shot dead by a fellow officer.
Teenage pop star Kylie Minogue has been awarded an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge eased to victory over Cheltenham in League Two.
The former head of Irish language television, Pádraig Ó Murchú, has died.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she hopes to secure access to Chinese markets for beef and chicken.
Engineers from the Government Communications Centre have stepped in to recreate a key part of Hitler's codebreaking machine at Bletchley Park.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could return to the club in the future if he is fit.
Turkey has detained the editor-in-chief of the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and several other journalists over their coverage of the failed coup, state media say.
England's Ryan Fitzpatrick shot a five-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been tied up and robbed at knifepoint at a house in west Belfast.
At least 30 people have been killed in New Zealand's earthquake and tsunami, the country's prime minister has said.
The world's first pure silicon wafer has been produced for the first time.
St Johnstone midfielder Jordan Stephens says he is confident his side can bounce back from their Christmas defeat.
A cat who has been stealing toys and toy food from neighbours has been reunited with his owners.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Super League leaders Castleford came from behind to beat Salford.
Plans for a major expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Wiltshire have been approved.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first goal for Portugal as they beat Cape Verde to reach the group stage of the Africa Cup of Nations.
The bill to give the government new powers to investigate terrorism offences is due to be debated in the House of Lords later.
In the middle of a vast expanse of desert, on the banks of the San Ysidro River, in the north-west of the United States, is a wall.
Glasgow Warriors moved to within three points of the Pro12 leaders with a convincing win over Leinster at Murrayfield.
Nepal has been gripped by a series of devastating floods since last year's earthquake.
A charity has called on internet providers to "up its game" after a report found that some of their broadband adverts were misleading.
Birmingham City reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Chelsea.
Scientists in the UK have developed a new treatment for pig infections that they say could be "completely transformative" for human health.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time with victory over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Britain's Andy Murray will face world number one Novak Djokovic in Sunday's French Open final at the French Open.
Dundee United striker John Goodwillie has signed for Plymouth Argyle for an undisclosed fee.
A 12-year-old girl from Northern Ireland has become the youngest ever chess master in the US.
American Katie Ledecky won Olympic gold in the women's 200m freestyle at Rio 2016.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who went missing last month.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he has a "moral opposition" to nuclear weapons as he continues to campaign in Scotland.
Sudan have been disqualified from qualifying for the second round of the Africa Cup of Nations because five of their players were not born in 1997.
Jean-Louis Akinde scored twice as Barnet eased to victory at Mansfield.
The creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield is based in the US.
Belfast International Airport's chief executive has urged Enda Kenny to make the island of Ireland the gateway to the Republic of Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life.
A new wave of left-wing mayors has swept across Spain, ushering in a new era of political leadership.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found unconscious in a controlled area of Leeds.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% in the three months to December 2014, according to official figures.
A police officer has been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was beaten to death by her killer.
A shortage of prison officers "may be only a matter of time" before a Spice-related death is confirmed, a report has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has called on political forces to "play politics" with the plight of the kidnapped schoolgirls.
A man accused of murdering his landlord with a hammer has told a court he was "angry" about his break-up.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll should be included in his squad for Euro 2016.
A Pembrokeshire town's swimming pool has been saved from closure.
Iraqi Kurdish forces have recaptured the town of Qaraqosh from Islamic State militants, officials say.
The partner of one of the victims of the Rotherham Power Station collapse has said there is still a chance he could still be alive.
A derelict shipyard in the South Atlantic is to be turned into a theatre.
Bob the Builder is to return to BBC One's children's show Fixham for a second series.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
Tributes have been paid to a man shot dead by police on a motorway in West Yorkshire.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell midfielder Ryan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore for the funerals of those killed in a series of sectarian attacks on churches.
Yorkshire beat Durham by nine wickets to win the County Championship.
Scientists have calculated how much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has denied claims it was threatened by a reporter working on a story about a minister's daughter's expenses.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Mark Morris says it was "very proud" to have three full houses for the T20 Blast in Cardiff.
Former world number one Mark Fordham says he would love to play at Lakeside again.
India's central bank has cut its key interest rate by 0.5 percentage point to 0.25%.
James McClean and Darren Randolph have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for a friendly against Mexico in June.
Islamic State (IS) militants have claimed they fired a missile at a naval vessel off the coast of Egypt's Sinai peninsula.
Sir Philip Green, the billionaire who owns BHS and Topshop, has been appointed as the government's chief procurement officer.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Toulon Tournament for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over Mexico.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott on a short-term deal until the end of the T20 Blast season.
Northern Ireland's Liam McComb has reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship in Russia after a comfortable victory over Russia's Vladimir Kuznetsov.
It is easy to forget that pharmacists are the third largest health profession in the UK.
At least nine children have been injured after a slide came loose at a carnival in Dorset.
A 70-year-old woman who tried to kill herself last year because she was too old to consent to dialysis treatment does not have the mental capacity to refuse treatment, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A British woman has been chosen to become the first female hedgehog officer in the UK.
Four British soldiers died when their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
More than 300 people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia's Oromia region, officials say.
Lancashire lost the Bill Beaumont Cup for the first time in their history as they were beaten by Cornwall at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" in front of the public has been jailed for life.
South Africa's government has said it will pull out of the International Criminal Court (ICC), after a legal battle with the opposition.
A cyclist died after being hit by a pothole in Newport, an inquest has heard.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as Newcastle United manager by Rafael Benitez.
Up to 10,000 jobs could be lost at HSBC in London if the UK votes to leave the European Union, sources have told the BBC.
Tributes have been paid to the decision by the High Court to allow abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
A man has been killed by an elephant in the eastern German state of Heidelberg, police say.
Russia's justice ministry has designated a rights group as a foreign agent and banned it from conducting any work linked to the election campaign.
A second referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union could be won, Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said.
In the early hours of Friday morning, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of the Spanish city of Barcelona.
Singer Mabel has topped the BBC's Sound Of 2016 list for the first time.
A man has been arrested after a chameleon was found in a suitcase at Heathrow Airport.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man they believe was behind the lorry attack on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 22 people.
A church curate has apologised after telling children he was not real and asked them what they thought was the meaning of Christmas.
A man has died in a house fire in Kilmacormick, County Antrim.
Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her role in the film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police community support officers (PCSOs) have been jailed for using the force's computer system to give false information to a charity.
A five-year-old boy from North Lanarkshire has called Celtic to apologise for missing the club's home game.
Celtic beat Rangers on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final for the first time in their history.
The M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads, according to a new study.
Pro-Russia activists have taken over government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a TV adaptation of Shakespeare's A Life Backwards.
Belgium's King Albert II has been criticised for his Christmas message to political leaders, in which he warned of the dangers of populism.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in England's squad for the three-match one-day series against the North in Dubai in March.
The organisers of the Fleadh festival in Londonderry have said they will bid again to host the event in 2017.
A County Londonderry woodland is being planted in tribute to those who died in World War One.
A "University of Nottingham" sign has been spotted on a busy railway line in Nottingham.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is investigating the case of Ethiopian runner Feyisa, who has been protesting against the government at the Rio Games.
The Department of Transport (DRD) ordered a crash barrier to be removed at the spot where teenager Enda Dolan was knocked down by a van, documents obtained by the BBC show.
At least 11 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in Kunming, China's state-run Xinhua news agency says.
Energy firm EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, this time for its dual-fuel customers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why people are so desperate to get the word out about the EU referendum campaign.
Mae fydd wedi i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdyddyn.
A custody sergeant who killed a man in a custody centre did not use excessive force, a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in the price of oil.
Police are appealing for witnesses after eight puppies were stolen from a house in East Lothian.
Northern Ireland's fire service has said it is investigating reports of "hate crime" on bonfires.
Celta Vigo have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Juan Cuadrado on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agency fees should be banned in Wales, an AM has said, amid calls for a ban on the practice.
"There is no credible allegation of historical child abuse in England and Wales."
Plans for a new spaceport in Kintyre are to be unveiled later.
George is one of the UK's most famous gardeners.
The Liberal Democrats have won North East Fife from the SNP.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why we are changing what we buy.
A County Antrim knitwear firm has said it has seen a "surge" in orders for its private label knitwear range.
French authorities have released a copy of a cave art discovered in 1994 that is the oldest in the world.
England Women have called up Manchester City goalkeeper Katie Chapman for their Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
A former ambulance worker has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Tyson Fury retained his British and Commonwealth light-welterweight titles with a unanimous points victory over Dereck Chisora in London.
Hull KR director of rugby Steve Peacock says Albert Kelly's future is "up in the air".
The death of a Tory activist is being investigated by the party, the party has said.
Chinese internet giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
The financial results of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
Brentford defender Tom Jones has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
It's not about Nicki Minaj and Madonna.
Canada Post says it will cut the cost of postage stamps by more than 50% as it tries to save billions of dollars.
US President Barack Obama has called for "visible prosecutions" to tackle corruption in Kenya, as he arrived in the country for a two-day visit.
This summer, thousands of sheep have been killed by wolves in the French Alps.
James Corden is to host three episodes of The Late Late Show in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the EU referendum and the migrant crisis.
Barclays has sacked its chief executive Antony Jenkins after falling out with the board over the size of the bank.
Eight celebrities have been identified by a US court as being victims of a data breach at their Los Angeles home last summer.
A drug dealer has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Jordan's education minister has warned that the world will pay a "high price" if it does not do more to support the influx of Syrian refugees.
Millionaire Vijay Mallya, the former owner of India's biggest spirits firm Diageo, has been put up for sale.
The University of Bristol is to carry out a study to see if e-cigarettes are a safer alternative to traditional cigarettes.
A Gloucestershire school placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close at the end of December.
The Duke of Cambridge has signed up to help raise awareness of mental health issues on the BBC.
A woman has been rescued from a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school head teacher has been jailed for seven years for a string of sex offences against pupils.
The deaths of two whales off the Suffolk coast are a series of coincidental events, experts have said.
A man who admitted killing his ex-girlfriend has had his jail term increased.
Captain Virat Kohli scored a century as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the World Cup for the first time.
Jonathan Demme has been nominated for five Oscars for his work with Talking Heads.
Aaron Cook will not be able to compete at the 2012 Olympics after the British Olympic Association (BOA) rejected his bid of Lutalo Muhammad.
A reinvestigation into the death of a man who was burned to death in north London has been closed by the Metropolitan Police.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his partner in a row over an ice cream.
A 15-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has approved plans to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital.
Leeds Rhinos secured their place in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a hard-fought victory at St Helens.
Kenya's president has said the judiciary will not be used to interfere with the functioning of the executive and other arms of government.
A major storm has hit the eastern city of Londonderry.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent him a friendly text saying "hi, how are you?".
Castleford Tigers clinched their first Super League title with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield Trinity.
British comedian Brand has been accused of hypocrisy by the Sun newspaper.
Paul Murray was a 17-year-old boy from Stoke-on-Trent when he was killed in a car crash in 1989.
The number of people killed in a bomb attack on a Norwegian youth camp in the centre of Oslo has risen to 10, officials say.
A man has denied murdering a woman whose remains were found in the Republic of Ireland more than five years ago.
Bromley came from behind to snatch a 2-1 win at North Ferriby.
Glamorgan have appointed former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to strong winds.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 0.5% in the fourth quarter of the year, its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in 2008.
Teenagers are better at remembering the details of their experiences than adults, a study suggests.
A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist in a remote part of the US state of Montana, officials say.
Anti-social behaviour on the Night Tube is set to rise as a result of a crackdown by the Metropolitan Police, according to a report.
A former NHS nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years.
Ireland have qualified for the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 in South Africa.
Plans to build holiday lodges on the site of Warwick Castle have been put on hold pending a public inquiry.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman has been accused of being "over the top" by Republic of Ireland captain Michael Keane.
A man and a woman have gone on trial accused of murdering their ex-partner.
German airline Lufthansa has announced plans to charge customers for using its own travel price comparison sites.
Carrick Rangers have been cleared of breaching the Irish Football Association's disciplinary rules.
Scientists have discovered a way to predict how long a bird will live.
The Mexican government has increased the prison sentence for kidnappers who kill their victims, as part of a crackdown on violent crime.
An anaesthetist at the centre of the death of a mother who suffered a haemorrhage after having a nerve stimulator removed too soon, an inquest has heard.
A court in Nigeria's north-eastern city of Bauchi has sentenced four Muslim men to death for homosexual offences.
Russia's anti-doping chief Volodymyr Mutko has announced his retirement from international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto a controversial religious freedom law.
Shaky Stevens has been voted Wales' greatest musical of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Former Fifa president Sepp Blatter has dismissed claims that Russia and Qatar were bribed to win the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
A man who was extradited to the UK after being convicted of a string of murders has been told he will not get a fair trial.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision not to wear poppies on their armbands on Armistice Day.
A collection of World War Two diving helmets has sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries, police have said.
Championship side Bristol City have signed Preston North End striker Ryan Brownhill on a season-long loan deal.
NHS bosses in North Yorkshire and Humber have warned that some GP practices may be "allowed to fail".
Former Liverpool and Huddersfield manager Bill Shankly has been described as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
Human trafficking is a serious and organised crime.
The Underground Tunnels have opened to the public for the first time since World War Two.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has said he wants to "win something" for the club.
Efe Aluko has accused England manager Mark Sampson of bullying and harassment, the Football Association has confirmed.
The number of self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales has reached its highest level in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to announce his squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
Two people have been arrested after a gun was fired in Cardiff city centre.
Northampton flanker Tom Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if he is to help England captain Gordon Brown return for the Six Nations.
World number one Ding Junhui stormed into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6-1 victory over John Duffy.
A free breakfast scheme for schoolchildren in Blackpool has been recommended for extension.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country is to retire at the end of the year.
National League side Moors have signed Rushall on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Denbighshire forest is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
In the early hours of New Year's Day I was walking along the streets of my township in Orkney in the north west of Scotland.
The Hong Kong government has unveiled a plan to allow passengers to cross the border between Hong Kong and China.
Australia is to send 30 more troops to Afghanistan to help train Afghan security forces.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Unqualified teachers are being used in England's state schools, the National Association of Head Teachers has said.
Royal Mail is considering industrial action over proposed changes to its pension scheme, the Communications Workers Union (CWU) has said.
Jersey Tigers centre Ben Stevens says the club are on the right road for doing well in the Championship.
The first unmanned aircraft to be flown from an aircraft carrier has taken to the skies.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of smartphones and tablets, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Two people have been rescued from a fire in a lounge in Birmingham.
China has executed four Uighur men convicted of terrorism offences in Xinjiang, state media report.
A council-run community centre has reopened to the public for the first time since it was taken over by a community group.
A three-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
When it comes to compensating for mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI), it can be a bit of a "lottery".
Have you ever wondered what happens when you pee?
Facebook has released a map of the world's population, which it says is more detailed than previously thought.
Warrington Wolves moved into the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a comfortable win over Widnes Vikings.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a naked rider.
Kai, a 10-year-old boy from South Sudan, has been living in a refugee camp for more than a year.
A police car has been damaged in a brick attack in Londonderry.
Emma Stone has said there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive these rights.
Network Rail has been told it needs to improve its reliability or face a £122m overspend over the next five years.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a 1-0 win over Morocco.
Three West Midlands police officers have been cleared of misconduct over comments they made about MP Keith Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Birmingham may have been stabbed to death, police have said.
A group of beards enthusiasts from around the world are taking part in a contest to find the UK's oldest club for the world's best moustache.
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals suspected of illegally mining copper in the north-eastern province of Chingola.
Kilcoo have been suspended by the Ulster GAA following an allegation of racial abuse.
Nick Kyrgios "doesn't understand what it takes" to win a Grand Slam, says former world number one John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Mexico will not pay for his border wall, after talks with President Enrique Pena Nieto.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man has died after being hit by a car in a "targeted attack" in Rhyl, police have said.
Huddersfield Giants have signed former Leeds Rhinos players Tom Bailey, Ben Cox and Chris Dodds.
Police have launched an investigation after a car mounted a pavement and hit a building in Glasgow city centre.
Coventry City have signed Sunderland striker Giaccherini on a season-long loan deal.
Archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the remains of a medieval castle.
The former editor of the Sun, John MacKenzie, has apologised for describing Liverpool's football team as a "missing link between man and beast".
Torquay United have agreed a deal to buy the National League club from property developer GI Group.
Police in England and Wales are failing to provide appropriate adults to the most vulnerable people in custody, a report has found.
Here is a full list of players who have made their debut for the 2017 British and Irish Lions.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored as Manchester United came from behind to beat Leicester City at Old Trafford.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence, the Daily Telegraph has reported.
The UK will continue to enjoy the same rights as EU citizens after Brexit, the prime minister has said.
A member of the Barcelona cell of the so-called Islamic State group has told a Spanish court that the group's plans for a series of attacks were scaled back after a house explosion on Thursday.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow in Wrexham has told a court he was "frightened" by the attack.
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Rory McIlroy says he is "definitely fine" to play at the US PGA Championship despite missing the rest of the season with a stress fracture.
David Lammy has said he is considering a bid to become Labour's next leader.
The chief executive of an NHS charity has admitted defrauding her husband out of more than £11,000 through a newsletter.
Google has launched a new tracking service that allows it to track the amount of time a user has spent in the US.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a woman was sexually assaulted in a car in Edinburgh.
The population of the UK increased by 491,100 in 2013, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away from home for the first time in five years in the FA Cup.
Value for money for the taxpayer has not been secured on the Garden Bridge project, a parliamentary review has found.
A major road in Buckinghamshire has been closed for several hours after a burst water main.
The News Letter's front page is dedicated to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The husband of a dentist who took her own life has said the last few days have been the worst of his life.
A police officer has been charged with the murder of a teenager in the US state of Texas, prosecutors say.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about terrorism during a speech to a university in Bangladesh has sparked a backlash on social media.
Simon Pitcher is hoping to break the world record for the fastest solo rowing across the Atlantic.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal came from behind to draw 1-1 with Sweden in the first leg of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Five British men arrested in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The Afghan government says it has lost control of Sangin district in Helmand province to the Taliban.
Football saved the lives of hundreds of British prisoners of war during World War Two, according to a former POW.
It's that time of year again when Glastonbury fans head to the festival's Pyramid Stage.
More than 150 people have been rescued from a fire at a hotel in north London.
Ghana and Ivory Coast have been told to halt oil exploration in the disputed West African Sea.
More than 100 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while on the road last year, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans' rape trial has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Full-back Stuart Hogg's exit from the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand was a huge blow.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that beavers have been found in the Highlands.
Two men have been found on the roof of a prison cell in Bridgend.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the club after only eight games in charge.
A former chief executive of a company that helps young people with mental health problems was bullied, the BBC has learned.
A council has announced plans to install more than 1,000 solar panels on homes in Kirklees.
Andy Murray says the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) needs to do more to encourage the next generation of British tennis players.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" for the club's players this season, according to assistant manager Keith Richards.
British long jumper Greg Rutherford has apologised to his parents after failing to qualify for the final round of the World Championships in London.
The Hillsborough disaster "reverss in the starkest way possible" the verdict of accidental death, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
An RSPCA investigation has been launched after a pony was found dead in a remote part of Hampshire.
Children who have made it into Europe unaccompanied will be eligible for resettlement in the UK, the government has announced.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said the BBC is biased against beards.
Dance group The Who have topped the UK album chart with their second album, Alternative Light Source.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of reforms to the country's social and political system.
The six remaining hosts of the Women's Cricket Super League have been announced.
The number of students enrolled at further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than a third in the past three years.
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors of two boats that capsized off the Libyan coast on Thursday.
A ceasefire in Syria has been in place for more than a month.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised ex-footballer Andy Woodward for his bravery after he revealed he was sexually abused as a child.
Plans for major redevelopment of Dundee's waterfront have been given the go-ahead.
Former Ulster captain Michael Clarke has been appointed as the new head coach of the Pro12 side.
Leeds Rhinos hooker George Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Bubba Watson will captain the United States in the Ryder Cup after being selected by Davis Love III as vice-captain.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "pray and hope" Mercedes do not impose team orders on his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg following their collision.
DNA samples from 10 soldiers believed to have died in World War One have been identified by a genealogist.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored their first goals for Ukraine as they beat Slovenia to reach the Euro 2016 play-offs.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they lost 26-17 to Exeter, says head coach Jonathan Rees.
A major stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has reopened.
Match of the Day kicks off today and we want to know what you know about the rules of the game.
Serena Williams has said she does not deserve to be paid less because of her sex.
Too many young people are "on the brink" of serious mental illness and are thinking about taking their own lives, warns a report.
An Israeli man suspected of carrying out a series of attacks in Tel Aviv last month has been shot dead, police say.
A man who stabbed another man to death in a row over noise has been jailed for six years.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her ex-boyfriend has been released on bail after posting a record amount of money.
The number of nursery staff in England who have failed a GCSE course has fallen, campaigners have warned.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the US economy is "near the statutory goals of maximum employment and price stability".
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power reported a loss for the final three months of 2016.
When I first met Sophia, I had no idea what she was up to.
A young black woman from Swansea has won the first Black History Month award.
A 16-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Joe Root has been named as England's new captain, replacing Alastair Cook.
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting in Manchester to demand an inquiry into a police training exercise.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has signed a new contract with a theatre in Peckham.
Dundee maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a comfortable win over Ross County.
MPs have been heckled over the government's plans to offer older women in England apprenticeships.
A Ceredigion university is set to receive £1m of lottery funding to help pay for the building's restoration.
Institute Football Club's home ground in Drumahoe, County Londonderry, has been damaged by flooding on Tuesday night.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter David Fletcher as their new chief executive.
Germany has tightened its border controls to try to cope with the influx of refugees.
The impact of climate change on the Indian monsoon is being investigated by scientists.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike in the capital, Nairobi, in a dispute over pay and conditions.
The bodies of three US marines have been recovered from the sea off the coast of Australia, the US military has said.
An escaped corn snake has been rescued from a park in Londonderry by the SSPCA.
The Royal Navy is to begin cutting steel for the first of eight Type 26 frigates to be built on the Clyde, the defence secretary has said.
Afghan security forces have killed four people in an attack on a hospital in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
The Prince of Wales has led a Royal goat parade in Conwy county.
More than 100 Indian nurses who were kidnapped by Islamic State militants in Iraq have been released, the BBC has learned.
Craig Anderson says he is "not bothered" by claims that Rangers midfielder Kiernan punched him in the ribs during their Scottish Cup tie.
Huddersfield Town's promotion to League Two is the "beginning of a resurgence", says manager Danny Sweet.
Livingston came from behind to draw with Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a man found in a quarry more than 40 years ago has been unveiled.
Chipotle Mexican Grill may have been the source of an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials have said.
The mother of a teenage girl who was filmed being sexually assaulted on Facebook has said she fears for her life.
When Tsai Ing-wen took office as leader of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), she was known for her hard-line stance on Taiwan's sovereignty.
British number one Andy Murray and British number one Nick Ward are both through to the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open.
Chancellor George Osborne will be a "disgrace" if he pulls the plug on the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, an MP has said.
The RSPCA in Wales has reported a fall in the number of animal cruelty cases in 2015.
It's almost time for the start of the 2015 Formula 1 season in Melbourne.
No-one has been injured in a security alert on a coach on the M6 toll in Staffordshire, police have said.
Four London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against the building of a third runway at Heathrow Airport, the BBC has learned.
Torrential rain and high winds have caused widespread flooding in northern Germany and northern Sweden.
The bodies of five French Resistance fighters have been interred at the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
A 90-year-old woman has been seriously injured in an assault by a man who forced his way into her home.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead going into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Proposals to grant posthumous pardons to gay and bisexual men have been approved by the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been banned from teaching.
A popular motoring event in Coventry has been cancelled due to funding cuts.
More than 100 police forces are investigating reports of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor reached the semi-finals of the PDC World Championship with a 6-6 win over Peter Wright in London.
It is easy to forget that you need a Changing Places toilet when you go out for a change.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants, his news agency says.
There is a "culture of inequality" between vocational and academic pathways into work, the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee has said.
Chinese search engines have joined forces with the government to crack down on phishing scams.
Video replays are to be tested in United States football.
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as South Africa for the Under-20 World Cup.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something happening in the news, you might want to talk to your family or friends about it.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week.
Venezuela says it has deployed 17,000 troops to the border with Colombia to try to stop the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland is one of the world's largest media markets.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open with a 6-4 6-2 defeat by Milos Raonic.
Plans to build a new supermarket on the site of a former Butterley Brickworks in Merthyr Tydfil have been given the go ahead.
Wales Under-18 wing James Botham has signed a new contract with the Rugby Football Union.
Michael Matthews won stage seven of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
If you have been sexually abused by Jimmy Savile, you may want to contact police.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they have begun the process of pulling out heavy weapons from their positions in the Donetsk region.
Royal Mail has warned of an "urgent need" for a new framework for delivering letters to all parts of the UK.
Daniel Radcliffe has said he is "one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Five Russian civilians wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the country's highest military honour, the Order of Courage.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to be "full-strength" when they face New Zealand in Dublin on Saturday.
The director general of the Philippine police, Rodolfo Palomino, is under investigation for alleged sex offences, his office has said.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and go top of the table.
British number one Johanna Konta has been suspended from her Fed Cup match in Romania for "serious misconduct".
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the 2016-17 season.
National League side Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of Norwich City midfielder James O'Neill until the end of the season.
At least 11 people have been killed and 20 wounded in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A teenage girl has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by England footballer Adam Johnson after meeting him in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash during Sunday's race at the United States Grand Prix.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital with life-threatening injuries after a crash in Ceredigion.
Belfast boxer James Barnes has been stopped in the fifth round by Bulgarian Alexander Slavchev in his professional debut.
Theresa May has said she is "confident" Donald Trump will be able to sign a trade deal with the UK.
The official estimate of the UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is a good indicator of the health of the economy.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online resource to help schools tackle the attainment gap.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over its refusal to return the Parthenon Marbles.
Social security spending in England and Wales has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a think tank.
Albania secured their place in the Euro 2016 group stage with a comfortable win over Armenia.
Councils across Scotland are to review the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Ousmane Ighalo scored twice as Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League with victory at Newcastle.
Plans for a £1m redevelopment of Pembrokeshire's seafront have been submitted to the council.
A prominent Ukrainian opposition figure, Alexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his home in the capital, Kiev, police say.
A former adviser to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has written a scathing account of his time in office.
Wrexham are set to sign former Plymouth Argyle striker Jack Harvey on a free transfer.
A new exhibition has opened at Walmer Castle to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of the Duke of Wellington.
Visiting an aquarium can help people feel more relaxed and happier, a study suggests.
Easyjet is developing drones that can be fitted with laser scanners to help the airline deal with technical problems.
The first trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
PepsiCo is to close its factory in East Durham with the loss of 355 jobs.
A recording studio in north-west London has opened to the public.
Russian authorities have visited dozens of human rights organisations in the capital, Moscow.
The use of the swine flu vaccine Pandemrix has been linked to narcolepsy, according to a new study.
The number of UK universities in the top 20 of the world's best-ranked universities has risen sharply, according to a new league table.
Two of Wales' most famous dragons have arrived at Caernarfon Castle.
A fraudster who embezzled more than Â£4,000 from clients has been given a payback order.
Australia's prime minister is calling for a ban on vaccinating children in childcare centres.
Oscar Pérez, the Venezuelan forensic police officer who carried out a deadly attack on a court in Caracas on Tuesday, has been described as a self-styled action man.
The SNP has been chosen to chair two key committees in the UK Parliament.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of a fungus that causes ash die-back in the UK.
It's almost time for the final presidential debate.
Residents in San Francisco are calling for the city to reverse the sale of a private street that failed to pay its taxes.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton eased to victory over Gateshead in the National League.
Two men have been found dead on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Skiing Federation has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for two matches after being sent off in Saturday's Serie A defeat by Juventus.
Smoking is a serious health problem in England and Wales, according to Public Health England.
The Bracknell Forest forensic hospital in north London is to begin listening to patients' views on its services.
The minimum price for alcohol in England should be scrapped, peers have said.
Plans for a £10m surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Corey Kluber struck a hat-trick as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-1 to win the World Series for the first time in 108 years.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was "miserable" at the start of the Spanish Grand Prix because his tyres were not ready.
Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) supporters have called for Leicester City to be fined and banned from Brighton's King Power Stadium.
Police are investigating reports that a bonfire in Belfast has been set alight on the Eleventh Night of July.
Donald Trump is the most likely candidate to win the US presidential election.
Mariya Purve-Jorendal was born in India in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who murdered women in Greater Manchester and Yorkshire has been found not mentally ill enough to be moved to a high-security prison.
Plans to convert a Powys high school into a Welsh-medium school have been approved by councillors.
Tom DeLonge has confirmed he has left Blink 182.
A woman has been rescued from a hole in a car tyre after stepping through it and becoming wedged inside.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Marcos Rojo is playing "phenomenally" despite his red card against Everton.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has said she will accept an investigation into her handling of a corruption scandal.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car.
A campaign has been launched to bring back the death penalty in the UK.
A three-year-old boy has died in a farm accident in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for shooting dead his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.
The owners ofunsfold Park aerodrome in Waverley have lost a High Court bid to overturn planning permission for unrestricted flying of aircraft.
Oxford United have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup second-round tie against Newcastle United, with striker Michael Appleton returning from injury.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to buy Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com for $1.5bn (£1.6bn).
There will be a rebellion against the Welsh government over plans to devolve tax carrying competence to the assembly, the first minister has said.
UKIP has set out its plans for a dedicated veterans' minister for the UK, in a bid to boost defence spending.
A look back at some of the most famous film and TV figures who have died in recent years.
The government is to cut subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC understands.
A service to mark the centenary of the deaths of 11 Welsh soldiers in World War One is being held in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Jamie Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the semi-finals of the men's badminton at the Rio Olympics.
It has been a turbulent week for London Underground.
Coventry City fans have been warned to "keep any protests lawful" by the club's owners Sisu and Tim Fisher.
China has pledged to work with the US on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions between the two countries.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a £500,000 donation to help fund the reconstruction of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
A Staffordshire paramedic who was photographed rescuing victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash has thanked David Beckham for his support.
A High Court judge has ruled that Environment Minister Michael Durkan broke the ministerial code in approving a planning blueprint for Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Spire.
Hartlepool United's new manager David Hignett says the club are more than capable of beating teams in League Two.
George Cole, who was best known for his role as Arthur Daley in the 1950s horror film Minder, has died at the age of 91.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, following the Bank of England's decision not to raise interest rates.
More than 36,000 firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia's authorities say they have arrested two people in connection with an operation to sabotage the peace process in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed a new director of women's football.
Former Manchester United striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in the club's Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been threatened with a box of money after a car was stolen from a bank in Glasgow.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral of a couple killed in the Tunisia terror attack has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear are expected to fetch up to 10,000 pounds when they are sold at auction.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson has criticised the referee for allowing Jack Appiah to be sent off in the first half of his side's Europa League defeat by Birkirkara.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders has said he is running out of clean clothes at the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
Mark Wilson said his record-breaking run at the German Open was the "best match I've ever played" as he set a new world record of five tons.
Shrinking products such as toilet paper, chocolate biscuits and ice creams are among the products that are set to shrink, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found on a towpath in West Yorkshire may have suffered "deep trauma", police have said.
Britain's Chris Froome was beaten by Jarlinson Pantano on stage 15 of the Tour de France.
The government has confirmed most of its preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham.
Chesterfield came from behind to beat Barnsley and increase their lead at the top of League One.
French energy giant EDF has said it expects approval from the government for a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
A fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman has criticised new US visa rules after she was barred from flying to the US because she was Iranian.
Schools in Wales are not giving enough support to able and talented pupils, the education watchdog Estyn has said.
A teenager who bit off part of a man's ear with his teeth has been jailed for eight years.
Australia's immigration authorities are threatening health workers with up to two years in prison if they reveal protected information about their treatment of asylum seekers.
Neil Gaiman's The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named National Book of the Year.
Who better than the contestants on The Great British Bake Off?
An investigation into the management of a cancer hospital in Withington has been launched by the health regulator.
Scientists have recreated the mouth of a mollusc that lived 520 million years ago.
The Independent News & Media is looking to move out of its premises in Belfast city centre.
The families of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march in Powys have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has refused to accept a recommendation to remove immunity from prosecution.
A man has been arrested after a stolen tractor was stolen from a farm.
Plaid Cymru's former presiding officer Lord Elis-Thomas has said there is a "serious constitutional challenge" ahead of the next Welsh Government budget.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has caused a number of companies to change their business models.
The "us versus them" rhetoric used by world leaders has reached a level not seen since the 1930s, Amnesty International says.
There has been a lot of talk about junior doctors' strike action in England.
Bath have held talks with Racing 92 about signing Wales lock Luke Charteris.
Some of the notebooks and diaries of World War One poet Edward Thomas are in "very poor condition", a university has said.
Matt Machan hit his first first-class century of the season to help Sussex fight back against Worcestershire on day two at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi has backed Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola to make a "big revolution" in English football.
More than 1,000 patients have been delayed in hospital in the past three months, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels will face "severe punishment" if they attempt to attack trains, India's railways minister has said.
Knitting is "in Cambridge's DNA" as the city prepares to host the Tour de France, a cycling enthusiast has said.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged assault in Londonderry.
Tunisia's tourism industry is under serious threat, with tens of thousands of tourists heading to the country for the first time in more than a year.
A Florida man has been charged with arson after a fire at a mosque that killed 49 people last year.
The Mountain Bothy Association has called on hillwalkers to help clean up the mountain bothies in the Cairngorms.
Catalans Dragons secured their place in the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought victory at Wakefield.
Gloucester hooker Mark Atkinson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Former England striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, his family has confirmed.
Celtic maintained their 100% start to the season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle at Celtic Park.
Montrose moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Championship side Burnley have signed former Burnley midfielder James Jones on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £20,000 from a fraudulent account.
League Two side MK Dons have signed Bradford City striker Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has threatened to cut off cash transfers to Mexico if he wins the state of Wisconsin.
A second Conservative AM has been de-selected for the party's new list of 60 AMs in South Wales East.
Bairns manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the BBC Scottish Manager of the Year award.
A celebrity who wants to publish an account of his alleged extra-marital affairs to the Sun on Sunday has been given more time to apply for a permanent injunction.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has come under fire for his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a potential buyer for the Championship club.
Zimbabwe's authorities have seized the head of a lion killed on an illegal hunt in the country's Hwange National Park, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Nicky Ajose's stoppage-time penalty earned Charlton a draw at Gillingham.
Thousands of high earners are set to lose child benefit, the government has announced.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Alan Curtis has been appointed Swansea City's new loan player manager.
A youth football club has cancelled all of its matches after a caravan parked next to its changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris has reopened to the public, a day after the attacks that killed 129 people in the city.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup by the Organising Committee.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 to help Glamorgan beat Middlesex by seven wickets at Lord's in the One-Day Cup.
The chief executive of a hospital criticised by the health watchdog has said he is "not ashamed" of himself after admitting 300 errors in a report.
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Londonderry.
The number of dog attacks in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year, figures have shown.
Heather Rabbatts is to step down as chairman of the Football Association after five years in the role.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest one-day international century of his career as England beat Pakistan by six wickets in the final match of the three-match series.
Two people have been arrested after a couple were killed in a crash involving a car and two cyclists.
The founder of a Peebles-based tyre-fitting business has been bought by Michelin, the Michelin Group's parent company.
A new report on the future of Wales' national parks has been criticised by conservationists.
Surrey all-rounder Danny Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Virtual buttons have been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A group of fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
Poland's centre-right Civic Platform party has won the country's parliamentary election.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged.
A man's death could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Castleford Tigers prop Matt Garbutt has been banned for two games after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Catalans Dragons.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater for a yachtsman who went missing last month.
Falkirk has become the first Scottish local authority to invest £30m in social housing.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season to put Kent in control against Derbyshire on day three at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa looks at the life of a diamond miner.
The Northern line extension to Battersea has been approved by the government.
Cross-border rail services between Wales and England could be placed into other franchises, the transport secretary has said.
Tim Peake and his team have found a hidden Space Invaders game on the International Space Station.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun attack on a hotel popular with tourists in Burkina Faso, officials say.
A 47-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who says he was jailed for 15 years in Pakistan for trying to enter the country illegally has been reunited with his family.
More than 80,000 customers of software company mSpy have had their personal data exposed, the company has said.
Twitter has been accused of not doing enough to stop abusive messages on the social network.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate allegations of bribery and corruption at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, an MP has said.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been told by his fellow shareholders that he will step down at the end of the season.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo has published photocopies of documents it says show former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments in 1997 and 1998.
Two more migrants have been killed trying to cross the English Channel.
Yafai retained his IBF super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over fellow Briton Yafai in Birmingham.
A county council has agreed to cut opening hours at a popular holiday park in Hampshire.
A Sinn Féin MLA has apologised to a former Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) MP for a tweet he sent in which he asked him to reveal how many people he harassed and shot.
The Pakistan Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) says it has been "embarrassed" by a US raid on the compound of Osama Bin Laden.
A teenager who posted drone videos on YouTube is taking legal action against his expulsion from a US university over the videos.
London's Elephant and Castle junction has been closed to traffic for the first time in more than a decade as part of a £25m road transformation.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
Asian shares fell on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's interest rate decision.
Iran's parliament has voted to reject the nuclear deal with world powers.
Rangers' signing of Bruno Alves is the perfect fit for Pedro Caixinha's plans, according to former Scotland defender Mick McCarthy.
Mae'r Gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed yn ôl hefyd yng Nghymru.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at the Eastern Centre Championship.
More than 800,000 pharmacists in India are going on strike in a dispute over online drug sales.
Donald Trump's decision to endorse Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate has been met with mixed reactions.
A restorationist has said he is "devastated" after his garden was flooded by torrential rain.
Who knew Nick Griffin was going to be the next leader of the British National Party?
A new programme aimed at helping children cope with the transition from primary to secondary school has been launched.
Three sheep painted on a street in Wrexham have been found safe and well.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a new deal for Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
A former partner of one of Northern Ireland's biggest banks, Nama, has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in connection with the sale of its Northern Ireland property loans.
League One side Doncaster Rovers have signed Aston Villa defender Sam Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
It's not every day that MPs get the chance to propose legislation to the House of Commons.
The US says it will release funds to Iran as part of a new nuclear deal with six world powers.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 71-60 by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the deaths of four police officers in Dallas, Texas.
An Australian plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Papua New Guinea after a snake was found clinging to the wing.
German media group Axel Springer has bought the online news site Business Insider for an undisclosed sum.
Families in Warrington are to be offered free swimming routes to a community leisure centre.
The European Space Agency's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 planets in our Solar System.
The DSPCA has said it has foiled an attempt to smuggle more than 100 puppies into the Republic of Ireland.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said the government must be "completely mad" to be giving in-work benefits to migrants from Eastern Europe.
A Grade II-listed building in Durham has been put up for sale by Durham University.
An amateur astronomy group has been awarded an award for the best place to see the night sky.
A body has been found in the River Taff in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop powered to victory in the first practice session of the Ulster Grand Prix on Friday.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report has said.
The union Aslef has accused ScotRail of "shambolic" industrial relations after the operator announced it would cut services on Sundays.
Hungary will not backtrack on its controversial higher education laws, Foreign Minister Beata Szijjarto has said.
If you look closely at Jesus, the Homeless, you might notice two things.
A security flaw in Topps' payment card systems has exposed the details of more than 100,000 customers, the company has said.
India reached a 300-run target in the second Test against South Africa to take a 3-0 lead in the series.
The number of motorists caught using mobile phones while driving in Wales has more than doubled in a year, new figures show.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked at a community farm in Monmouthshire.
Council-owned cemeteries in Oxfordshire have run out of suitable land for burial, the council has said.
Singer Chris Brown has been shot dead at a party in California.
The US is to resume the sale of combat aircraft to Nigeria, after the Nigerian government halted the deal last month, US officials say.
MPs have backed an amendment to make it illegal for women to have sex-selective abortions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans for 4,000 new homes in a Surrey district have been given the go-ahead.
The impact of climate change on food security around the world is set to be significant, according to the UN's food agency.
A man who defrauded theatre companies out of more than £100,000 has been jailed for five years.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he is unsure whether John Terry will continue to play for the club.
The DUP's Gavin Robinson has criticised those campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
The Afghan government has appointed a new head of the counter crime department following the resignation of Gen Zahir Haqqani.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to reach more than 14,000 by 2035, according to official figures.
Some butterflies could be extinct in the UK as a result of global warming, a study suggests.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeenshire, police have said.
A Cardiff-based software company is creating 300 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most controversial topics in Africa this year.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man.
A father and son have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham is the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to official figures.
Tony Ball is to host the nominations for this year's Olivier Awards, it has been announced.
A tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 300th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple who died in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to them.
The number of businesses going into administration in Scotland has fallen, according to restructuring firm KPMG.
Cavan, Monaghan and Fermanagh have all made changes to their squad for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A police officer who gave information to a drug dealer he met at a gym has been jailed for three years.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his landlord in a microwave oven.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well, his family has said.
Patient safety in the NHS's 999 and 111 phone lines will be "stabilised" due to staffing shortages, a report has said.
Nottingham Forest striker Chris Green says he was "disappointed" by his departure from Mansfield Town.
GB Taekwondo has been accused of failing to protect its athletes following claims of poor medical care.
David Lloyd hit a career-best century as Glamorgan and Sussex played out a draw in the T20 Blast in Cardiff.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who stole more than £33,000 from his victims has been given a suspended jail term.
Jamaica's anti-doping agency is "overstating" the results of its drug testing, a senior officer has said.
Antonio Conte has been appointed Italy coach on a two-year contract.
Shrewsbury kept their League One play-off hopes alive with a comfortable win over Blackpool.
The story of the UK's future in the European Union is well-known.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos to a cemetery in the capital, Manila.
Three people have been arrested in connection with the suspected slavery of more than 100 men in the West Midlands.
The number of migrants living in the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos has reached record levels.
An elderly woman has been reunited with her old bike after it was stolen from a supermarket.
The father of one of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow has said he feels "calmer" after a meeting with investigators.
Mario Balotelli has threatened to leave the pitch if he is found guilty of racially abusing a Roma fan.
A charity event is to be held to raise money for the victims of a rollercoaster crash in Staffordshire.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has been voted the best film of all time by a film critics' magazine.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in New York, has been captured in the US state of New York.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a fall in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales fell in key markets.
A fishing community in Cambodia has become an eco-tourism destination for western tourists.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about the implications of the attacks.
All photographs by Susie Attwood / Modern Art Oxford.
A man has appeared in court following an investigation into the sale of drugs in West Lothian.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says finishing top of their Euro 2016 group is a "fantastic feeling".
The number of teacher vacancies in northern Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the last four years.
George Clooney has been greeted with flowers and a card at a care home by staff who had written to him asking for a visit.
The cause of a sinkhole which closed a road in Hertfordshire for more than a year has been identified.
Everton have signed Leicester City director of football Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jon Walters and Robbie Keane have been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifiers against Sweden and Italy on Tuesday.
Saracens flanker Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postie who found a postcard in his doormat has said he is "really sorry" it fell down the toilet.
Roarie Deacon and Matt Tubbs scored late goals as Sutton United beat Cheltenham to reach the FA Cup third round.
Caravan, a Great British Love Story by Gareth Iwan Jones is to be published in June.
The former head of the Independent Inquiry into Torture and Abuse (IHAT) has said allegations of abuse against UK soldiers were "of the highest order".
The former governor of Nigeria's Delta state, Ikechukwu Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in London.
A "hands-on" job is being advertised at a Pembrokeshire hotel.
Scotland full-back Tim Visser says his side are capable of beating South Africa in their opening World Cup Pool B match.
More than 1,000 people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother who stopped to feed her baby in public.
Fleetwood reached the second round of the FA Cup thanks to a 4-1 extra-time win over League One side Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has secured relief in her legal challenge.
The BBC is asking for your suggestions for a musical blue plaque.
More than 100 doctors have signed a letter criticising the government's approach to the NHS in England.
The Mexican government says it has begun delivering food to thousands of people who have been protesting against education reforms in the state of Oaxaca.
A 7.2 magnitude earthquake has struck off the coast of Vanuatu, in the Pacific Ocean.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not resign from the government.
A £10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the killer of Caroline McKeich.
Antonio Giaccherini and Pelle scored twice as Italy beat Belgium to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championship.
Rory McIlroy moved into a share of the lead at the Race to Dubai after a second-round three-under-par 66 at Royal Birkdale.
Olympic silver medallist Chris Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton.
A large fire has broken out at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after the body of a former Conservative MP was mistakenly sent to a hospital mortuary in Birmingham.
Plans to create 15 new jobs in Cambridgeshire have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Mark Lapthorne reached his first Australian Open final with victory in the quad doubles final in Melbourne.
Heavy snow has fallen across parts of northern England, causing travel disruption and disruption.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of "a feeble public relations effort" to undermine its work.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Nigel Phillips says a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua would be "a dream come true".
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says his side must change their mentality if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Ben Weston from National League side Woking for an undisclosed fee.
The former department store chain BHS is to open a new online shop in the UK, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
When Joba Rani took out her first microfinance loan after her crops were destroyed by the recent floods in Bangladesh, she was devastated.
The US is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention centre, the White House spokesman has said.
A long-running strike by Luas bus drivers in the Republic of Ireland has been resolved.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages over allegations he illegally traded oil with the Islamic State (IS) group.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the European Union to stop negotiations on a trade deal with Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the signing of former Bolton Wanderers striker Chris Holdsworth on a two-year deal.
Scotland maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland.
Scientists have used a gene editing technique to treat tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean is to be transferred to a private company.
The Nobel Peace Prize for Peace has been awarded to five women at a ceremony in Oslo.
Belfast Capitals secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Cardiff Devils at Kingspan Stadium.
Britain's Laura Belcher secured a place at the Rio Paralympics with a fifth-place finish in the K1 200m final at the European Championships in Milan.
Three people have been seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers in Coventry.
A man has been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of making terror threats.
Australia's Border Force says seven asylum seekers who allegedly participated in unrest at a detention centre on Christmas Island are being transferred to the mainland.
Meat inspectors in the UK will no longer be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for disease, under new EU rules.
Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Svetlana Dasilva on loan until the end of the season.
A mother and her daughter have been found guilty of neglect after a teenager slipped out of his rubber ring during a swimming lesson.
A building has collapsed in the centre of Naples, killing at least seven people.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Cumbrian defender David Sweeney on a two-year deal.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been quizzing children about their favourite sights in space during a live broadcast from the World Museum.
A man who caused a five-month-old baby to suffer "catastrophic, life-changing" injuries has been jailed.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the top 10 winner of a prestigious international education prize.
The north Wales region should be given more power to help create a "virtual city" of 15 million people in the north of England, a leading figure in the "Northern Powerhouse" has said.
Huddersfield Town have signed former Blackburn Rovers midfielder Gary Jones on a two-year deal.
Adele has beaten Beyonce to the best album award at the Grammys.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat West Brom.
Plans to create a divisional patent court in Scotland have been approved by the UK government.
A dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globes has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles, police say.
Radiohead have recorded their own theme tune for the new James Bond film.
Matt Jackson scored the only goal as Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup.
Police officers in England and Wales received an overtime payment of £45,000 last year, figures obtained by BBC 5 live show.
Archaeologists have discovered a wall of medieval walling at Edinburgh Castle.
A Canadian ice cream company has offered to buy a rural school in the province of Saskatchewan in order to save it from closure.
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire at a recycling plant in Manchester city centre.
The man who built the iPod and iPhone is about to go head-to-head with Sir Jonathan Sir Jonathan.
The Football Association has backed Uefa president Michel Platini in his bid to become Fifa's next president.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Gillingham and move out of the League One relegation zone.
Plans for a £100m golf and golf facility have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs.
Ed Miliband has always been a man of few words.
A Russian fighter jet has made a low-altitude pass over a US aircraft in the Black Sea, US officials say.
Snapchat has said it has seen more than two billion views a day of video posted on its service.
The number of people using Three has been hit by a technical fault, the company has said.
An all-girls school in Sydney has banned students from clapping during an assembly.
A "legendary figure" in Welsh politics has been chosen as the most likely candidate to represent Wales when the UK leaves the European Union.
When Bruno Tonioli was diagnosed with depression in 2006, his name was changed to "Bonkers Bruno Locked Up".
Welsh taekwondo star Jade Williams says winning gold at the European Championships is a "massive bonus".
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must defend his WBA heavyweight title against David Ortiz in Las Vegas on 11 November.
Members of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) have been barred from entering the headquarters of the football federation in Abuja.
Northern Ireland's curlew has been added to a list of the UK's most endangered birds.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to face Slovenia and Slovenia.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for his book The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in central London.
England's Daniel Levy is three shots off the lead after the first round of the German Open.
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
The US-led coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan says it has killed two Afghan soldiers in an insider attack.
New Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Pro12 semi-final against Edinburgh will be crucial in deciding who will make his final Scotland squad.
Port Vale manager Alan Smurthwaite says he expects to be offered a new contract by Championship clubs in the coming weeks.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, officials say.
China's manufacturing sector contracted for the second month in a row in July, according to a closely watched survey.
Armando Izzo scored a late own goal as Roma beat Genoa to go top of Serie A.
Victims of the "worst journey on earth" during World War II have been awarded medals by the Russian government.
Three men have been charged with the attempted murder of a former security officer in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Taylor Swift has topped the UK album chart for the first time with her new album, Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway.
Human remains found on a slip road in West Sussex are being treated as suspicious, police have said.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen sharply, the health ministry says.
It may seem odd to cancel free lunches for every child in the first three years of primary school.
The UK's construction sector shrank by less than previously thought in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's uncharacteristically undiplomatic comments about Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK are being scrutinised by state media.
Former Wrexham captain Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager.
A man has been jailed for six months after being caught with more than half a kilo of cannabis.
Air pollution is one of the biggest health concerns facing the world.
Jazz fans in the US have been paying tribute to a young musician who has been nominated for the Grammy award.
A 40-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has called on the German government to take a stand in the fight against the Thalidomide drug scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has made some startling new discoveries about Comet 67P.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been urged to withdraw from the race after a video emerged in which he bragged about groping women.
A South African woman has appeared in court for allegedly offering to represent the family of convicted murderer Oscar Pistorius.
Six-time Wimbledon champion Andyomic says he is "disgraceful" and "disrespectful" after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round.
Barcelona forward Neymar has been ordered to pay 5.5m euros ($6.1m; Â£4.7m) to settle a tax fraud case.
Fidel Castro, the son of former Cuban leader Raul Castro, has died at the age of 90.
A 13-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked by four men in Blackburn.
A new book about autism has been shortlisted for the Samuel Johnson Prize for fiction.
Goalscorer Alex Danson has been named in Great Britain's squad for the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
The deputy first minister has said his mother found a "black beret" in her home in Londonderry in 1972.
The number of people in Northern Ireland who have travelled to the Republic of Ireland has risen to more than 1,000.
A County Tyrone man has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a woman by careless driving.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, the toddler whose body was washed up on the Greek island of Kos.
South Africa scrum-half Rob van Rooyen believes the Pro12 could help the national side gain financial stability in Europe.
Israel did not intend to cause the deaths of more than 2,000 Palestinians during the 2014 Gaza war, a UN report has said.
Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Germany at Hampden on Monday has been described as one of the worst in recent memory.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is "confident" he can end a run of three straight defeats when he defends his WBA super-heavyweight title against Christian Braehmer.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill, including Coast Scene near Cannes and View From a Bathing Hut at the Miami Surf Club, has been accepted by the government.
It is Saturday morning in Manchester and the city is still reeling from the terror attack at the Arena.
A woman has been hit with a crowbar during a robbery in Belfast city centre.
Pop star Tinie Tempah is sitting at his studio in Peckham, east London, listening to his latest album.
Aquascutum, the British company famous for its trench coats, is set to be sold.
Customers at a cash machine in North Lanarkshire have received double the amount of money they were asked to withdraw.
A building at Dundee University is to be closed while experts carry out remedial works after asbestos was found in the air.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
The government has announced plans to increase the number of doctor training places in England.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens thrashed Bath to move up to second in the Premiership.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed West Bromwich Albion's Sam Kashket and Southampton's Ryan Gape for undisclosed fees.
The return of a manager to the English Football League is a rite of passage for many managers.
A woman who was "bombarded with affection and compliments" by a man who threatened to kill her if she did not send £3,750 has said she has lost more than £300,000 in fraud.
A court in Japan has ruled that women should be able to take their husband's surname after marriage.
Ospreys fly-half Rhys Owens says they will be back in that winning groove next week after a poor start to the season.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Ben Read hopes this year's One-Day Cup final will be the club's year of success.
The Strictly Come Dancing finalist has said he was "gutted" when he found out he was suffering from depression.
Mitt Romney is in the final stages of deciding who he will run for the Republican presidential nomination.
Afghanistan's opium cultivation has increased by more than a third in the past year, according to new figures.
The UK Supreme Court has ruled that no child should be taken out of school without good reason.
A woman who was jailed for running a prostitution ring with former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has spoken out for the first time.
The ban on blood donations from gay men has been in place in the UK for more than a decade.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept the terms of its €7.2bn (£5.3bn) bailout.
It's been three years since England won the Ashes.
Worcestershire and Lancashire played out a rain-affected One-Day Cup quarter-final with each other on Sunday.
Plans to reduce the Six Nations to a six-week tournament are "indiscriminate" with players' health, says Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Gareth Davies.
A body has been recovered during a search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
NHS bosses have been given the go-ahead to help cover doctor shortages in England.
More than 3,000 civilians and more than 40 wounded have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
At least 140 Libyan soldiers have been killed in an attack on an airbase in the east of the country, officials say.
How much would you have to pay back if you were a student?
Labour's shadow education secretary Liz Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet.
England will play Scotland in a two-legged play-off at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are at a "low point".
It's been a year since Cheshire became the first county in the UK to take on devolved powers.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in north Belfast.
Somalia's military says it is still not receiving a $1m (Â£1.3m) stipend due to be withheld by the government.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of funding terrorism, Australian police have said.
A 3D printer has been developed for the US space agency.
Professional dogs have been shown to be effective at keeping gulls away from beaches in the US.
A bird of prey has been shot in the head in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
Jeremy Corbyn's supporters seem determined to challenge him in the Labour leadership contest.
Police have been asked to use extra powers to stop and search people during the Champions League final in Cardiff.
A grassroots environmental campaigner in Cambodia has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work on the country's forests.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City and move up to second in the Premier League.
Girls as young as 10 are the most likely to become child brides in developing countries, according to a new report by Save the Children.
Sunderland Ladies' Beth Mead has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has admitted taking indecent pictures of a schoolgirl.
A man from Bristol has won the world's largest pumpkin seed competition.
McLaren team principal Jean-Claude Boullier says his team are fighting for a world title by the end of the season.
David Cameron has defended his government's plans for free childcare for three and four year-olds in England.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said she would like to see income tax up for higher earners in Wales once powers are devolved.
Leyton Orient midfielder Ben Watson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a leg injury.
A crowd of 500 people has gathered outside Chelmsford theatre to watch the Labour leadership contest.
Munster will investigate whether they broke concussion management protocols in their European Cup quarter-final win over Glasgow.
MSPs are to hold a public inquiry into the payment of returning officers to Scottish councils.
Police are investigating the death of a 52-year-old man in Stevenson.
Sarah Sen is a big fan of cashback websites.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's transfer activity this summer.
Northern Ireland's environment minister has been accused of breaching the ministerial code by unilaterally approving a major retail development plan in Belfast.
Gloucestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to seek committee approval for a flood protection scheme which could cost up to £17.8m.
Farmers in England are being urged to take action to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
A woman has completed her final attempt to run the London Marathon.
Labour has accused the government of "political football of the worst kind" over the future of a North West Leicestershire by-election.
Michael Johnston has stepped down as chairman of Kilmarnock following the death of his wife Joanne.
More than 100 men from around the UK have attended a conference in Sheffield to discuss the issue of domestic abuse.
Everton reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over Krasnodar in Belarus.
Jockey James Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae in a fall.
Millions of people across Scotland are watching the UK general election.
Leicester City's players would "love" to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager long term, says manager Craig Shakespeare.
The SDLP has called for an urgent inquiry into the number of separated children in Northern Ireland.
Belgium has declared a state of emergency in the capital, Brussels, in the wake of the Paris attacks.
Motorists faced delays on the M1 in Birmingham after a jet carrying 153 people was forced to make an emergency landing.
The hit US TV series Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Mark Haldane, has warned that the economy is "losing speed on the runway".
Leicestershire Speedway have secured a deal to keep the team in the Premier League for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty has risen for the first time in more than a decade, according to a government report.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 19th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
Victims of sexual abuse and grooming in Rotherham have told the BBC they are "too afraid" to go to the police.
Sam Allardyce says he will not be distracted by his new England team as they prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Witton railway station.
The UK will continue to oppose any duplication of the EU's military, the defence secretary has said.
The bodies of five people killed in a helicopter crash in north Wales have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour is the new leader of the Afghan Taliban.
A cycle hire scheme has returned to Oxfordshire.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to set up an unarmed observer mission.
A US appeals court has ruled that an uncredited sample of Madonna's Vogue song is not a copyright infringement.
Plans to build a new road linking Swansea and Swansea have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
King George VI's piano has been restored to its rightful home at the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter of the year, official figures show.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its Android smartphone.
A replica of the cane used by Oscar-winning director Sir David Attenborough is expected to fetch up to £10,000 at auction.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been ordered to apologise.
Labour would introduce a legal right to work on zero-hours contracts in its first year of government, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison's decision to sell his 76% shareholding in Motherwell to a local business has paved the way for the club's future.
Police investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl more than a decade ago are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
Regulated rail fares in England and Wales have risen by 0.5% in the past year, according to the Rail Delivery Group (RDG).
The NHS in England has expanded its rehabilitation programme for wounded war veterans, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is to commission new portraits of people who have been painted or photographed by its current staff and students.
Derbyshire head coach Danny Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast next season despite their shock exit from the group stage.
England's women's football team will not be able to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, says captain Jamie Sampson.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle awards, beating Creed to the title.
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award for his book about soldiers returning from war in Afghanistan.
The British and Irish Lions will be better for young players having to "force their way in" to play international cricket, says former captain Andrew Flower.
I have amassed a collection of more than 25,000 matchbox labels.
A lot of athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, according to the British Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is no reason why the Bahrain Grand Prix should be cancelled.
Michelle Dockery and West have joined the cast of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Tarek Hamed has been named in Egypt's 23-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage and a raft of talent for this year's festival.
A gas explosion which killed a man was "almost like an airstrike", an inquest has heard.
A baker has made a special Harry Potter cake to celebrate JK Rowling's 90th birthday.
Venezuela's government has declared a food distribution emergency after looting shops in the north-eastern state of Sucre.
A lettings agency in south London is claiming more than £11,000 in housing benefit, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
Scotland will need to be "smarter and clever" if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday, says head coach Greig Laidlaw.
As Australia prepares to become the first country in the world to allow same-sex couples to marry, the BBC looks at the economic benefits of marriage equality in the nation.
South Korean opposition lawmakers have broken a world record by speaking for 57 hours in a marathon parliamentary session.
It's one of the biggest sporting events in the UK this weekend.
The Royal Mint has launched a commemorative coin to celebrate the birth of a child.
Japan and South Korea have held their first formal diplomatic talks since the country's new leader took office last year.
England midfielder Michael Carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says Roy Hodgson.
The inquest into the death of schoolgirl Alice Gross is to examine whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the world's most powerful Islamist groups.
An SNP MP who found a stuffed bunny by the gates of the Palace of Westminster has returned it to its owner.
A US judge has ordered a Russian woman to hand over a fingerprint sensor to police in order to decrypt data on her iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila believes his side still have a chance of reaching the last 16 of the Champions League.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
WBA world featherweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Julio Rosas on 29 May.
Mark Carney's decision to extend his term as governor of the Bank of England was a controversial one.
A review into the end-of-life care system for dying patients in England is likely to recommend it be scrapped.
Four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home.
Canadian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty of stealing more than 3m credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in a "shocking and completely senseless" attack, the RSPCA has said.
One of New Zealand's longest-living wild pelicans, Lanky, has died at the age of 90.
Boys have overtaken girls in top A-level grades for the first time in England, official results show.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated after a measles outbreak at a nursery.
Macedonia's President Aleksandar Ivanov has said he will cut a "tangle" in the country's political scandal.
The Prince of Wales has delivered the original message of victory to the Duke of Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo 200 years ago.
The Russian state was likely to have been involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, an inquiry has heard.
More than 1.4 million more children are now in "good" or "outstanding" schools in England, Philip Hammond has said in his Autumn Statement.
The use of cashless payments to pay for school meals has to stop, an AM has said.
A new approach to fighting HIV has been shown to be safe and effective in humans, say scientists.
Seven police officers are being questioned over the "serious hand injuries" suffered by a prisoner in custody, it has emerged.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's fastest growing emerging economies, thanks to its high rate of economic growth and low unemployment.
Dover Athletic have been granted permission to sign former Barnet and Eastleigh player David N'Gala.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley praised striker Kane Hemmings for his "fantastic return" to the club after his 25th goal of the season.
The Royal British Legion is asking people to think again about the poppy as part of a campaign to raise money for the Poppy Appeal.
Brian Graham's late strike secured Linlithgow's place in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals with victory over Hamilton Academical.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US box office in its first week of release, beating The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Comedian Andrew Lloyd Webber has said he feels "more excited" about musicals than ever before, despite the high ticket prices in the UK.
An app that would alert people to the dangers posed by natural disasters is to be developed by a student in the Arctic Circle.
Glamorgan's David Miller and Jacques Rudolph both hit half-centuries as they beat Gloucestershire by six wickets in the T20 Blast.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Paul Berners-Lee looks at some of the most viral videos and memes of 2015.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Bridgend county.
French police have arrested two men suspected of carrying out a deadly attack on a satirical magazine in Paris on Wednesday.
Prince Philip is to retire from the Royal Family at the end of August.
Plans to demolish two flats in Wrexham have been approved by the local council.
A man has told a court he was shot in the leg by a gunman wielding a stocking over his head.
It's been a week since Taylor Swift announced she was leaving Spotify.
Jenson Button says he is "confident" the new Azerbaijan Grand Prix will be a success despite concerns over safety.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has staged an impromptu protest in protest against the police's handling of an alleged prostitution ring.
Police have said they have made "significant successes" in dismantling organised crime in Scotland.
Tickets for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out in less than 24 hours.
Former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has said he would probably race again in 2015 despite admitting he used performance-enhancing drugs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side are in a "fantastic position" ahead of their Euro 2016 quarter-final against Russia.
Martin McGuinness is one of the world's fastest motorcyclists.
Sussex batsman Tom Wells says he is not satisfied with his form so far this season.
A village councillor has said it would be "absolute madness" to move a 1,000-year-old boulder up a hill after it was allegedly hit by a car.
A woman who raised more than £330,000 for disabled pensioner David Barnes has been charged with attempted murder.
Royal Bank of Scotland has said it will set aside £3.1bn to settle claims it made in the run-up to the financial crisis.
A 17th Century portrait of a Welsh nobleman has been bought by the National Trust for Wales.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales are set to be withdrawn under cuts announced by the chancellor, the BBC has learned.
The South African Supreme Court has told the High Court in Pretoria that it is time for the courts to take a break.
Turkey's parliament has approved a law allowing women to wear headscarves in state institutions.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man has been jailed for eight years for murdering his mother in a "vile murder" at her Norwich home.
Violent clashes have erupted in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival factions over the conflict in Syria.
A teenager who lost two teeth when he was bitten by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol was told he had an accident with his teeth, a BBC investigation has found.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a season-long loan from Israeli side Al Ahly.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe has died at the age of 87, his family has confirmed.
The UK government's aid agency has been criticised by the National Audit Office for spending over £5,000 on travel costs.
A man who spent more than 40 years in prison for being an IRA member has said he is facing a "soul-destroying" financial situation.
Labour has said it will oppose plans to hold a referendum on EU membership on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham.
Jules Bianchi's father says he believes the Italian Formula 1 driver will survive a serious head injury sustained in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
Legal services firm Axiom has announced plans to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a series of phone calls made using a cordless telephone.
Northern Ireland's David Farmer secured his first win of the season with victory in the first Supersport round of the British Superbike Championship at Knockhill.
UK retail sales growth slowed in the first quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
The Gambia has pulled out of the Commonwealth, saying it is "deeply disappointed" by reports that it has joined the group.
A social worker who failed to visit mentally ill men in Vale of Glamorgan has been found guilty of misconduct.
The UK should start formal negotiations to leave the European Union within two years, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
The US justice department has announced new rules that make it easier for law enforcement agencies to track mobile phones in urban areas.
The Gambia has suspended diplomatic relations with Cuba in the wake of the death of President Yahya Jammeh.
A dog that was removed from a County Antrim park after a campaign to free it has been granted an exemption.
Everton are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of England defender John Stones for an undisclosed fee.
High winds and heavy rain have caused widespread disruption in parts of the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London.
Two teenagers have been killed in a crash involving two cars.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United.
A new penalty shootout system is to be introduced in the Carabao Cup and Checkatrade Trophy.
A woman who has been collecting poppies for the Royal British Legion has died.
A woman has told an inquest how she was sexually assaulted by serial killer Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he is "forced to accept" tough new austerity measures after parliament approved a bailout deal.
Millions of people across the UK will be voting in the general election on 8 June.
Yorkshire hope to move one of their first day-night Test matches to Headingley when the fixture list is published.
A Henry Moore sculpture, which was controversially sold to the Tate Gallery in 1997, is to be placed in London's Canary Wharf after a High Court battle.
A County Londonderry man accused of driving without insurance and without a qualified driver has asked a judge to postpone his sentencing.
A contestant on the Miss Universe pageant has been criticised for suggesting healthcare was a privilege or a right.
A website called YouTube is trying to crack down on fake views on the site.
China's first trial space station will not burn up during falling into the atmosphere, the country's space agency has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the reasons why Africa's poultry industry is booming.
David Cameron has been told his father Ian has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke.
Syrian government forces have begun evacuating the last rebel-held district of the city of Homs, officials say.
Saracens head coach Stuart McCall says there is no reason why the club can't improve.
A statue of baseball legend Dickie Bird has been raised to make it easier for people to remove items from it.
Retail bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "catastrophic" for millions of families.
Paul Scholes has returned to the Manchester United squad for the first time since retiring from international football.
A school in Rio de Janeiro has won the city's annual carnival title.
Wales is "paying the price" for not doing enough to promote green energy, a leading environmentalist has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time since 2001, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Northern Ireland women's team have won the 400m at the Vaasa European Indoor Championships in Italy.
All young people should register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales could have a new right to challenge police decisions, under Labour's election manifesto.
When Jack Chase was a child growing potatoes in his family farm in Herefordshire in the early 1990s, he had no idea he would become a successful food entrepreneur.
Syria's foreign ministry has said it has intercepted two shipments of banned chemical weapons from the country.
A six-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire's Mitch Mitchell and Brett D'Oliveira both hit centuries on day three against Derbyshire at Edgbaston.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes is likely to be a "one-time flushing" of black money out of the system, a former economist says.
Oxford United moved up to second in League One with victory over Bradford.
A developer has lost its appeal against a council's refusal to approve a housing development on the outskirts of Yorkshire.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" when his side face Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Tom Hiddleston has denied reports that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The Lord Chief Justice has said the British government has a legal obligation to act as quickly as possible on the legacy of the past.
Nottinghamshire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Surrey.
Two of the last journalists to work in Fleet Street have announced their retirement.
A GP surgery in New Zealand which was previously rated "inadequate" has been rated "good" by the health watchdog.
At Singapore's State University (SMU) in Singapore, a group of students are taking part in a lecture.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable win over Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood both missed the cut at the US Open by one shot.
A new mental health academy is being set up in West Berkshire to help reduce the number of patients waiting for help.
A new air ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a British woman jailed in Iran has said he is "frightened" by the outcome of her appeal against her sentence.
Lee Westwood is relishing the prospect of playing at Royal Troon for the first time since 2004.
Arsenal Ladies defender Alex Smith has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton England has had its funding withdrawn from the Olympic and Paralympic programme by UK Sport.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have been laid at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found at a house in County Fermanagh.
A German man has been fined for causing the death of a motorcyclist in Gwynedd.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Blackpool have signed striker Jack Allsop on a season-long loan and striker Ryan Cooke on a permanent deal.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
More than 60,000 people have attended events to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man is hoping to break the world record for the largest egg.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire GP practice has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
Jamie Hardie is sitting in a dark alleyway in a theme park in New Zealand.
Indonesian social media users have been using the hashtag #KamiTidakTakut to express their sympathy for the victims of bomb attacks in the capital, Jakarta.
Forty new jobs have been created at a laser cutting company in Kilrea, County Antrim.
A Native American tribe in South Dakota has announced plans to open a recreational marijuana resort.
Conor McGregor says he is "not prepared to fight in the deepest of trenches" after lighter gloves were given the go-ahead for his boxing debut against Floyd Mayweather on Saturday.
Plans to build 500 homes on allotments in Surrey have been approved by the local authority.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.
East Yorkshire's Bay TV station has been put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Togolese football fans have paid tribute to former coach Big Boss Keshi, who died on Saturday.
Two off-duty police officers have been arrested in connection with a theft in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in Salford, police have said.
A Russian airliner has crashed in Egypt, killing all 224 people on board, officials say.
Real Madrid have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A bug in a bear that could have let an attacker spy on its young owner has been discovered by four security firms.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has convicted Jean-Pierre Bemba of rape as a war crime.
Malala Yousafzai was born into a Taliban family in Pakistan.
Chelsea have celebrated their Premier League title with a parade through London.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and move closer to winning the world title.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, one of the biggest legal rows in British history is taking place.
Seachill is one of the biggest food companies in the UK, but it's also been reviewing its pay arrangements following the introduction of the national living wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been arrested at an unauthorised rally in St Petersburg, police say.
Banking giant Hays has said it is "too early to tell" whether the Brexit vote will have an impact on its business.
Samsung has become the first company to allow ad-blockers to be installed on its mobile phones.
US consumer sentiment has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who were jailed for sexually abusing two young boys have won their battle to be able to identify them.
Four people have been arrested as part of a police campaign to tackle domestic abuse during England's Euro 2016 match against Russia.
Workers in Cymru could save up to £1,000 a year by using healthier modes of transport, a charity has said.
Five men have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder after police raided properties in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he is not concerned about injuries to strikers Jacob Butterfield and Jonas Olsson ahead of the new season.
Kyle Edmund will lead Great Britain into Friday's Davis Cup quarter-final against Serbia at Alexandra Palace.
Wigan Warriors captain Tomkins says he could return to the Super League club in the future.
Wigan Warriors boosted their hopes of a place in the Super League play-offs with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation has said she has been the victim of an "unprecedented" campaign of intimidation.
Scientists have shown that sandstone can control the shape of some of the world's most famous landmarks.
The Met Office has issued the first high wind warning of the season for parts of northern and western Scotland.
Using whole brain radiotherapy to treat secondary brain tumours does not improve survival rates, a study in the Lancet suggests.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the year.
Josh Taylor is targeting a world title fight against Ricky Burns next week.
Aberdeen have signed Scotland international Stevie May on a four-year deal.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes between security forces and Shia residents in a town in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province, activists say.
Turkey has launched a fresh offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she never shied away from taking responsibility for the party's loss of 40 MPs in May.
A woman has found a golden shell and a golden train hidden in a velvet bag at Scunthorpe Art Centre.
A post-inquest hearing into the death of a soldier at Deepcut barracks is to be held in February, a coroner has ruled.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of murdered schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A new search and rescue helicopter service has been launched at a former RAF base in Gwynedd.
Sport Ireland chief executive Peter Treacy says a "deeply divided" board at the Irish Athletic Association is a "symptom" of the sport's financial problems.
The daughter of British aid worker John Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for the group to be eradicated.
Tom Trott hit a career-best century as Warwickshire beat Essex by eight wickets to reach the One-Day Cup final.
Haiti's Senate has voted to accept the resignation of President Joseph Privert, the country's interim president.
The data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered, the country's investigation committee says.
Extremism is spreading, threatening and taking lives, not just in our countries but in other lands, the prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the government in its fight against employment discrimination fees.
Iranian football goalkeeper Sosha Makani has been banned from social media for six months over his "SpongeBob SquarePants" trousers.
Lindsey Vonn became the first woman to win a World Cup downhill race with victory in Austria on Sunday.
Firefighters have issued safety advice after two hoverboards caught fire in London in October.
England will begin their Women's World Twenty20 campaign against Hong Kong on Thursday, with Scotland and Ireland in the same group as hosts India.
Tottenham will face holders Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley.
A hotel guest house has been fined after a man fell from a balcony onto his head.
Former business secretary Sir Vince Cable says vocational education is a "fundamental part" of the modern education system.
A Derbyshire swimming pool has been saved from closure.
The family of a man who was murdered nine years ago have said they have been "let down" by the justice system.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits producer, has reported a fall in sales for the first half of the financial year.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for the return of the Chagos Islands to the US.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to be asked to star alongside Matt Damon in The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, but admits it was "the antithesis of what our culture has come to be".
Sri Lankan pirates have freed the crew of a tanker seized off the coast of Somalia, officials say.
A young girl has been fostered by a Muslim family in east London.
A fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry is being treated as arson.
A traffic restriction on a busy street has been reintroduced in a bid to reduce the number of people entering the area.
BMW has reported a jump in profits for the first three months of the year, helped by the sale of its stake in mapping technology firm Here.
Being optimistic about the future is linked to lower death risk, a study suggests.
Glasgow Airport has announced plans to fly two new routes between Dumfries and Galloway.
A man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at an airport in Florida has been charged with murder.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in nearly nine years in the fourth quarter of 2015, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have discovered the world's largest groundwater reserves in sub-Saharan Africa.
Charlton moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over fellow strugglers Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 internationals Sam Rae and Manu Bhatti on two-year deals.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa with a knee injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales.
Wimbledon is the oldest major tennis tournament in the world.
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Lanarkshire.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are the most likely UK cities to suffer from a "hard" Brexit, according to a new analysis.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in southern Italy after a huge wildfire broke out.
A woman has been appointed as the new bishop of Gloucester.
Alassane Ouattara, president of Ivorian Republic of Congo, has been re-elected for a second term in office.
If you want to know what's going on at the world's biggest events, you might want to ask Eventbrite chief executive Amit Aggarwal.
Ospreys moved into second place in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingsley Jones' Stadium.
When I heard that Zica, the name of a popular Indian car brand, was going to be used by millions of people across the world, I was a bit taken aback.
General Motors has said it will stop making cars in India, as part of a restructuring plan.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Hibernian midfielder Ryan Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Ken Zohore for any player in the Championship this season.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was beaten to death outside a bar in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, Camilla, have paid a surprise visit to a South African fruit stall in south-east London.
More than 400 whales have been stranded on a beach in New Zealand, officials say.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans not to boo his side in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Three British teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of travelling to Syria have been released, Scotland Yard has said.
Dyfed-Powys and north Wales police forces have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog for reducing crime.
Ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts in Birmingham about taking over schools caught up in claims of extremism.
Turkish Super League champions Galatasaray have signed Morocco striker Omar Belhanda on a two-year deal.
A man who was convicted of threatening to blow up Robin Hood Airport has appealed against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it time for a leaderless organisation where no boss is needed?
A plane forced to make an emergency landing at a Birmingham airport because of a fault in its landing gear has been cleared by an accident report.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the one-day series against South Africa, which starts in June.
A Glasgow hospital has apologised after a mobile ophthalmic theatre was used to carry out operations on 62 patients.
German prosecutors have gone on trial in Dresden accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum-seeker shelters.
All political parties should reflect on the impact of EU funding on the Welsh economy, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, who carried out the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103, has died at the age of 87.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq.
A video has gone viral of people swimming and canoeing in flood water in parts of the UK.
TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to 31 March, compared with the same period a year earlier.
Heineken has been told by the UK's competition watchdog to submit plans for its takeover of Punch pubs.
A new technology centre is to be set up in Aberdeen to help oil and gas operators develop new solutions to problems in the North Sea.
Sunderland striker Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply" of drugs in the Republic of Ireland have been jailed.
Schools in England are being asked to set up web pages in the run-up to the BBC's School Report News Day on 16 March 2017.
An Iron Age hill fort in Rhondda Cynon Taff may have been a stronghold of a Silurian tribe for much later than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
A gun has been fired at a police car in Londonderry.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets to protest against the closure of Kids Company, the children's charity that provides support for vulnerable young people.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of wasting up to £6m on running a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children could face poverty as a result of government changes to benefits, say campaigners.
Scotland's workforce needs to be more flexible and adapt to the impact of technological change, according to a new report.
A US judge has sentenced a former al-Qaeda suspect to life in prison for bombing two US embassies.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage winger Kadeem Harris from Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The UK government's decision to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point is a major blow to the relationship between the two countries.
Tributes have been paid to a Glamorgan cricketer who has died in hospital.
A senior al-Qaeda figure, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, has been killed in a US drone strike in Libya.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City and Manchester United midfielder Matt McShane on a two-year deal.
Tommy Williams scored his first goal for Doncaster as they came from behind to beat Doncaster.
Nottingham Forest activist John Collymore has withdrawn his interest in becoming the club's new chairman.
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch at their Super League match against Widnes.
Plans for a £100m redevelopment of Keynsham town centre have been given the go-ahead by a council.
Connacht have signed New Zealand prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a charity out of thousands of pounds.
Too many offenders in England and Wales are being turned away from unpaid work by the courts, a report has found.
Tommy Seymour will start for the British and Irish Lions against the Hurricanes in Dublin on Tuesday.
Adele's latest single, Hello, has become the most downloaded song of the year in the UK.
The search for a man who has been missing for more than a week has been "excruciating", police have said.
Talks aimed at resolving a long-running dispute over pay and conditions for Durham's teaching assistants have broken down.
Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said she has received "hundreds" of supportive messages from people in England and Wales in the run-up to the general election.
The melting of Arctic sea ice is set to continue for at least another week, the BBC has learned.
A man who became the first gay man in the UK to marry has said he has received death threats and threats since the ceremony.
Cornwall won the Bill Beaumont Cup for the first time in their history as they beat Surrey 27-11 in the final.
A virtual reality version of the Alice in Wonderland story has been launched in Conwy to celebrate the town's 150th anniversary.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Plans to improve the A1 in Worthing have been branded a "sham" by two councils.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and his Uefa counterpart Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years.
Archaeologists have discovered a square megalithic monument in a Gloucestershire village.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Cardiff Devils are the best team in the Elite League, according to head coach Rob Bowns.
A boy who developed a rare neuromuscular disorder after being vaccinated against a flu jab has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police are investigating reports of people dressing up as clowns in Cardiff.
A former IRA member who was acquitted of membership of a terrorist organisation has lost a High Court bid to have secret recordings of his interviews made public.
Cardiff City midfielder Ezequiel Ecuele Manga has been ruled out of the rest of the season with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers scored two first-half goals to beat Cambridge United in the EFL Cup first round.
It's been a tough few years for UKIP MEP David Gill.
A motorcyclist who died in a crash on the A9 near Strachan has been named by police.
Bees could be driven closer to extinction if the UK's wet weather continues, a charity has warned.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to take military action in Syria has been hailed as a historic moment for the UK.
A gunman has opened fire on a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding at least six people, police say.
Sony is to stop selling its Reader e-readers in Europe, the company has confirmed.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors from the Temple Mount complex in Jerusalem's Old City in the wake of the killing of two Israeli police officers.
A summit to discuss ways to reduce the risk of flooding in Wales has been held in Cardiff.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams who can fight to win the Premier League title this season.
A police dog has been put down after being attacked by a dog handler.
A chatbot called Eugene has passed the Turing Test for the first time, according to the organisers of a competition in London.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's squad for the Rio Olympics.
Olympic judo champion Mohamed El Shehaby has withdrawn from the men's middleweight final after being booed for refusing to shake his hand.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the most diverse countries on the continent.
Scientists in Japan have developed a 3D scan that can detect a protein in the brain that causes Alzheimer's disease.
Johanna Konta says she is not worried about being the favourite to win the women's singles title at Wimbledon.
The roll-out of the UK's smart meters programme has been delayed for another 18 months.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a motion calling for the penalty for parking offences to be reduced to £45.
A senior Conservative activist has told the BBC that a dossier detailing allegations of bullying within the party was handed to the party's chairman in 2010.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Holyhead.
St Ronan's Bessbrook reached the All-Ireland Football semi-finals with a 0-15 to 0-12 win over St Mary's Magherafelt.
Two high-resolution Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A schoolboy from a poor village in northern India has passed his secondary school exams.
Marine accident investigators have called for an urgent review of lifejacket testing following the deaths of three fishermen.
More than 1,000 ancient sites have been discovered in Egypt using satellite imagery, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester.
The final episode of BBC One's romantic comedy sitcom Miranda has been watched by a record number of viewers.
Apple unveiled the $10,000 Apple Watch at its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on Monday.
A company that makes sea salt from Loch Erisort in Aberdeenshire has been bought by supermarket chain Sainsbury's.
Councils have been inundated with "slightly amusing" customer service queries in the past year, says the Local Government Association.
The only painted representation of the coronation of Henry VIII has been found in a park in County Durham.
Plans for a McDonald's restaurant in Aberdeenshire have been given the go-ahead by the planning inspector.
Mental health patients detained in custody for "unacceptable hours" are being sent to A&E, a hospital's chief constable has said.
Tiger Woods says he feels like a "five-year-old" after announcing his retirement from golf.
It will be Cardiff's turn to host the Champions League final.
Take-Two has teamed up with the NBA to create an e-sports league in the US.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire.
It has been a year since the world number one rankings were introduced.
Aston Villa have signed striker Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan from Manchester City.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Tour de France for the third time with victory in the Dauphine.
Former Elvis Presley road manager John Esposito has died at the age of 83.
(Close): Shares in Easyjet and Madame Tussuad were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday.
One of the last flying Lancasters of World War Two has been grounded at an airfield after an engine fault.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title last season is a "tragedy", says Chelsea manager Antonio Conte.
If you want to see a rock band or solo artist perform live in your town, you might want to think again.
Microsoft has announced a complete collection of its Halo games for the Xbox One.
Tributes have been paid to the musicians and performers who have died in recent days.
Home Secretary Theresa May should consider banning two US speakers from entering the UK, a committee of MPs has said.
US President Barack Obama has called on Democrats to "send some signals of unity" in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory.
At least 20 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a train crash in the Himalayas, Indian police say.
Glamorgan have announced a new schedule for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
A woman has been charged with drink-driving after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
A police officer has described the "horrific carnage" that followed the deaths of two students at a nightclub.
A woman and her two-year-old child have been raped in a "very traumatic ordeal".
Former world number one Jimmy Carter says he is "a million miles away" from the top level after being beaten by Michael Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
A woman who was diagnosed with brain tumour and forced to postpone her wedding has died.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates unchanged.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the Brazilian capital, Brasilia, ahead of the World Cup qualifying match between Italy and Uruguay.
Cardiff City missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised for making a reference to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested in Peru after posing naked at Machu Picchu, officials say.
At least four chemicals have exploded at a warehouse in the Chinese port city of Tianjin, officials say.
More than 4,600 teachers in England are working alongside unqualified staff, according to a teachers' union survey.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Glasgow city centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is determined to lead Labour into the next general election.
A new analysis of DNA from ancient burials has shed light on the genetic makeup of Europe.
The owner of a boutique which has been linked to the so-called Islamic State group has said she is considering changing its name.
Police Scotland has been contacted by another former pupil about claims of historical abuse at Gordonstoun School in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said his party will commit to a "clear plan" for a fully integrated railway in public ownership.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was abducted and raped by a teacher in France has said she has no intention of speaking to the press.
Borussia Dortmund have signed France Under-19 international forward Yannick Bolasie from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in June, according to official figures.
Nigeria coach Victor Oliseh says he is "very pleased" with the progress his side have made in the Dutch top flight.
All pictures are copyrighted and subject to copyright.
One of the world's longest aircraft has left its home base for the first time in more than 50 years.
A couple from Wiltshire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
A group of giant ice balls have been discovered in Siberia.
Channel Island football club Guernsey have been told they will have to pay £10,000 to play in the FA Cup.
Comic-book legend Stan Lee is to star in a new film, according to reports.
A new cyber security group is being set up in Denbighshire.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
More than half of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Qatar tested positive for banned drugs, according to a study by Harvard University.
Wicketkeeper-batsman James Vince says playing in the T20 Blast will be "an ideal" opportunity to help England win the World Cup.
A Scottish singer has found the grave of his great great grandfather, whose story inspired his song Dora.
Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been painted green for the first time in more than 40 years.
Saracens scrum-half Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
The new Avengers movie will be called Avengers: Age of Ultron, director Joss Whedon has announced.
Every morning at Moco-Moco Primary School, one of the oldest in the world, a small blue bell rings out.
A snake thought to be one of the deadliest snakes in the world has been euthanised by the Scottish SPCA.
A convicted paedophile who travelled to the US to have sex with two young brothers has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
The world's biggest wrestling organisation is making its debut in China, and it's not the first time it's done so.
Police in the US state of Texas are investigating the deaths of at least 20 people who were trapped in a trailer outside a Walmart store in San Antonio.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head while trying to protect two young children at a house in Londonderry has been awarded a bravery medal.
The maker of Irn Bru and Funkin has reported a rise in sales, but warned of a "volatile and uncertain" soft drinks market.
A black man has been shot dead by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, hours after the teenager was killed by a white officer.
Madonna's been busy promoting her new album, Rebel Heart, and it's been a good few weeks.
Matt Grigg's injury-time goal earned Wigan a point against fellow League One strugglers Colchester.
Charli XCX has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.
Facebook and Apple are expanding their maternity leave policies to include egg freezing and cryopreservation as part of their support for infertility treatment.
Muhammad Ali would have picked Wladimir Klitschko and Joe Frazier apart, according to former WBC heavyweight champion Bill Shavers.
The Bank of England has held its key interest rate at 0.5%.
When the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs in the best-of-seven World Series at Wrigley Field on Sunday, it would be the first time the two teams have played in the same World Series.
The Queen has delivered the first of a series of Brexit bills to the House of Commons.
The RSPCA should be allowed to choose its cases to suit its "political and commercial needs", an MP has said.
Google has expanded its Street View service to include images of the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of people have taken part in a charity swim in the seaside town of Tenby.
HSBC has appointed former Prudential chief executive David Tucker as its new chief executive.
The US will sustain a durable international effort to counter climate change, says its lead negotiator, Dr David Pershing.
Michael Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he went missing from a nightclub.
The government is set to publish its draft plan for tackling air pollution in the UK by the end of the year, the BBC has learned.
A £1.5m memorial to police officers and staff who have died in the line of duty has been unveiled.
James Whyte and Conor Forsythe scored in stoppage time as Crusaders beat Linfield to reach the Irish Cup semi-finals.
ScotRail has announced plans to create up to 100 new train drivers in Scotland.
The FBI has accused Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak of misusing millions of dollars from the state investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu hanfon i wahanol lefydd hefyd yn ôl yr angen.
Police in Germany say they are investigating a growing number of fake fathers claiming to be the fathers of migrant children.
Fines for data breaches in the UK have risen by more than a third in the past year, according to research by PwC.
The Turin Shroud, one of the world's largest public displays of the shroud, has gone on display in the Italian city.
Plans to charge people from outside the UK for using the NHS in Wales are an "absolute distraction", the health secretary has said.
North Korea has said it carried out a hydrogen bomb test on Wednesday.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of retired clergyman John McDonagh.
A campaign group has accused the Scottish government of a "sham consultation" over its named person policy.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Everton midfielder James Browning on a season-long loan deal.
Thousands of people from across Scotland are being recruited to take part in a new study into family health.
David is still walking down the street in the French city of Aubervilliers.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher after the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the first time this year.
Daimler, Germany's second-biggest carmaker, has reported a rise in sales in the second quarter of the year, helped by a strong performance in China.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said the government of Syria does not have the right to kill its opponents.
Nintendo has reported a bigger-than-expected loss for the first three months of the year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles fell.
Huddersfield missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were beaten at Burton Albion.
It's not every day you see a road sign with the word "claer" written on it.
A British aid worker who was abducted and beheaded in Pakistan was killed because a ransom had not been paid, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Caroline Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A High Court judge has ruled in favour of a scheme to build underground power lines in Gwynedd.
China has launched its first online court, allowing people to take legal action in cyber-space for the first time.
Samsung C&T, the South Korean mobile phone firm, has been approved by shareholders in the US conglomerate.
A council is to auction a statue of an Egyptian court official to reinvest the money into a town's culture and heritage.
Lancashire have been relegated from Division One of the County Championship for the first time in their history.
A "heavy gambler" dismembered and burned his friend's body before setting it on fire, a court has heard.
Former UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has become the latest prominent figure to fall foul of the law.
Rangers cruised to a comfortable victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Uganda has said it will withdraw its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of £5m from the government, it has been announced.
A teenager from Exmouth has set a new world record for the fastest single-handed sailor round the Isle of Wight.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Chris Sidwell says he wants to stay in the Premier League next season.
A former health board boss who moved to Wales because she was unable to get cancer treatment in Nice has called for more investment in the NHS.
Matt Disley scored a late winner as Forest Green beat Grimsby to keep alive their hopes of automatic promotion from League Two.
A giant model of a crystal made of atoms has been unveiled in London to attempt to break the world record for the largest ever crystal arrangement.
Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry into Bill Clinton's affairs, has died at the age of 93.
Belfast's transport minister Michael Hazzard has outlined plans to extend bus lanes in the city.
Donald Trump's election risks driving a wedge between Britain and the EU just when both sides need it least, according to Atlanticist analysis.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to revert to the 2015 qualifying system for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Britain's Paul Perry reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship with a 6-3 win over American Mark Bingham.
Ukrainian and Russian TV channels have been airing conflicting accounts of the fighting between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian separatists in the east of the country.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries as Worcestershire fought back on day three against Leicestershire at Edgbaston.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in the wake of the death of Glasgow shopkeeper Shoaib Shah.
Spotify has announced plans to offer non-music content to millions of users across the globe.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Simon Mignolet needs to make a "perfect" save for his side's second-half comeback against Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles on a plane.
A former Royal Navy chaplain has written a children's book about the Falklands War to help children and adults cope with life outside the military.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson set a new world record in the long jump to win the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
There has been a rise in the popularity of politicians perceived to be "authentic".
Southampton have signed midfielder Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended its decision to allow an AM to stand for the party's leadership after a row over racial slurs.
Police in Australia say they are "very much in the gathering of evidence" over the death of five people in a plane crash.
A German court has sentenced a Dutch Nazi war criminal to life in prison for killing three people during World War Two.
A Palestinian woman who died after her home was set on fire in the occupied West Bank has been named by Israeli officials.
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has been re-elected for a third term in office.
Borrowers are more confident about making repayments on unsecured loans than they were in the first quarter of the year, a bank has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
More than 130 jobs have been put at risk by the closure of Glasgow's Arches nightclub, according to the Scottish government.
Lonmin, the world's biggest platinum producer, has announced plans to raise $1.5bn (£1.6bn) in a share sale.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who has gone missing has appealed for help to find him.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed full-back Alex O'Meara on a two-year deal.
Work is being carried out to repair a railway station which has been closed for more than a year.
Torquay made it back-to-back National League wins with a 2-0 victory over North Ferriby.
The Foreign Office has defended the government after more than 100,000 people signed a petition calling for a second EU referendum.
A man who murdered teenager Paige Williams has been given a further life sentence.
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge to the election of the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
A prize awarded to the funniest children's book author is to be re-launched.
A Somali government minister has been shot dead by security forces in the capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Huddersfield Town goalkeeper James Ward says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A teenager's body was found in a park on Christmas Eve, an inquest has heard.
A selection of photographs from around the world taken in the past 24 hours.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Reading and Wokingham.
Canada's federal government has launched an inquiry into the deaths of indigenous women in the country.
A Kuwaiti man who was held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released, his lawyer says.
A new breast implant registry is to be set up to allow patients who received faulty implants to be traced swiftly, the NHS has announced.
A self-driving robot has been run over by a building in San Francisco, California.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl in Bristol.
If you want to be a video game maker, you have to start at the age of 11.
Bob Jungels won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Movistar's Gorka Izagirre retained the overall lead.
The rise in international visitors to the UK has been fuelled by the fall in the value of the pound.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is considering an application for the release of an Irishman who has been accused of inciting violence in Egypt.
A florist in Reading has been targeted by a phishing scam.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a bill to ban the cross-examination of rape victims by lawyers who ask questions about their sexual history.
Former Rangers youth coach David Durrant has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal Ladies have reached the Women's Super League One semi-finals for the first time in their history.
Cornish Reds head coach Dave Churcher says his side's front five led the way in their win over Chinnor.
As Wales coach, I'm looking forward to the next phase of my career.
A leading candidate in the race to become the next leader of the UK Independence Party has been allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the main draw for the Nottingham Open.
The owner of a van Gogh painting hung in a cafe in Reading has said it is "not a known work" by the artist.
A new exhibition of rare and endangered giraffes has opened in London.
The European Space Agency has announced that it will delay the launch of a rover on Mars in 2020.
Meet Katie, she's a runner who's been taking part in the London Marathon.
Tom Davies hit a career-best 43 as Surrey beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's to reach the T20 Blast final.
French police have ended security checks at Paris Central Station after a suspected terrorist attack.
Scientists have used 3D imaging to identify cancerous cells in the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai as monsoon rains continue to cause flooding.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are locked in a tight race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
At least 10 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a group of vigilantes in north-eastern Nigeria, an MP has told the BBC.
With just over a month to go until the general election, there are still a few bills to deal with in the House of Commons.
It is one of the most iconic buildings in the world.
Jess Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster ride.
Microsoft has teamed up with five Spanish telecommunications firms to build the world's highest-capacity sub-sea cable.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham in Norfolk.
The father of Edward Snowden, the former US intelligence contractor who leaked thousands of classified documents, has visited his son in Russia.
Scientists have developed a device that can safely transmit power to a rabbit, using the same electromagnetic wave as a cell phone.
Salford Red Devils full-back Tom Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured after a car overturned on the M4 in County Tyrone.
The Cuban government has said it is "disappointed" by President Donald Trump's new policy on relations with the US.
The number of cases of measles in south west Wales has risen to its highest level since 2010, Public Health Wales has said.
A Chinese passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing all 162 people on board.
Two new species of magnolia have been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
The role of carers in supporting children's development has been set out in a new Welsh government plan.
A Scottish astronaut has played bagpipes while on a mission to the International Space Centre.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" when he returns to training on Tuesday.
England Under-19 midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Brondby.
A couple from Falkirk have scooped £55m in the Euromillions jackpot.
It's been a day of tragedy in the Belgian capital, Brussels.
A former Soviet soldier has appeared in court in the US in connection with an attack on US forces in Afghanistan.
Perth City Council has agreed to allow detailed negotiations to take place on plans to turn the city's former concert hall into a hotel.
Mark Macphee is delighted Northern Ireland have qualified for next summer's Euro 2016 finals despite missing out on the group stage.
Badgers in England are to be vaccinated against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
The world's most common urinary catheters should be a state of the art product, a leading doctor has said.
Chelsea striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Sunday.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two new colognes featuring the names of revolutionary leaders Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez.
A Conservative councillor has resigned after a racist tweet was posted on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University has been urged to address "specific and overarching issues" following an incident involving its medical students.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world have visited the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in the Czech Republic.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
Formula 1 bosses have announced a series of major changes to the sport over the next two years.
A shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged after a car was stolen from the premises.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 31-year-old man was found dead at his home in Glasgow.
The ejector seats of a jet that crashed on to the A27 in Sussex in August 2014 were not updated for more than a year, investigators have said.
There was a lot of talk on social media about Narendra Modi's performance at the UN World Yoga Day in New York.
A collection of old photographs from Liverpool's city centre has gone on display for the first time.
The University of Manchester has announced plans for a new £35m cancer research centre in Manchester.
Britain won the men's and women's 10,000m races at the Edinburgh International Cross Country, with Kenya's David Korir winning the women's race.
A fire has broken out at a Victorian mansion house in Edinburgh.
Wolves defender Gylfi Bodvarsson says the club's new manager Paul Lambert has sent a "clear message" to his players.
The demolition of a former factory in Foyle, County Londonderry, has begun.
A man who stabbed a man to death and stole a number of items including a TV, games console and guitars has been jailed.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a fall in half-year profits, but said it remains "confident" of the outlook for the business.
An event is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of Ipswich Airport's closure.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing vessel crashed into a wind turbine off the coast of Cumbria.
A three-year-old boy has been reunited with his lost lion toy after it was returned to his father's home.
The idea that soldiers are living in trenches all the time is "shocking", according to a new study.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to adopt sign language as their official language.
A new map of the wiring of the developing human brain has been created by scientists in the UK.
Wayne Rooney should remain England captain until the end of the 2018 World Cup, says former captain Frank Lampard.
A car has crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
For many European leaders, the UK's vote to leave the EU is a referendum on their future.
A man has been charged with murder after a woman was found dead in a street.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work to supplement the family income.
Demolition of a Denbighshire hospital could be delayed because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 higher after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates at a record low.
The head of Virgin Money Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to lead a review of the student support system in Scotland.
SeaWorld has been given permission to expand its orca tank in San Diego.
It was the last full match day of the 2016-17 English Football League season.
Derbyshire have released all three of their players, including James Milnes, Liam Lewis and Adam McKay, from their contracts.
The slowdown in the UK housing market may have been due to a lull in the number of first-time buyers, according to surveyors.
The leader of the Newport Regeneration Group has said he is "confident" a vote on the M4 relief road will be held.
A British soldier has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said.
If you're a new user of Twitter, you might want to check back regularly to see if you've missed anything.
Liverpool reached the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a stunning victory over Borussia Dortmund at Anfield.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the title track for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said she will launch a legal challenge against the Northern Ireland secretary.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by a shipping company.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should not be given a two-year ban for taking anabolic steroids, says former world champion Martina Minichiello.
Girls and boys are to be recruited to sing in Gloucester Cathedral for the first time.
Great Britain's women suffered a 2-2 overtime defeat by North Korea in their opening game of the Women's EuroHockey Championship.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of Hurricane Matthew on Haiti.
Skyscanner has reported record revenues for 2015, helped by strong growth in the number of people using its website.
The first all-new taxi factory in the West Midlands has opened.
A third man has been arrested in connection with a shooting in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the significance of the United Nations.
The value of the pound has fallen by more than 50% since November, according to the Bank of England.
A new whisky distillery is to open in the Borders.
BBC Radio 1 is to move its Official Chart Show from Sunday to Friday evenings for the first time in more than a decade.
Tens of thousands of people are dying every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will be the "dominant force" in tennis going forward if he stays fit and healthy, says former world number one Martyn Henman.
Michael Higgins won his first ranking title with a 10-6 victory over Mark Bingham in the final of the World Championship.
Schools in the United States have the highest number of sleep deprived students, according to a study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has taken to the streets of Washington for his first official day in office.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation after a former scout said he was sexually abused by a scout in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Powys have been submitted to Powys council.
Newcastle United striker Jonny Evans and Newcastle midfielder N'Golo Cisse could face up to a three-match ban for spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy has died after suffering a head injury at a party in south London.
Cardiff City midfielder David Hoilett says he was "100% ready" to work under Neil Warnock.
The RMT union has accused the Scottish government of "a fallacy" over claims that train operator Abellio is making a profit.
Former Ireland batsman Kate Shillington has retired from one-day internationals after her side were beaten by South Africa in their World Twenty20 qualifier.
West Ham referee Mike Dean has been criticised for his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Manchester United, with former players calling him "disgraceful".
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) offered "no evidence" in 70% of dropped Crown Court cases last year, according to new figures.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four of Wales' seven health boards have gone into deficit, according to the latest figures from the Welsh Government.
South African gymnast Ben MacKenzie says he feels "more South African than British" as he prepares to compete for Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after another woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday after the US unemployment rate fell slightly to 4.4% in April.
A man accused of killing a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in the conflict, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling will not be unhappy with his contract this summer.
There's been a lot of talk about hot weather in the UK this week.
A minimum price of 45p per unit of alcohol should be introduced in England and Wales to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, a public health review says.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show after more than 20 years in the role.
The Scottish government has made payments totalling Â£343m to farmers and crofters, the agriculture minister has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from teaching after being convicted of driving, alcohol, drugs, harassment and fraud offences.
Fans of Nintendo's Switch console have complained of "stuck or dead pixels" in the middle of the screen, the Japanese company has said.
Carl Frampton will take on Leo Santa Cruz in a world featherweight unification bout on Saturday night.
A bus lane in Lancashire which has been closed for more than a year has been extended.
Sean Ervine hit a career-best century as Hampshire dominated Somerset on day two at Taunton.
Photographer Stella O'Neill has been photographing the Middle East for her new series, NOUR by Caster.
More than a third of people accessing Google's Chrome browser have been caught out by malicious extensions, research suggests.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no desire" to revisit the issue of a republic.
Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as Newcastle beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Boxing is a sport that has taught us a lot about life in the ring.
Theresa May has been campaigning in the West Midlands and Yorkshire, and Jeremy Corbyn is on the front line in the general election.
A film about the life of a Tibetan monk has been screened at his former monastery in Dumfries.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for the elderly in England.
A teenager has gone on trial accused of causing the death of a woman by careless driving.
There is "no compelling evidence" a tumble dryer caused a fire which killed two men, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned all military personnel from drinking and driving on the Japanese island of Okinawa, following an alleged drink-driving incident.
The House of Commons has voted overwhelmingly in favour of a secret ballot on the re-election of the Speaker John Bercow.
Gangnam Style, the video by Psy, has become the most-watched YouTube video of all time.
Widnes Vikings maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers.
Doctors in Ukraine have given birth to a baby girl using DNA from three people.
A hospital trust in Cumbria has been placed in special measures following a review of its services.
Gareth O'Brien's last-minute drop-goal secured Hull KR's place in the Super League final against Salford Red Devils.
When Chilla Bangsa graduated from Indonesian school Kharisma Bangsa, she was excited.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship for the first time in their history as they were beaten by Nottingham Forest.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables they did not eat at home, a survey suggests.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed into a garden in Stoke-on-Trent.
A captain of a container ship has been fined for having excess alcohol while on duty.
The choice of Mexico's central bank governor as the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has been hotly debated.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in the Iranian capital, Tehran, amid growing diplomatic tensions between the two countries.
League Two leaders Stevenage were held to a goalless draw at Cambridge.
Star Wars actor Harrison Davis has said he is "shocked" after his caravan was stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to speak at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre (EICC) later this month.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of full face veils was justifiable.
A man has appeared in court charged with the display of a banner at Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Rangers.
Footage has emerged of a shopper hitting a woman with a packet of bacon in Greater Manchester.
At a house in La Paz in Bolivia's north-eastern province of La Paza, a small box of film fragments was found.
The US Federal Reserve has said it expects to raise interest rates by 0.25% in December.
A disabled Isle of Wight MP has been asked to stand down as the party's candidate in the general election.
Do you know what it takes to become a WWE Superstar?
The popular mobile game Flappy Bird has been removed from the market.
Hundreds of people have lined the streets of Brighton to protest against the rising number of people drowning on the English Channel.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to help the Queen in her duties as head of state.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the French Open with a straight-set win over Milos Raonic.
The trial of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has heard that he hit a toilet door with a cricket bat before the shots were fired.
The World War Two conflict in Afghanistan was the most devastating in the history of the country.