More than 1,000 one-bedroom flats have been built in Wales in the past year, according to a homeless charity.
A man has been arrested after firearms and ammunition were seized in Edinburgh.
Four people have appeared in court in Chicago accused of beating a black teenager to death in a video made for Facebook Live.
West Bromwich Albion's youth academy director David McDiarmid has left the club by mutual consent.
A five-day fasting diet could help people with type-1 and type-2 diabetes, say scientists.
Should there be a public inquiry into the proposed merger of Essilor and Luxottica?
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Class programme.
When a comedy club opened in Austin, Texas, in 2009 it was the only improv theatre in the US.
BT shares soared after the regulator Ofcom said the company would not be broken up.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says he is looking forward to the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers at Hampden Park.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of undergraduate and postgraduate places by 1,000.
An NHS trust has apologised after the wrong patient information leaflets were added to hospital appointment letters.
The shadow foreign secretary has said the Labour party is "very lenient" in its efforts to secure amendments to the Brexit bill.
Torquay United captain Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Kieran O'Kane to Bournemouth.
A man who was found dead in the Menai Strait could have been suicidal, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Fletcher Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has called for a "tremendous paradigm shift" in the way US scientists access data on climate change.
Brad Bradbury, drummer in The Specials, has died at the age of 69.
Tiger Woods is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Former England striker Geraint Cole has warned he faces a "long road ahead" if he attempts to donate a kidney for the first time.
Pakistan has lifted a ban on YouTube, which was imposed after a controversial video about blasphemy was uploaded.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Rhys Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Liam Doull says winning an Olympic gold medal is "unbelievable".
More than 100 people have been killed in floods in the southern Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
Have you ever dreamed of getting married on skis?
Royal Bank of Scotland has been fined $1.5bn (£1.2bn) by Hong Kong regulators for its role in the rigging of key interbank lending rates.
The Baftas have always been a big night for acting, but this year's ceremony was no exception.
Andy Murray's remarkable run of form has come at a cost.
A South African rapper has been shot dead in the capital, Pretoria.
A shot has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, police have said.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill missed out on a place in the 800m final at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Austria.
The Manor Racing team has collapsed into administration, leaving 10 teams on the grid in Australia.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has fallen by more than a third.
Have you got a question about the pound and the dollar?
A teenager from Northumberland has been named the BBC's Alternative Model of the Year.
A Falklands War statue which has graced Portsmouth seafront for more than 40 years is to be moved to a new museum site.
A 27-year-old man has appeared in court charged with breaching a terror control order, the BBC has learned.
Former Sussex all-rounder Chris Anyon has been appointed as the new head coach of the women's side.
Bury have signed former Shrewsbury Town midfielder Ryan Brown on a two-year deal.
In the past few years, Disney's fairy tales have been relegated to the realm of fairy tales.
The Eurovision Song Contest was under way in Kiev on Saturday.
When The Beatles played at Liverpool's Cavern Club in the early 1970s, they were the first punk band to play in the city.
South Africa has proposed raising the minimum wage to 12,000 rand ($1; £1) a year.
Ethiopia's former Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has died at the age of 88.
Azhar Ali became the first player to score 1,000 Test runs as Australia took control of the second Test against Pakistan in Melbourne.
The SNP has won the Edinburgh North and Leith by-election.
Russia has said it will continue its air strikes in Syria despite growing tensions with the US.
Scarlets have signed Llandovery and Scarlets lock Rhys Hughes on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia, accusing Moscow of interfering in the US election.
Labour's plan to scrap tuition fees in England would cost the government £11.2bn per year, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
The last day of work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show crash will be Friday, the fire service has said.
The former director of the FBI has said he is "willing" to share details of President Donald Trump's conversations with him.
The Obamas have held a private party in New York, the White House has confirmed.
A number of roads in County Londonderry have been closed to traffic for safety reasons.
Mental health is a very important issue for many of us.
The US state of Alabama has opened an investigation into whether To Kill A Mockingbird author Cindy Lee consented to the release of a new book.
The US has suspended talks with Russia aimed at ending the conflict in Syria, the state department has said.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has been elected as the city's first Muslim mayor.
A video of children singing a song about a new vicar has gone viral after it was posted online.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks with a knee injury suffered in Sunday's win over Everton.
A man has been killed in a fire on a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen, police say.
A passenger plane has been hit by a drone close to an airport in Cornwall.
A seal has been rescued after being tangled in netting in a Fife beach.
An archive of letters from the world's most famous author has been uncovered by a library in Edinburgh.
Leeds City Council's John Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Ingalls Wilder says she's "frightened" by the prospect of appearing on BBC One's Later.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still be a Premier League player.
Exeter City have made a pre-tax profit for the first time in their history.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole at a training centre.
Scottish businesses have reported a stronger-than-expected performance in 2017, according to a survey.
An inquiry into allegations undercover police spied on the family of Stephen Lawrence has been ordered by the home secretary.
New Zealand won the Webb Ellis trophy for the first time in their history as they came from behind to beat South Africa in the World Cup quarter-finals.
A radar study is being carried out to "understand" why a 17th Century obelisk has been struck by lightning twice in its history.
Inditex, the owner of Zara, has reported a rise in full-year profits, helped by a surge in sales in Spain.
Lady Gaga's Super Bowl half-time performance in Houston on Sunday will be one of the most anticipated shows of her career.
Victims of the Rochdale gang are still being ignored by police, a woman who was sexually abused by the gang has said.
A shop in the centre of Glasgow has been closed for a second day after a water main burst.
A growing number of people have been posting comments against the US government's proposed net neutrality rules online.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club needs to "rebuild" its facilities if they are to compete at the highest level.
Moana has topped the US box office for the first time in five years.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Miami Open with a straight-set win over Laura Robson.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being stabbed in Londonderry.
Scientists in Brazil have identified a species of bat that carried the Ebola virus that killed four-year-old Emile de Kirchner in 2014.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he could play at the World Championship if his wife gives birth.
Work to remove a section of a Grade ll pier from Aberdeen Harbour has been approved by councillors.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the University of Oxford's planned housing development in Oxford.
A school trust has written to parents warning them of the "unthinkable" cuts to its finances.
Plans to create national parks in some of the world's most remote areas have been criticised by campaigners.
Human remains have been found alongside a motorway slip road in West Mercia, police have said.
Colombia's Andrei Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's middleweight with a unanimous points win over Russia's Jose Martinez in Rio.
University support staff in England are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
East Dunbartonshire Council has said it is concerned by the Scottish government's decision to close a primary school.
Japan legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with FC Tokyo.
Indian security forces have clashed with protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the death of a prominent militant.
The result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union has been announced by the European Central Bank (ECB).
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter has left the Premiership club to take up a teaching position at a college in Shropshire.
A health board has apologised to the family of patients who died after being treated like animals at a mental health ward.
A man who inflicted "gratuitous violence" on two men in Londonderry has been jailed.
Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after testing positive for a banned substance.
Three men have admitted conspiring to supply cocaine with an estimated street value of £1m.
Police in Scotland are to begin using Tasers when confronted with a genuine threat to themselves or the public.
The Glasgow-based engineering firm ID Systems has secured a £1.5m loan and equity backing from UKSE.
A Brazilian footballer who was on board a plane that crashed in Colombia on Friday has been flown to the Colombian city of Medellin.
Comedian Peter Robinson has said plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge are "a really old-fashioned one".
Everton secured their place in the Europa League group stage with a comfortable win over Wolfsburg.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Ryan Bishop has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London.
It's one of the most deadly cancers in the world, and prostate cancer is the most common cause of death in men.
Christian Wade scored two tries as Wasps came from behind to beat bottom side Worcester and move up to second in the Premiership.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in a gun attack on a museum in the capital, Tunis, officials say.
Iraqi forces have captured Mosul airport from Islamic State (IS) militants, according to new satellite images.
There is "absolutely no danger" of a major disruption on the Reading to London railway line during the Easter break, Network Rail has said.
A company has been granted a permit to drill for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Online retailer Amazon has announced that sales made through its subsidiaries in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy will be registered in Europe from 1 May.
Junior doctors in England are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United have signed England Under-20 midfielder Jack Kenny on loan from Barnsley until the end of the season.
A Gloucestershire college has been awarded £1.5m in government grants to upgrade its buildings.
The Football Association's chief executive is to meet the family of ex-footballer Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of heading footballs.
The average wealth gap between the rich and the poor is about $50m (Â£40m), according to the head of a wealth management firm.
Sale Sharks have signed teenage duo Tom and Tom Jones on a two-year deal.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
The UN Security Council has rejected a plan by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a nuclear disarmament review.
Plans to devolve control over fracking in Wales have been criticised by the Welsh government.
Tyson Fury's decision to pull out of his world heavyweight title rematch with Tony Bellew because of depression has been described as a "train of thought".
England head coach Eddie Jones is expected to name a number of new faces in his England squad for the autumn Tests.
A collection of paintings by a World War One veteran has gone on display for the first time.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football was premature, according to former Celtic boss Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a fence in Aberdeenshire.
Workers at the Post Office in England and Wales are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pensions.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party has said he would rather go to Sinn FÃ©in or the SDLP than a nationalist party.
Drugs with an estimated street value of £1m have been seized in County Londonderry.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said there is a "great opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley says his side's recent run of form is a testament to their "hard work ethic".
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of demands imposed by four Gulf states on Qatar.
UKIP leadership contender Ched Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader.
A taxi driver has been charged with raping a woman in the Indian capital, Delhi, police say.
As Wales' team reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016 in Bordeaux, the national anthem was still playing in the background.
Renfrewshire has been named as the 10 most deprived areas in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic silver medallists Paul Cassells and Paul Scrimgeour won the men's lightweight double sculls title at the Rotterdam Championships on Friday.
Kilmarnock have signed midfielder Ryan Johnston from Kirkcaldy for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £1m.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Swansea City came from behind to beat Liverpool and secure Francesco Guidolin's first win as manager.
The Irish Rugby Board (IRB) has announced that Sam Chalmers has been found guilty of doping.
Radiohead, Radiohead and Kasabian will headline this year's T in the Park music festival, organisers have announced.
North Korea has restarted operations at its Yongbyon nuclear reactor, the White House has said.
Human bones have been found during a 13-day search for a man who has been missing for more than 30 years.
If you want to know what the 'Good Doctor' has in store for Salford, you need to ask the radio station.
Ciara Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight runs in their World Twenty20 qualifying match.
A hospital where a man died after being mistakenly fed a pill has been placed in special measures.
Britain's Mark Cavendish has qualified for the quarter-finals of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Paris.
Northern Ireland's health minister has said the extra £100m will be allocated to emergency departments and waiting lists.
The Winklevosses, the brothers of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, have filed a second lawsuit against the social network, this time against the company.
A 16-year-old boy has been killed in a crash with a car.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's most successful spies.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker Ryan Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier has been arrested on suspicion of making indecent images of children, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
A care home has been rated "unsatisfactory" by inspectors for its quality of care and support.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was reported to police in north London.
More than 50,000 homes and businesses in Lancaster have been left without power.
A High Court judge has quashed a government refusal to accept plans for a 1,000-home horseracing development.
Local businesses have been asked to pay compensation for the loss of almost six months of trade after the new Valu-4-U ferry was launched.
Lille have signed Tunisia international midfielder Adama Sliti for an undisclosed fee.
Leah Sharpe has been visiting the International Space Station in Kazakhstan.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A civilian aircraft has landed at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after it failed to communicate with a military aircraft.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
The 2015 European Championship kicks off in France on Friday, 10 June.
Great Britain will play Greece in a warm-up game before the start of the 2017-18 EuroBasket season in London on Friday.
Australia reached the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Wales.
Scotland scrum-half Dan Strauss says Vern Cotter's departure from Glasgow will give the team an "extra edge" ahead of the Six Nations opener against Ireland.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has called for greater US involvement in the fight against Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
The personal details of more than 100 people have been accessed by the City of Edinburgh Council in a "malicious cyber attack".
Syrian rebel forces have declared the start of the battle against government forces in response to escalating violations of the cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service, has announced that it is launching its own adverts.
Dexter Hall has been shortlisted for the Hyundai Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been cleared of assaulting a male prisoner more than 20 years ago.
Business Secretary Alun Cairns has called for cross-party consensus on the UK's exit from the European Union.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called on the home secretary to introduce a 'Hillsborough Law' to protect them.
People who post "grossly offensive" material online could face criminal charges, under new laws.
Zarifa, the 15-year-old boy who was shot dead by Indian security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir on Sunday, was a typical boy.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four companies have been selected to run the rail franchise for south Wales, the Welsh Government has announced.
BBC Scotland presenter Robbie MacLeod is to step down from his show after 35 years of presenting traditional Scottish music.
Carlisle United manager Chris Coleman says he is "really upset" by the way the League Two club has handled their recent postponements.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a fake bomb was found in a toilet at Old Trafford.
Accrington Stanley reached the EFL Cup second round for the first time in their history with a 3-2 win over Preston North End.
A man who was left out of pocket after his tools were stolen from a cat charity shop has said he has been offered £50 to charity.
Kirsty Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after pleading guilty to bank fraud.
A series of books of condolence have been opened in the Irish city of Limerick in memory of broadcaster Sir Terry Evans.
The Scottish government has been urged to make "cast iron assurances" about the future of orders at the Clyde shipyard.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has been on fire for much of the second day of voting in the race for the party's nomination.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest, beating Russia and Australia.
Lifeguards are to be present at a beach where five men drowned last year, a council has said.
Partick Thistle captain Gary Osman says he would be "disappointed" if manager Alan Archibald leaves the club.
Ten suspected members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group have been arrested in Canada, police say.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Hull City midfielder James Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The government has said it will spend an extra £500m a year on treating foreign nationals visiting the UK.
Belfast Giants moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 5-3 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
The first steam locomotive to run on the East Coast mainline has arrived in New York.
A former head teacher at a school where he was jailed for sexually abusing boys has been awarded compensation.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has topped the UK and Irish box office with a record-breaking opening weekend.
Kirsty Williamson says she has no memories of a crash at the World Championships in Rotterdam which left her paralysed.
Men and women could be living to the age of 87 in the next 20 years, according to a new study.
The chief executive of England and Wales' police and crime commissioners has resigned from his post after appearing on Question Time.
In the wake of the downgrade of China's credit rating, one of the world's most influential economists, Stephen King, has said that the country's debt problem is "not likely to be sustainable".
Plans for a 10-mile (16km) super sewer tunnel in central London have been backed by a leading expert.
A tidal lagoon operator has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "unrealistic and grossly misleading" claims about its impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A China Eastern Airlines flight has been forced to make an emergency landing at Sydney airport after an engine problem.
A woman who was refused entry to the UK because of her low income status has said she is "very hopeful" she will be allowed to stay.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic youth coach Tomas Fitzel says a 16-team top-flight would be a good idea for Scotland.
Democratic Republic of Congo's electoral commission has appointed former opposition leader Joseph Kabila as its new leader.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored his first Wycombe goal for the club as they beat Exeter.
Journalists at Australia's largest newspaper publisher are to go on strike in a dispute over job cuts.
Jockey Ryan Moore is the best jockey in the world at the moment, according to his trainer Richard Hannon.
Colombia's Farc rebel group has agreed to resume peace talks with the government after the release of three of its most senior soldiers.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association over the conduct of their players.
Octopuses that turn dark and spread their web in a "Nosferatu pose" are likely to show aggression, a study suggests.
British number one Laura Robson has signed a new contract with Nottingham Tennis Club.
Human rights workers in the Democratic Republic of Congo have discovered the remains of more than 100 people buried in a cemetery in the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint Southampton manager Ronald Koeman as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The government's White Paper on housing has been a breath of fresh air.
The Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) says it has carried out an attack on a Kurdish village in northern Iraq that left at least 11 people dead.
A body has been found in woods in North Lanarkshire.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi is the world's most expensive player, according to a new study.
The solar-powered plane Solar Impulse has left China's port city of Nanjing.
A police and crime commissioner who was suspended for visiting a murder victim's family has been cleared of misconduct.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as US President Franklin D Roosevelt on US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 83.
Michael McAuley says Northern Ireland's 1-0 win over Ukraine in their Euro 2016 opener was a "wonderful team performance".
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected by the Supreme Court.
The daughter of a woman who was stabbed to death by her husband and her 13-year-old son has said she will miss them "every day".
A number of US citizens have been detained in North Korea for more than a year.
South Korea's education minister has said he is "deeply regret" over a mistake in a national high school test.
Rugby league club All Golds are seeking a permanent home for their home in Gloucester.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to "isolacise" him from his family.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will race for Great Britain in the 2017 Tour of Britain.
A charity worker has admitted a £1m fraud.
A Dalit woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has said she was beaten up with chappals, sticks and a stick by a group of women.
Turkey has said it will continue its military operations in northern Syria until all terrorist elements have been neutralised.
Mae gyd-esgobion yn dweud yn cael ei anfon gan yr Esgobaeth yng Nghymru.
Toshiba is in talks with banks to raise funds to help it cut costs, according to reports.
James Anderson says England will have to "pull their fingers out" to beat Pakistan by nine wickets in the fourth Test.
British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland says Henry Henry was left out of his side's squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed former MK Dons midfielder David Hodson on a two-year deal.
A decanter has been donated to Inverness Museum to mark the centenary of the Highland Clearances.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death with a cake knife after a row over money for sex has been jailed for life.
The illegal sale of guns and ammunition on the dark web has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man who used to be the world's heaviest has had surgery to remove his excess skin.
A new class of drugs has been discovered that could help treat aggressive, drug-resistant prostate cancer, say researchers at the Institute of Cancer Research.
The Europa League will be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16, Uefa has announced.
Teachers should discuss the dangers of female genital mutilation (FGM) with parents, a teachers' union has said.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in a park in Londonderry.
Swansea City have "lost their way" in their bid to return to the Premier League, according to former manager Alan Curtis.
More than 200,000 Welsh students have repaid their student loans in 2017-18, according to the latest figures.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of pretending to be a pilot of a foreign commercial airline.
David Cameron has said "too many cases" of people coming to the UK as husbands and wives are not learning English.
The number of children in working families in Wales in poverty has risen by more than a third in the past five years, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for travelling to their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day.
Schools in Guinea have reopened, four days after the country was hit by the Ebola outbreak.
(Close): London's leading shares have fallen for the second day in a row, dragged down by falling oil prices.
The sister of a woman who was murdered by a man in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago has said she is "angry and fearful".
A former Russian prime minister has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silence encouragement" after a controversial video appeared on social media.
Louis van Gaal had a joke about the way his side beat Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.
Brewing giant BrewDog has raised more than £50m to fund expansion plans in the United States.
Tata Steel workers have agreed to accept changes to their pension scheme in return for it remaining open.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of the K-cup coffee pods, has been bought by a private company.
A university has apologised after a poster saying Jennifer Lawrence wished she had used a password security system.
A man has been stabbed to death in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side's lack of international selection is not a surprise.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after completing a 38-game unbeaten run.
Plans for a new student accommodation at the University of Aberdeen have been put on hold until the end of the year.
A council has said it is "disappointed" by the absence of a Paw Patrol character at a Christmas lights event in Northern Ireland.
Colin Calderwood has joined Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion as assistant manager.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he is relishing the prospect of captaining the British and Irish Lions on their tour of New Zealand.
England's performance against Scotland was very different to what they did against Scotland.
Great Britain's men missed out on a place in the final of the men's 4x100m relay at the World Championships in London.
Two people have been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a bus in Fife.
A 21-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a crash with a forklift in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says she is inspired by the work of former world champion Virgil van Dijk.
It's 70 years since the first atomic strike in World War Two.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Peter Drumm has been granted bail in the Republic of Ireland.
Malagasy singer Lala Njava is one of Africa's best-known musicians.
It's been a long time since Myanmar's people were allowed to vote.
When I first met Ivan Lendl, I had never seen him hug before.
Teenagers in the UK are calling for the lowering of the voting age for 16 and 17-year-olds.
Fernando Alonso's departure from McLaren in the summer was the biggest blow to Mercedes boss Toto Wolff's hopes of winning the world title.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, a study suggests.
Two adults and two children have been rescued from a beach in Weston-super-Mare.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he has changed his mind on plans to make assisted suicide legal in England and Wales.
Leicester City's sacking of manager Claudio Ranieri was a "panic decision", says Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's deadly garment factory collapse in the capital, Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 3-0 to win the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history.
The death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive Polonium 210, has been described as one of the most remarkable and sensitive murder cases in modern times.
A health board has been fined £154,054 by the auditor general for failing to properly fund an organ donation challenge.
An elderly woman has been hit by a bin lorry in Glasgow city centre.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi.
A man has denied helping victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at the challenges facing Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle on the site of his former home has been told to tear it down or face jail.
The first trams have taken to the streets of Nottingham for the first time in more than two years.
Vans used for a DIY SOS project have been stolen as part of a series of thefts, the BBC has said.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss for 2015 for the first time in its history.
EE and Three are the best mobile operators in the UK, according to a study.
A man who drove a rollercoaster across Dumfries in a bid to get home from a night out drinking with a friend has been given a community order.
When the demolition of Vila Uniao, a neighbourhood in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro, was announced in December 2012, it was marked with graffiti.
An ageing nuclear reactor in Kent is to be allowed to run until the start of 2023, the government has said.
A US man who shot dead a lion in Zimbabwe has been questioned by police over the killing of Cecil the lion.
A Scotch whisky maker is to celebrate the 200th anniversary of its launch on Islay.
Artist John Hockney has told an inquest how acid severely burned his body before perforating his stomach.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has made history at the Rio Olympics.
A flight from Edinburgh to Chicago has been diverted to Edinburgh after a fuel leak.
The Great City Games is to be held in Manchester in the wake of the Manchester bombing, the UK government has confirmed.
The government spent £8.3bn on converting 203 state schools in England to academies in the two years to March 2012, according to a report.
Russell Knox arrived at the Royal Birkdale Royal Golf Club on Tuesday with a smile on his face.
The mother of Charlene Downes, who went missing 13 years ago, has said she is taking legal action against Lancashire Police.
Police in Brazil investigating allegations of bribery by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach have found emails from his office.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
The English Football League has confirmed the first round of the Carabao Cup will be held in Thailand.
A baby marmoset that was stolen from a zoo in Australia has been reunited with its mother.
Women in the intelligence services are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has described the Westminster terror attack as a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Powell has announced she is expecting her third child.
A lorry driver who killed two people in a crash has been jailed for six years.
A woman who was diagnosed with gender dysphoria at the age of 69 has said she has finally been able to live as a transgender person.
Astronomers have discovered a baby Jupiter-like planet.
Thousands of peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport ahead of the Nato summit on nuclear disarmament.
A man has been arrested in connection with a cyber-attack on Kate Middleton's iCloud account.
The Polish embassy in London is investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against Polish nationals in London and Cambridgeshire.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and London Irish flanker Rob McCusker on a two-year deal.
Gunmen have attacked a motorcade carrying 250,000 euros (£200,000) in cash and documents from the Saudi embassy in Paris, French media report.
The words 'woman in a man's world' often come to mind when you think of the Olympics.
More than 2,600 telephone customers and broadband customers in Shetland have been affected by power cuts caused by "blown rectifiers and fuses".
A convent school has said it will no longer offer a prom because of the "financial strain" of the event.
Mohamed al-Hussein sits on the grass next to the football stadium in Edirne.
Former Charlton Athletic chief executive Paul Porter has left the club by mutual consent.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has said she was unable to resist the temptation of a glass of wine at the State of the Union address last month.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has resigned, saying he has "left nothing in the tank".
Labour has accused the Conservative Party of "promoting personal attacks" on its MPs on social media.
Police have appealed for information about a taxi driver they want to speak to in connection with an attempted kidnap.
A food truck is to take on more than 10,000 former gang members who have made a commitment to change their lives away from violence and crime.
A man who raped a woman in Cessnock more than 20 years ago has been arrested in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at the city's police headquarters.
A paedophile who groomed a 14-year-old boy via social media and offered to pay his bus fare has been jailed for 16 years.
Samantha Williams has arrived at the International Space Station (ISS) for the first time.
A councillor has been warned she faces a High Court injunction for taking part in protests against tree removal works in Sheffield.
Team Sky's leader Dave Brailsford is "completely behind" the team's anti-doping director, Geraint Thomas has said.
Snap, the messaging app owned by Snapchat, has unveiled a new set of augmented reality glasses.
Guinea-Bissau have been granted permission to play in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers in Gabon.
David Cameron has said it is "very important" that grammar schools in Kent are allowed to expand.
Samir Richarlison scored twice as Bristol City came from behind to beat Watford in the Premier League.
Prisoners at a prison in Kent have been locked in their cells for three days after a series of disturbances.
England captain Joe Root says coach Peter Moores has given him the "best out" of his career.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann says it is "mathematically impossible" for his side to reach the League One play-offs.
A public inquiry has been launched into plans to build 1,000 homes on a site in Maidstone.
A railway line which has been closed for more than a month has reopened.
A detective who claimed to have found a monkey on a colleague's desk has been paid Â£35,000 by the Metropolitan Police.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants security officials to kill journalists if they do anything wrong.
A man has died after being attacked by a shark in Western Australia.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a kayak at a lifeboat event in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's most prosperous countries.
A toddler who died after being left alone in a bath suffered "many and terrible injuries", a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen hailed his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat St Johnstone.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend.
Three firefighters have been praised for saving the life of a man who was trapped in a crushed car.
More than 1,500 armed police officers are to be in place in London by the end of the year, Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial electoral reform bill.
(Close): Wall Street ended the week on a higher note, with banks leading the way.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a three-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Olympic gold medallists Katie Cox, Hannah Peacock and Hannah Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the IPC Athletics World Championships in London.
An Afghan man who says he was raped by his wife has threatened to kill himself unless the country's president takes action against the perpetrators.
A man who broke into his girlfriend's flat and threatened to kill her has been jailed for two years.
Jonathan Trott hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset were held to a draw by Warwickshire.
Mickey Demetriou scored a late free-kick as Newport County beat Yeovil Town to move up to second in League Two.
Jack Grealish scored twice as England came from behind to beat Guinea 4-1 in their opening match at the Confederations Cup.
Kirsty Thornberry has resigned from the Labour Party after posting a picture of herself with a cross of St George on the side of a house in Rochester.
The Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter has filed a lawsuit against Universal Music, alleging that the label misclassified their music as digital downloads.
A delegation of Scottish oil and gas companies has arrived in Myanmar for a trade mission.
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has played a key role in the migration crisis that has seen thousands of Haitians deported from the country.
A tower block in Surrey is to double its capacity to accommodate more than 13,000 people.
Nelson Linganzi has signed a new contract with Portsmouth.
Ulster have made three changes to their squad for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre after the return of Jordan Henderson and Danny Bowe.
Plans to turn a Brecon Beacons pub into a convenience store have been rejected by councillors.
Ballymena United moved up to second in the Scottish League Two table with a comfortable win over Dunfermline Athletic.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to deal with refugees from the Middle East.
Leading scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to clarify its decision to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops.
A school has been accused of breaching its uniform policy by a four-year-old girl wearing a headscarf.
A man who defrauded the government out of more than £39,000 has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of killing his great-grandfather in a car crash in Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Birmingham City's record-breaking start to the Women's Super League season has been helped by record crowds at the World Cup.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said it is "difficult" to return to frontline politics after a 20-year gap.
Jose Mourinho says his Chelsea side's performance against Manchester United was "less than you think".
The quality of care of older people in residential care in Wales is to be reviewed.
S4C has appointed David Evans as its new leader.
Mae etholiad cyffredinol arwyddocaol wedi dweud eu gorau i lesteirio amserlen y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
Scientists are to carry out a major study into the mystery of as-yet undescribed human remains.
Liverpool midfielder Mamadou Sakho's case against the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) over a failed drugs test has been dismissed by Uefa.
UK scientists have called for the introduction of genetically modified (GM) crops in the UK.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the military's deputy chief of staff of exaggerating the Holocaust.
An investigation into the future of S4C has been launched by the Welsh Office.
A major engineering project to upgrade a railway tunnel between Edinburgh and Glasgow is to be completed this month.
The owner of Liverpool, Sheikh Hasawi, is in talks to sell the club to a US consortium.
The results of the GCSEs in England and Wales have been published for the first time this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its global growth forecasts for this year and 2017, saying the risks posed by the global economic situation have increased.
Texas Governor Rick Perry has been named as the most popular Republican candidate for the party's presidential nomination.
Leicester Tigers have signed Bristol wing Ellis Genge on a season-long loan deal.
Changes to the tax disc system at the DVLA in Swansea may reduce the number of jobs there, the transport minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says better wickets are the only way they can improve their form in the County Championship.
If you want to know what Facebook has in store for you in Silicon Valley, you might want to check out the town of Menlo Park in California.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 12-year-old Bailey at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United left-back Matt Smith on a two-year deal.
Three teenagers have been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a street attack.
As the final ceremony of the Paralympics was held in Olympic Park on Sunday night, there was a sense of relief in the air.
The Sykes-Picot map, which laid the foundation of the Middle East's political order, has been redrawn and redrawn for the first time in more than 100 years.
Celtic winger Scott Roberts says he is relishing the prospect of returning to Manchester City at the end of the season.
Premier League clubs have more than doubled their spending on agents' fees for the 2016-17 season, according to new figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper David Gilmartin and ex-Plymouth Argyle goalkeeper James Brill.
Dingledine Dingledine is one of the most controversial figures in the world of hacking.
A man has been found guilty of unlawfully killing his wife at their home.
Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" on the opening day of Scotland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Malta in Malta.
Coventry missed the chance to go top of League One as they were beaten at Bury.
The Australian government has said it has negotiated the return of 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers to Vietnam.
Marc Marquez won the MotoGP title for the first time in his career with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Olympic coxless champion Katie Glover says she hopes she and Polly Swann will be on the same page for the rest of the season.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of "losing their commitment to fairness".
China's industrial output rose at its fastest pace in three months in April, according to a closely watched survey.
What do Microsoft's research labs have in common?
The results of the general election in Wales have been announced.
Hartlepool United have signed Mansfield Town striker Alex Tshibola on loan until the end of the season and Mansfield Stags striker Chris Bingham on a season-long loan deal.
Voting has begun in the Merseyside general election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Bangor, County Down, in a bid to raise awareness of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer has announced plans to close its factory in Yeovil with the loss of 230 jobs.
A man has denied kidnapping a woman who was being questioned by police about who she was seeing.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the island of Rockall as UK territory in 1955.
The Beatles' manager has been recognised for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life.
Alfreton Athletic have signed midfielder Ryan Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists have published a new strategy for the UK's bioenergy infrastructure.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that whoever leads the next government may have to increase taxes or cut spending a bit more than currently planned.
Sophie Raworth is to return to BBC One's Watchdog as a journalist.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) says it will take legal action against a Fifa member who has a conflict of interest.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a schoolgirl who was found partially naked on her bed.
The BBC's licence fee has helped boost the economy in the north of England, according to the corporation.
World number one Ding Junhui beat world number one Mark Williams 10-6 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US says it will continue to press Bahrain on its human rights concerns.
A ticket signed by The Beatles at their first UK tour in 1968 is to be auctioned.
The quality and cost of support for young people leaving care in England is "poor and worsening", says a committee of MPs.
Schools and colleges should be told to promote "fundamental British values", a teachers' union has said.
A body has been found in the search for a missing man in Denbighshire.
Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" to describe black actors is " disingenuous", says David Oyelowo.
Vulnerable people in care homes and care homes in England are being denied their liberty unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher's policies during her time as prime minister have been widely credited with saving the UK economy.
BP and GDF Suez have discovered a new oil and gas discovery in the UK Continental Shelf.
Red Bull have confirmed they are no longer interested in supplying Mercedes with engines for the 2016 season.
A cruise ship that ran aground off the coast of Alabama last week has been towed to a US port after passengers complained of filthy conditions.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 30-18 win over London Irish.
Guernsey's Land Use Department has launched a public consultation on the potential for development in the island.
Slumdog Millionaire will be screened in the Scottish village of Kingussie later.
James Trescothick and Chris Trego hit centuries as Somerset fought back against Middlesex on day two of their One-Day Cup match.
A former Met Police counter-terrorism officer has found evidence of a "co-ordinated agenda" to impose an intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos in schools in Birmingham.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been hit by power cuts.
A woman in the Vietnamese capital, Hanoi, has become the first person to give a cash gift for medical treatment.
Argentina has said it will prosecute three British oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands.
Two former Saracens players have died at the age of 25 after a short illness.
An Italian woman who has lived for more than 90 years has died aged 112.
Scarlets head coach Steve Owens says Racing 92 have the "complete package" to beat them.
Widnes Vikings moved up to second in Super League with a bonus-point win over St Helens.
A woman who was ineligible to compete for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past has said she would never return to the sport.
Maria Sharapova returned to the top of the world rankings with a straight-set win at the Stuttgart Open.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan's Hideki Matsuyama in straight sets to reach the second round of the Aegon Classic in Birmingham.
Falkirk manager Neil Houston says he is open to the possibility of signing a younger striker.
French President Francois Hollande has said the EU must be "effective where it is needed" and not "at what price".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of "wilfully dishonest" over his party's record on immigration.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds of government funding is to be used to fund weekly bin collections in England.
Archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the world's oldest "geoglyphs".
Shaul Walsh kicked a late try as Catalans Dragons beat Hull FC in the first round of the Challenge Cup.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal, called Metal Knight.
New Cardiff City manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been sacked after seven games in charge of the Championship club.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says the club must learn from their "difficult" start to the Premier League season.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Williams has been re-elected.
The Queen has eaten at a Scottish inn linked to the Royals.
Stephen Paul Copoc was a father-of-two from Garston, Liverpool, who died in the Hillsborough disaster.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for the murder of a transgender woman.
Former world number one Ian Fleming says players should be banned from tennis if they are found to be involved in match-fixing.
The US military is considering transferring transgender soldier Chelsea Manning to civilian prison, the Pentagon has said.
David Cameron is to meet Iain Duncan Smith to discuss the future of the Conservative Party after the former deputy prime minister resigned over welfare cuts.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the South Korea Open in the second round.
For many, it meant spending time with family and friends.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Kyle McClean from Perth United for an undisclosed fee.
Disney is one of the most powerful companies in the world, according to a children's author.
More than 437,000 students have been accepted on to university courses in England since 2013, according to official figures.
The use of phosphorus on grasslands in the world is set to rise by 80% by 2050.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he is considering restrictions on foreign homeownership.
A 12-year-old boy has had a liver transplant after a 12-month wait, his grandmother has said.
A woman who defrauded a charity out of Â£2,000 to pay for a charity trip to Tanzania has been given a suspended sentence.
A police officer who sexually abused a teenage girl has been jailed for six years.
ScotRail has agreed a deal with the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A humpback whale has been spotted off the west coast of Scotland.
Cambridge Panthers beat Sheffield Devils 4-1 to move within a point of the Elite League play-off places.
Former Miss America Helen Williams has been invited back to the Miss America pageant for the first time in 32 years after resigning in 1984.
Bidders have been invited to bid for the decommissioned Royal Navy flagships that are being stored in a Portsmouth scrapyard.
A company has submitted a business case for the Western Isles electricity interconnector.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been released from captivity in Algeria.
Goals from Jack Grigg and Ben Marshall helped Wigan to a comfortable win over Blackburn at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to be taken to hospital than non-diabetic children, according to research.
Nottingham Forest were held to a draw by Preston North End in the Championship.
The father of a Venezuelan man shot dead by security forces in Caracas has called on President Nicolás Maduro to clear his son's name.
A former member of the IRA has been ordered to hand over his personal memoirs to Boston College.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop.
A strain of bird flu has been found at a turkey rearing farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning thousands of refugees to Nigeria from Cameroon.
The family of a pupil who died after falling into a swimming pool have won a High Court battle over compensation.
The Gambia striker Idrissa Carayol says he is looking forward to representing the country at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, the electoral commission says.
Savings rates have fallen to their lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
The Forth Bridge has been recognised as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association has said that it is unwilling to pay off manager Gordon Strachan.
German scientists have developed a plan to grow jatropha trees in the Arabian desert to absorb up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide every year.
Scotland's political leaders have urged voters to reject the Conservatives and vote for the SNP in the general election.
Burkina Faso's government has asked France to declassify military documents relating to the assassination of former President Blaise Compaore, his lawyer has said.
A bridge in the southern Indian state of Goa has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
Edinburgh's 455 traffic hotspots could cost drivers £5.1bn by 2025, according to a new report.
A man who secretly filmed women and children in Falkirk has been placed on the sex offenders register.
Police in the Netherlands have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being held against their will.
Hamilton Academical manager Tommy Wright says he will take "the hardest punishment" he can get with his players after they were sent off in the 2-2 draw with Hamilton.
Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist.
Thousands of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the festival of the breaking of the fast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed in Wolverhampton.
A woman who was found dead in a men's prison told her partner she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of bankruptcies in Scotland rose to its highest level since 2005-06, according to new figures.
Eleven children have been taken to hospital after being hit by a trailer at a school reception school.
Andy Murray is set to win the Davis Cup for the first time in his career when he takes on a Scot in the final on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his fight with Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service in Rome, condemning the persecution of Christians by Islamist militants.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to report the name of the gunman who killed 12 people at a cinema in Aurora, Colorado.
Bolivian authorities say they are prepared to take action against a locust swarm that has killed more than 100 people in the past week.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by England at Hampden.
The emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought, according to a new study.
Two polar bear cubs have been bred in Scotland for the first time.
Chris Martin will replace Martin at the Honda team at this year's Isle of Man TT, the team have confirmed.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison after being found guilty of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who was tasered by a white officer.
Shrewsbury and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in the EFL Cup first round.
Louis Vuitton's "I love you" tweet has been retweeted more than 750,000 times.
A Chilean court has sentenced a German man to life in prison for his role in the creation of a Nazi-era commune.
Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi has paid tribute to her predecessor Byron Davies by naming him her new MP.
If you were in a fairground, there would be a fair where you would be able to take on the man mountain.
A pub has been named the UK's best community pub.
The Mexican government has launched an investigation into allegations of medical fraud in the state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) has detected a new set of superparticles.
Gloucester City manager Mark Hughes says he would be able to sustain the club if he had £10 for every return to the city.
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the Dunfermline Marathon has taken place in Fife.
A teenager who was sexually assaulted at knifepoint by a man he had ordered to sell drugs has spoken out for the first time.
A US soldier has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the US military has said.
Zac Efron has been nominated for best actress at the Critics' Circle Film Awards.
Torquay United have confirmed the withdrawal of striker Ryan Spencer from their squad because of a knee injury.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A dolphin has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Spain after being approached by tourists who wanted to photograph it.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of masked men in Londonderry.
A doctor in County Antrim has launched a challenge to keep his patients exercising every day for a month.
Neeraj Kewlani is an avid campaigner for disability rights in India.
Power has been restored to thousands of homes in Northern Ireland after an equipment fault.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death.
Plans for a £1.5m cycle path in Londonderry have been rejected by councillors.
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is "on watch", according to a report.
The former head of MI5 has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq increased the level of terrorist activity in the UK.
Many Clouds has been ruled out of the Chase for the National Stakes at Aintree on Friday.
The chief executive of the Education Authority has said teacher's pay in Northern Ireland is higher than the average in other parts of the UK.
Wrexham Zoo is the UK's largest zoo.
The number of people arrested for drinking alcohol on planes has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to a BBC investigation.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a boy was found dead in a cellar in Germany.
The Green Party is considering electoral reform ahead of the general election, leader Caroline Lucas has said.
A mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect", a health watchdog has said.
Two gay Bangladeshi men have been hacked to death in the capital, Dhaka, in a "brutal act of violence", the US has said.
Rule The World has been retired from the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first doses of a vaccine for Ebola have arrived in Liberia ahead of a clinical trial.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with his disappearance.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles as a binman in Coronation Street, has died at the age of 74.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has fallen by more than a third, according to new figures.
A large-scale search is to begin in Vietnam for a botanist who has been missing for more than a month.
Fuel prices have risen by more than 5p per litre in the past month, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RAC).
Students at Oxford Brookes University have been told to "show consideration to their neighbours" after a number of complaints about their behaviour.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) has announced a series of new plays to mark the centenary of the birth of Will Miller.
A hospital has extended a ban on visitors to its accident and emergency department because of a norovirus outbreak.
A man has been charged after acid was thrown over two men.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance has been liquidated with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs, the European Court of Commerce has ruled.
Thousands of Jordanians have taken to the streets of the capital, Amman, to protest against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah.
The killer of Milly Dowler may have used a "covert tape" to record his confession to the murder, her family has said.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the use of cannabis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes deserves "enormous credit" for the club's consistency, according to former Rangers midfielder Lee Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a move to the Champions League.
President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan has died at the age of 86.
A recording of Led Zeppelin's first live performance in 1970 has been released by the BBC.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gareth Elwyn Jones looks at the history of Wales.
A prison officer has been attacked with a razor blade in County Antrim.
Online shoppers are expected to receive a surge in returns this week, with more than half of the items sent back last week.
Northern Ireland's health minister has warned that the future of the NHS in Northern Ireland is in doubt.
A schoolgirl who was killed in a coach crash in Belgium has returned to school to meet her friends.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move off the bottom of the Premiership.
Former Rangers midfielder Scott Daly says he would consider a move to Dundee United if the club offered him a new deal.
Derby County moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Ipswich.
Oil prices have risen to a fresh all-time high against the dollar.
A Chinese man has been arrested on suspicion of speeding in a "Fast and Furious" race, state media report.
Councils in England are failing to replace enough homes sold through the government's Right to Buy scheme, according to Shelter.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of Russian media.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in Birmingham and Coventry have been given the go-ahead.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car was stolen in Belfast.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ryan Tubbs on loan until the end of the season.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to take in 160,000 more migrants over the next two years, in response to the migrant crisis.
The owner of Northampton Town Football Club, David Cardoza, has been listed as the only director of a company which has gone into liquidation.
It's been a turbulent week for opposition groups in Russia.
Haiti's former police chief Guy Philippe has appeared in court in the US on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine.
Nurses are to be offered free accommodation at three hospitals in the south of England as part of a recruitment drive.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the Indian city of Mumbai, killing at least 30 people.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French prosecutor for allegedly leaking a sex tape to his team-mate.
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed midfielder Jack Chow on a two-year deal.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One of the County Championship with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire.
Thousands of people are taking part in Christmas Day swims in the sea, rivers and lidos across the UK.
Three Chinese weightlifters have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics for one year for doping.
The number of empty shops in Scotland has fallen for the first time in three years, according to a new report.
The UK will not be allowed to conduct bilateral discussions with certain countries in key economic zones and certain sectors, the EU has said.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after the country's creditors failed to reach a deal on its debt crisis.
German airline Lufthansa has lost a legal bid to halt a strike by its pilots.
Glastonbury Festival has admitted a single charge of breach of the public health after sewage leaked into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne has cut public spending by only half as much as he originally planned, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian side Liege on loan until the end of the season.
Wales scrum-half Ross Moriarty has described his first week with the British and Irish Lions as a "step up".
Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
Up to 1,000 jobs are at risk in Northern Ireland, the BBC understands.
The government should set a "bold new target" for delivering the UK's fastest broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A sculpture believed to be a man has been found in a river.
A man has been jailed for three years after being caught on camera grooming a teenage girl online.
Solihull Moors moved up to second in the National League with a 1-0 win at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has said the world is facing a "crisis of epic proportion" and pledged to take in 110,000 refugees by the end of the year.
Former Liberal Democrat leader David Laws has said it is "not likely" he would stand again as a member of parliament.
Human remains have been discovered at the Corn Exchange in Brighton.
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân wedi cael eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader.
A case worker is to be appointed to help people affected by flooding in York, the city council has said.
A woman who was seriously injured when her minibus was hit by a lorry at a hen party in Leeds has said she is lucky to be alive.
Police in Cuba have arrested more than 100 activists who were protesting against the government's treatment of dissidents.
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose by more than a third in March, according to new figures.
Police have warned tourists in Glasgow about the dangers of impersonating police officers.
The EU will not reopen trade deals with Canada and the US, the EU has said.
A chocolate maker has recreated the Battle of the Somme to mark Trafalgar Day.
A man has been saved from a cardiac arrest 17 times by the ambulance service.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah O'Neill led Great Britain's eight to victory in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Rowing Championships in Amsterdam.
The Kids Company charity has been accused of failing to investigate allegations of sexual assault at one of its sites.
A dog who has become a social media hit after being found wandering around a supermarket has been reunited with his owners.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable win over Shrewsbury Town.
South Africa's new mayor of Tshwane has said he will no longer use the luxury car he inherited from the previous mayor.
The Unite union has said it has been given assurances that the pensions of Bernard Matthews workers will be honoured.
A wheelchair user has been injured in an explosion at Beijing International Airport, state media report.
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker crashed on the M4 in Cardiff.
When Jean-Marc Bosman became the first Belgian footballer to win a European Union transfer fee, he was hailed as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
Dumfriesshire Council has said it is "extremely concerned" about the pace of progress made on a new disaster response centre.
Legoland has said it is working with the council to improve its traffic management.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" after being rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.
A 12-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglar who broke into her home and stole her grandmother's gold watch.
A teenager has been arrested after a machete was found in a street in south-east London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined Arizona Phoenix on a two-year deal.
Chelsea have signed Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas on a two-year deal.
A 20-year-old man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in New Zealand.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill will not be able to compete at the 2020 Games in Tokyo, says her coach Fabio Minichiello.
Will Miller scored a late equaliser as Burton Albion came from behind to draw at Molineux.
A pregnant mother and her young daughter were threatened with a gun during a burglary at their home in Manchester.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Borders has risen by 23% in the past year, according to new figures.
Bhutan is one of the world's most secretive countries.
Motherwell forward Christie Grant says Shelley Kerr is the best female head coach in British football.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade.
Plans to close a community hospital in Flintshire have been met with a public consultation.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon international Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly's late header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool in League Two.
The Welsh Assembly has voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite reservations.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Nawara Negmah looks at the role of the internet in Egypt's internet revolution.
The SNP has won a by-election in Ayrshire.
An appeals court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven leading earthquake experts.
A drug that boosts the immune system could be used in combination with antibiotics, a study suggests.
Police failed to properly investigate the sexual exploitation of children and young people who went missing from care, a report has found.
Zombies, zombies, zombies... they are everywhere.
Congolese singer Olomide has been taken to a court in the Democratic Republic of Congo after being arrested on suspicion of assault, the BBC understands.
Three convicted rapists have gone missing from a prison in Somerset.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
Kanye West has said he wants to create a "minimal apartment inside of a college dorm".
The British Airways (BAA) has apologised after flights were delayed at Edinburgh Airport due to a computer fault.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was found with a number of drugs.
Burma has declared a state of emergency in the restive state of Rakhine, which has been gripped by religious and ethnic violence since May.
Mafia members are more likely to leave school a year earlier than those involved in violent crimes, a study suggests.
Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of Salford Red Devils full-back Josh Tomkins on a three-year deal.
Airbus chief executive Didier Bregier has said he would reconsider investment in the UK if the country voted to leave the European Union.
The European Space Agency (Nasa) has confirmed the existence of a rocky planet orbiting a distant star.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Poland goalkeeper Tomas Boruc has left the club by mutual consent.
Two buildings designed to help fight pollution in China have been unveiled in the country.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a place in the final of the 10m synchronised platform at the Rio Olympics.
Alexis Sanchez scored his first FA Cup goal for Arsenal as they came from behind to beat Burnley at the Emirates Stadium.
The Irish government is to brief its cabinet colleagues over a report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers.
A student from Norwich has been turned down for a flat in the UK because of the Ebola outbreak.
The BBC is to extend its 10 o'clock News from Monday to Thursday, the corporation has announced.
The Rugby Players' Association (RCA) has warned that coaches are "a lot more vulnerable" than they had been in the past.
Leicester City assistant manager Craig Shakespeare is "almost out of order" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri as manager, says former England striker Paul Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a carer who took her own life.
Sony is to restart production of vinyl records for the first time in more than a decade.
A polar bear cub has been born in Scotland for the first time in more than a decade.
Sun exposure to the UK's summer sunshine is a "safe balance" between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new powers to tackle non-violent extremism in England and Wales.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre for young men with a rare form of muscular dystrophy to be set up in Wales.
A bridge damaged by flooding is to be closed for six months to repair its foundations.
Burns retained his WBC cruiserweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Carlos Beltran in Las Vegas.
Thousands of people have marched through the South African city of Durban to protest against xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a third floor flat.
MPs are to investigate the government's plans to alter the purdah period in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A man who wants to take Â£18,000 out of his pension pot is to receive the payment on Monday.
The Iron Age crannog estate in Monmouthshire is thought to be the oldest in Wales.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn six-figure salaries, according to figures obtained by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
The Battle of the Somme was one of the most important battles of World War One.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit the benefits paid to new EU migrants for up to four years.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl on a school trip has been jailed for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old boy was seriously injured in a street fight in Hove.
The two front-runners in the Republican presidential race have clashed over their tax plans in the first televised debate.
A man has been found dead in his car in Birmingham.
Ukrainian soldiers have left the rebel-held town of Debaltseve, the president says.
US rock band Revolution Radio have topped the album chart with their new album, Bang Bang.
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock boss Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Turkey has sacked more than 1,000 soldiers in the wake of last month's failed coup.
Councils in England and Wales are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of the SuperTed comic book series, is to make a new film about a polar bear.
At least two Egyptian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia, the country's transport agency has said.
A man who was beaten to death by a drug dealer has said he is "not ready to meet his attacker".
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the WGC-Dell Match Play at Royal Birkdale because of a back injury.
Exeter kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Cambridge.
The boss of Rolls-Royce has been accused of being a "scaremonger" over claims that the company could lose jobs in Derby.
Pakistan's cricket team's tour of Bangladesh has been postponed after one of its players was killed, Prime Minister Imran Khan has said.
Scientists have discovered a way to stop a deadly fungus invading the digestive tract of birds.
A plane has been struck by lightning while taking off from Manchester Airport.
Scientists have reconstructed the brain and nervous system of a new species of arthropod.
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a baby who went missing in 2004.
A campaign has been launched to stop drivers backing up to Thruxton on a holiday weekend after a road was closed next to Stonehenge Bottom.
The longest married couple in the UK have just celebrated their 86th birthday.
Birmingham City have held talks with striker Danny Caddis about his future.
England pace bowler James Johnson says he hopes the scars of his Ashes defeat will come back to haunt him.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won the 17th stage of the Tour de France as Team Sky retained the overall lead.
An Orange Hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
At least two people have been killed in a truck crash at a music festival in South Africa, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" over immigration, a former shadow culture secretary has said.
Seven fire engines could be scrapped in Suffolk as part of a £1.3m budget.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to enable encryption on their iOS operating systems.
US Defence Secretary Eric Schmidt has warned that mini-drones could be used as weapons of war by the US and Israel.
Northern Ireland is the best performing school system in Europe for maths and science, according to a new study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Masters at Augusta National.
The UK is considering whether to take military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Two care workers who pretended a frail woman knocked her head on a head board have been given a community order.
One in 100 babies born in England in 2015 was born addicted to drugs, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
The makers of Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised after a number of incorrect answers were given in the first production run of the game.
German police have searched the Olympic stadium in Berlin ahead of Saturday's Euro 2016 football match between Germany and the Netherlands.
Animals are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by power lines in the Arctic, according to new research.
US film company Imax plans to list its shares in Hong Kong on the Hong Kong stock market.
Four teenagers who died in a crash in Powys were "on a mission", an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been stopped by police on suspicion of driving a "gold fleet" of cars.
Liverpool Reds' Scooter Gennett has hit a career-best four-run homer in a game against Baltimore Orioles.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct in public office.
Andy Murray moved into the Davis Cup quarter-finals with a straight-set win over his father-in-law in Birmingham.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has visited the Somali capital, Mogadishu, for the first time.
England footballer Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "wonderful wife" who has died after a short battle with cancer.
A search is under way for a missing teenager off the coast of Devon.
A man who stabbed his great-grandfather to death was not psychotic, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club by mutual consent after Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe.
A new local TV service is to be launched by Ofcom, the broadcasting regulator has announced.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital after failing to make an approach to land as a formation.
Schools in India have bought a vegetarian book for their students, despite warnings that it contains "poisonous" content.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car in Bristol.
Aberystwyth's Victorian steam locomotives are being restored for the next generation as part of a drive to improve disability access.
Russian athletes have been accused of running away from mixed zone events to evade doping tests, according to a report.
The BBC News website looks at some of the top stories in the news in the UK this week.
A judge in Brazil has charged a prominent supporter of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption.
The world's largest police agency has launched a public appeal to help track down nine of the world's most wanted fugitives.
Chinese shares have fallen sharply after a closely watched survey showed the country's manufacturing sector contracted for the second month in a row.
Jono Gibbs has been appointed head coach of Ulster.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join her party.
Two people have been rescued after falling down a mountain in the Highlands.
ChemChina has been given the go-ahead to buy US pesticides and seeds maker Syngenta.
A man has been arrested in Sweden on suspicion of carrying out a terrorist attack in the capital, Stockholm.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves to move up to second in the Championship.
Forest Green Rovers have signed former National League side Leatherhead on a two-year deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to win back support, the party's chairman, Nigel Banks, has said.
The summer transfer window closed at the end of the season and the Scottish Premiership's bottom two teams were relegated from the top flight.
Marta is the only woman in her 20s in Venezuela who has access to basic goods.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Ryan Davis for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's David Grabarz won his second gold medal of the World Championships with victory in the men's 1.80m hurdles.
Substitute Joe Rogic scored a late winner as Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history.
Northern Ireland have signed former Crystal Palace midfielder Ryan Kettings on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A US judge has ruled that five al-Qaeda suspects accused of involvement in the 9/11 attacks will not be forced to attend a secret hearing.
Beyonce has been nominated for three Grammy Awards, including two for her album, Lemonade.
Plans for a new stadium in Truro and Falmouth have been branded "smoke and mirrors" by the prime minister.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is considering a move to Chelsea, BBC Radio Manchester reports.
League One side Bury have signed Dundee United striker Alex McDiarmid on a season-long loan deal.
The wreckage of a Spitfire that crashed during World War Two has been sold at auction for Â£1m.
Two major energy engineering firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 new jobs in Clydeside.
Two chicks have been hatched at a replica boar at a Gloucestershire castle.
The government's immigration cap has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a crisis in the NHS, MPs have said.
The AA has reported a 1.5% rise in the number of car insurance breakdown call-outs, following a rise in insurance premium tax.
Former Arsenal and Fulham striker Phil Allen is a fan of cats, but he's also a keen bird lover.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he hopes to see Easter Sunday fixed on the first Sunday after the spring equinox.
The Syrian city of Raqqa has been hit by air strikes by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, activists say.
When Jaguar Land Rover (MG) announced plans to create more than 1,000 jobs in the UK, it was hailed as a "huge confidence booster" for the industry.
Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Caton on a season-long loan from Shrewsbury Town.
A US appeals court has blocked President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers have been scrapped.
Michael Lee's late equaliser earned Burnley a point at Sheffield Wednesday.
Greggs, the UK's biggest bakery chain, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for the third quarter of the year.
South Korea's Jung Fischertakinou won gold in the show-jumping at the Rio Olympics as Great Britain's Sam Jung took silver.
The UK government has unveiled a plan to allow wind farm developers to sell part of their business to local communities.
A 39-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of two cats and a dog in Surrey.
A beach where a bodyboarder was killed by a river has become "extremely dangerous", a council has said.
When you think of humpback whales, it's easy to think of their foetuses.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold at 0.5%.
China's state media have launched a fresh attack on a UN tribunal's decision to invalidate a landmark arbitration ruling in the South China Sea.
Asian shares have fallen after the US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years.
David Warner hit a century as Australia and West Indies played out a draw in the third Test.
At least four people have been rescued from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf after flooding caused levees to collapse.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being assaulted in Caernarfon.
Two teenagers have been arrested after knives, scissors and cannabis were seized from a street in north London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Kunle Adegbola looks at the growing popularity of cricket in Nigeria.
The Bank of England's chief economist has warned that interest rates could remain lower for longer.
Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn has reported a record quarterly profit, helped by the launch of iPhones and tablet PCs.
Welsh saint Winefride, who was decapitated by a prince in the 7th Century, has been venerated for more than 1,300 years in her home town of Holywell.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone will take his team to the Interlagos circuit in Sao Paulo on Saturday, where he will attempt to win the Brazilian Grand Prix for the first time.
A man has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life.
Production at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil is to be decommissioned, the company has announced.
A 1,400-year-old mystery surrounding the location of Camelot has been solved.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring again, says manager Claudio Ranieri.
As the Conservative Party prepares to meet for the first time since the Thatcher era, BBC Radio 4's Analysis looks at whether the party is heading towards a collision with the EU.
Nick Clegg has said the Conservatives will cut "much deeper than is necessary" to balance the books and make the poorest bear the heaviest burden.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in London.
UKIP AM Paul Gill has said he would give up one of his posts if asked by the party's new leader, Paul Nuttall.
Channel 4 has been accused of breaching broadcasting code by filming a second series of Benefits Street.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (POA).
A man has written a letter to the National Trust asking for help in tracking down a photographer who took his last photograph of his wife.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of whitening creams, the country's pharmaceutical authority has said.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed over the handling of Brexit in the House of Lords.
More than 1,306 Islamic State (IS) militants have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq since 2 December 2015, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A hacker has hacked the website of Norwich International Airport to see if he could gain access to the airport's operations system.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been approved.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a Frenchman whose body was found in a house he shared with three other men.
A month ago, doctors in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, were forced to turn off body scanners.
Wasps maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at the Aviva Stadium.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in Edinburgh.
South African taxi driver Mziwamadoda Dewani has been cleared of murdering his wife Anni in their Cape Town honeymoon.
Plans for a shale gas fracking site in Lancashire have been given the go-ahead by the government.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has sacked the head of the government's consumer protection agency after he tried to close down a restaurant.
Downing Street has said it is "very enthusiastic" about the prospect of finding and restoring two World War Two Spitfire fighters buried in Burma.
Two men have been airlifted to safety after getting stuck on a ridge in the Vale of Glamorgan.
The detention of asylum seekers in England and Wales has been temporarily suspended amid concerns over the risk of unfairness.
It is tempting to look at the implications of the UK's new constitutional reforms as a bit nerve-wracking.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a car boot in Essex have been released.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock Europa is to open a new factory in London to help it diversify its client base.
When two brothers decided to enter a bottled beer competition, they didn't expect it to turn out to be a success.
Sterling has fallen sharply against the dollar and the yen ahead of the UK's EU referendum on whether to remain in the union.
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for soliciting a hitman to kill his wife has appealed against his conviction.
The body of a British man who was killed fighting alongside Kurdish forces fighting Islamic State militants in Syria has been flown back to the UK.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's (NSA) bulk collection of phone records is unconstitutional.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed West Bromwich Albion midfielder Anders Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Kennel staff have released a video showing how a dog was kept in a cage for two years before being destroyed.
Chuka Umunna has said there is "no glory in opposition" after withdrawing from the Labour leadership contest.
A man died after being hit by a boat off the coast of Gwynedd, an inquest has heard.
The Islamic State (IS) group has sentenced 25 men to death for their part in the massacre of more than 100 Shia recruits in Iraq in 2003.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by the Surfstitch Group for an undisclosed sum.
Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Chris Ambrose scored a hat-trick as Colchester beat Bradford to move up to second in League One.
A team of archaeologists has built 4,500-year-old Neolithic huts at Stonehenge.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Britain's Tony Parker will fight Mexico's Carlos Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title in New Zealand on 10 December.
Mae'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley's ban from international rugby is not preventing him from becoming England captain, says his boss.
The father of a US student who was held in North Korea for 15 months has said his son is in a coma.
The words "Alter Your Reality" may not seem like a word to most people.
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US agent who was shot dead in 2010.
The White House has condemned a series of hoax bomb threats to Jewish community centres in the US, saying they are "unacceptable".
If you look at the stats from Saturday's Six Nations match between England and Italy, it is easy to see why they are so close to a Grand Slam.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has announced a major project to develop self-driving technology.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect further disruption and cancellations if a strike by Network Rail signallers goes ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal have arrested a man they say was the leader of a gang who raped a nun.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution to ban the use of emoji of the Republic of Chile and the Lone Star state's national flag.
The Premier League and NBC Universal have agreed a new three-year US television rights deal worth a total of $1.5bn (£1.2bn).
A road in Staffordshire is to be closed for more than a year as part of a major repair project.
Turkey has accused Russia of violating its airspace in violation of international law and has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Craig Bellamy says his side are now in the Premiership's top six contenders.
Peterborough United defender Ben Davies has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Swiss cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been suspended for six months after her bike was found to contain a hidden motor.
Conor McGregor is a master of detail.
England fly-half Owen Farrell has been ruled out of Saturday's Test against Australia at Twickenham because of a knee injury.
A schoolgirl from Dumfries has launched a petition calling for a drug to be made available on the NHS in England and Scotland.
Lichfield have been left out of the Women's Super Rugby competition by the Rugby Football Union.
The Football Association's decision not to call up England's under-15s for the European Championship was "not necessarily the right thing to do", says chief executive Steve Ashworth.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police officer has been praised for saving the life of a mother and baby who were taken to hospital after being flagged down by a car.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and gang-raped has been jailed for seven years.
A man has been jailed for eight years for raping a 14-year-old girl during a night out in Cambridgeshire.
Firefighters have been dealing with a blaze at a gas station in Londonderry.
More than 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire in the wake of heavy rain which has caused flash flooding.
The bodies of 43 Mexican students who went missing in September have been cremated, a human rights group says.
The UK military is to send troops to Somalia to help fight the country's al-Shabab militant group.
A six-year-old girl who was injured when an inflatable football was blown into a crowd has been discharged from hospital.
United States striker Abby Wambach will retire from international football at the end of the season.
Breastfeeding in developing countries is the worst in the world, according to a new report.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Kebble from Stormers for next season.
Widnes Vikings head coach Alan Betts says his side are still doing "good things" in the Super League table.
Palace has denied allegations that Prince Andrew sexually abused a woman when she was under age.
Krystian Pearce scored the only goal of the game as Mansfield came from behind to draw with York.
Two people have been arrested after a man was found seriously injured in a street in Brighton.
A man has been jailed for six years for coercing a woman to engage in sexual activity and intercourse with him.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Huddersfield Town striker Jordan Rhodes on a two-year deal.
The first temporary school buildings have been built at a Worthing school after it was badly damaged in a fire.
Scarlets chief executive Jon Davies says he would like to see Wales' best players playing in Wales.
Petra Kvitova beat Romania's Simona Halep to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Finals in Singapore.
A County Antrim man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of youths.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to be demolished as part of a major revamp.
West Yorkshire Police has said it has investigated more than 200 child sexual exploitation (CSE) cases in the past year.
The US has arrested a man in connection with the deaths of dozens of undocumented immigrants in a trailer in southern Texas.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Solihull Moors looks back at her struggle with anorexia nervosa.
Items from the Windrush generation are to go on display at a Nottingham museum as part of the city's Carnival.
The BBC's director general John Whittingdale has been accused of behaving as if he were running the corporation.
A disabled woman has said she was refused a taxi from a railway station in Carmarthenshire because she was unable to walk to the venue.
Europe's Philae probe has made contact with Earth for the first time in seven months, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested after a police officer was assaulted in a Glasgow pub.
Kris Viljoen's unbeaten century helped Dambulla to a five-wicket win over Gloucestershire on day one at the County Ground.
Sinn Féin has said it will take unilateral action if the government does not intervene in the Stormont crisis.
Chris Buck took a career-best 19 wickets as Northamptonshire dominated Durham on day one of their County Championship match at The Oval.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a missing woman from Greenock.
An advert for a conferencing service has been pulled by the charity Changing Faces.
Gary Madine's second-half goal earned Bolton a 3-2 win over Sheffield United in the EFL Cup first round.
Muslims in France are taking part in a "brotherly cup of tea" to mark the anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Norway have agreed a 5% increase in their cod quota for next year.
A pilot and his wife have been found safe and well after a plane crashed in a field in the East Midlands.
For more than a century, the Swansea Canal has been a vital part of the city's history.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien have been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Tuesday.
Landlords in England are to be given the power to evict illegal migrants from their properties, under government plans.
Dutch justice minister Wilfried Opstelten and his deputy, Jeroen Teeven, have resigned after a row over a payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Scott Swankie's stoppage-time strike gave Cowdenbeath victory over Forfar Athletic to move up to second in Scottish League Two.
Plans for a housing project in Carrickbridge, County Antrim, have been rejected by the council.
A norovirus outbreak has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
In China, freedom of speech is a key issue.
Crocodile egg harvesting is a lucrative business in Australia.
A fleet of salt gritters has been put out of service in Gloucestershire ahead of the start of the winter season.
Ricky the Robot is the BBC's robot expert.
The mother of murdered toddler Liam Fee has said she is "shocked, totally shocked" by the death of her former friend.
Plans for a new paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the city council.
More than 1,000 migrants and refugees have been moved out of the "container camp" in the French port city of Calais, officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he welcomes indications Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a stabbing in a town centre.
Plans to bring back eight-council councils in Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£54bn) in cash and stock.
A man who was sexually abused as a child by a teacher at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish Abuse Inquiry.
A Russian motorcycle group has pulled out of a planned road trip through Poland, amid a row over its links to Russia.
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa captain after the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew 0.9% in the March quarter of 2014, slightly slower than expected, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most iconic birds.
Mexican driver Sergio Perez has signed a two-year contract extension with Force India, keeping him at the team until the end of the 2018 season.
A mother has won a legal battle to keep her son home from school.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson is one shot off the lead after the first two rounds of the Italian Open.
A charity is calling for a free clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Cardiff.
Scientists have produced a new class of thermosets that can be reused, rather than thrown away.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to the founder of start-up firm Hoxton Ventures, David Woodford.
A new gin distillery is being built in the Scottish Borders.
A historic lace-making factory in Nottingham has been destroyed in a fire.
Men are more likely to die than women in the early fifties than women, according to official figures.
A Michigan student has been charged with hazing after allegedly eating peanut butter in the mouth of a fellow student.
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off part of its northernmost mountain to mark its independence from Russia.
The Scottish economy will grow at a slower rate than expected this year, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he was asked to be secretary of state by President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed to the bride-to-be to take a photo with her on her wedding day after a bridge collapsed.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A campaign has been launched to raise funds for a series of statues to mark the centenary of the end of World War Two.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the BBC that she's "disappointed" by the pace of political change in the country.
A man has been found guilty of attempted murder after CCTV footage was caught on camera of him trying to rob a shop.
The National Police Association (NBPA) has said it is "very, very concerned" about the way senior police officers deal with race issues.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old coins found in a field in County Down more than a year ago has been declared treasure.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being rescued from the sea by a member of the public in Newcastle.
A British man has been charged with causing the death of a mother-of-two who was killed in a crash in Thailand.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack in a London casino.
It has been a week of optimism for the UK economy.
England midfielder Luke Shaw has been named in Manchester United's squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former first minister Alex Salmond has bowed out of Holyrood in a farewell address to the chamber.
Three US hospitals have been forced to shut down their computers after a computer virus caused them to be infected with ransomware.
We're BodyPositive, the body positivity team at The Surgery, and we want you to share your stories with us.
Sepp Blatter should resign as Fifa president, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A group of diners have been killed in a stampede at a restaurant in northern Spain, a restaurant owner has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to police.
Force India's Esteban Ocon has joined Manor Racing on a two-year deal.
A care home in Dumfries and Galloway has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
It's been a busy week for dog owners in the UK.
Four men have been found guilty of murdering a drug dealer in a turf war in Rhyl.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Isaac Akpan has been banned for two games after being found guilty of misconduct by the Football Association.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City secured their first Championship win of the season as they came from behind to beat Cardiff City.
Adam Voges and Ravi Malan hit centuries as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season against Hampshire.
Plans to cut the cost of soya-based infant formula milk in south London have been criticised by a mother.
If you have a touchscreen gadget, you may have noticed the smears on your fingers.
A Cardiff woman who was diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer after returning from a final year as an optometry student has been given a stem cell transplant.
Doctors in Australia have removed part of a toddler's leg that was left behind when she was born in Bangladesh.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a housing complex in Fife.
National League side Gateshead have re-signed left-back Chris O'Neill on a two-year deal.
Ladies' Day is a time of celebration for women in Liverpool, with the Grand National at Aintree being described as one of the most glamorous races in the world.
An inquest into the death of a woman who needed life-saving surgery in Nottingham has found there is a "risk that future deaths will occur unless action is taken".
Michael Horan has been elected the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA).
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Smith says England's one-day team are "not very good at it".
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro insists Jamie Walker is "happy" despite reports suggesting the club have improved their offer to the player.
Welshman David Wright beat Michael van Gerwen to win the World Championship for the first time in his career.
What do Northern Ireland politicians think about the prospect of the UK leaving the European Union?
Scotland captain Scott Greer says he is open to a return to the Premier League.
Defence is one of the most important issues for many voters.
Lord Avebury, the Liberal Democrat MP for Orpington, has died at the age of 87.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland rose by 17% in the past year, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and could lead the Conservative Party one day, Lord Heseltine has said.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's centres.
Crystal Palace secured their first win of the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £150,000 in compensation over accidents in the classroom last year.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is a major trade deal between the European Union and the US.
Bristol head coach Rob Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach.
Germany's trade deficit shrank by 0.5% in November compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
A Red Cross volunteer who witnessed a jet crash on the Isle of Wight has been awarded an MBE for his work on the day.
The regulator of public companies, the Financial Reporting Council (FRC), has been criticised for failing to enforce the Cadbury code of conduct.
A statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled at a museum in Staffordshire.
When Vladimir Putin met French far-right leader Marine Le Pen at the Elysee Palace in Paris in March, he told her: "We do not want to influence events in any way."
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have said they will invest £1bn in apprenticeships and training over the next five years.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its headquarters out of London after the UK leaves the European Union.
A man who admitted sexually abusing children has been jailed for 35 months.
A police officer has been recommended for disciplinary sanction after he mistakenly recorded the name and address of a man of the same name in his garden.
Spain's Carla Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Grand Slam title with victory in the Madrid Open final.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win their final World Cup Pool B match against South Africa.
Gatwick Airport has been given "guarantees" that it will take on the main risks of building a new runway.
League Two side Cumbria United have signed Dutch international Pedro on a two-year deal.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in the Conservative Party.
Crewe Alexandra have signed Bury striker Tom Lowe on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A British woman who took part in an obscene act in public on the Indonesian island of Sabah has been jailed for three days.
Ethiopia is one of the poorest countries on the continent.
At the family home in Kobane, north-east Turkey, a group of mothers sit together.
A memorial to aircrew killed in action has been vandalised at the Aircrew Airfield Centre in Lincoln.
Northampton Town have signed a £10.25m loan to redevelop the club's Sixfields Stadium, the club has confirmed.
Shares in two of Hong Kong's biggest financial firms have fallen sharply after being suspended from trading.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 MPs to his front bench, including eight from the black and minority ethnic community.
The Premier League has frozen or even reduced 70% of its season ticket prices this year.
Wildlife officials in India have fined cricketer Ravindra Jadeja for taking selfies with lions at a national park.
A prisoner who was due to appear in court charged with assaulting two schoolboys has died.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV has more than doubled in the past year, according to a new report.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has been accused by Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg of "lunacy" over funding decisions for free schools in England.
Police are investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in the run-up to the Tower Hamlets mayoral election.
It was 12 months ago that the Copper Box at London's Olympic Park was closed to the public.
Castleford Tigers full-back Ben Chase says he is in the best shape he has ever been after signing a new contract.
Britain's men's 4x400m relay team have moved into the bronze medal position at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in Beijing.
People in Italy and north-east Italy are more likely to drink fewer cups of coffee, a study suggests.
Thailand has formally invited Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn to succeed his father as king.
Sinn Féin MP Peter Wilson has withdrawn his bid to become the new leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
First Lady Carwyn Jones has said she is looking forward to working in Cardiff for the first time since having a baby.
The Church of Ireland has said it supports same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
A body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has been fined by the US for illegally exporting epoxy coating to Pakistan.
The director of the Ghostbusters reboot has said that he wants to "expand the film universe".
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned to expect delays as a series of improvements are carried out.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the Spanish region of Catalonia to show support for independence.
Prince Harry has been photographed wearing Christmas hats and balloons as he visited a children's home in South Africa.
Singapore has banned the use of taxi booking apps such as Uber and GrabTaxi in the city-state.
Chris Woakes and James Anderson will replace injured James Anderson in the England side for the first Test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
A police dog who was shot in the head while protecting his handler has been described as a hero.
A man has died in a house fire in Moray.
Protests have been held in the US city of Chicago over the deaths of four people who were shot by police.
The leader of Lesotho's unity government has said he has been removed from control by the army.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a "campaign of political harassment" after a break-in at his office in Cardiff.
A campaign has been launched to stop the National Grid building pylons in the Lake District.
On the outskirts of Hanoi in the early 1970s, a large number of tanks were being used to transport supplies from the North to the South.
The mayor of Baltimore has lifted a state of emergency imposed over the death of a black man.
League One side MK Dons have signed Aberdeen midfielder Ryan Quinn on a season-long loan deal.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious knee injury.
Lancashire batsman Alviro Petersen hit his first first-class century of the season on day two of their County Championship match at Lord's.
(Close): Wall Street closed little changed on Tuesday after emails from Donald Trump's campaign were sent to WikiLeaks.
David Cameron has said he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake".
Sebastian Coe has died at the age of 93.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Kamdjo on a two-year deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from all football-related activity for two years by Fifa.
A man accused of attacking a journalist with sulphuric acid has told a court that he thought it was a burglary.
Vauxhall has issued a recall of more than 280,000 of its Zafira B luxury cars.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have accused the Republican Party of being "rigged" and "crooked".
A new form of lightsaber fighting has been launched in Cheltenham.
A man has died in a crash with a car in South Ayrshire.
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to drill in the Chukchi Sea, the country's largest oilfield.
A 27-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher in a hotel room.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after a woman was shot dead at his home in Johannesburg.
Turkey's government has blocked access to Tor, one of the world's most popular encryption systems, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Luis Suarez has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
Rugby union has long been a popular sport in Japan.
Islamic State (IS) militants have retaken control of the ancient city of Palmyra in northern Syria, officials say.
A Co-op has apologised after a sign was painted over with the word "wrong".
When I first started working for Leicester Tigers in the 1970s, I was told that the club were on the verge of a revival.
Employers in Nottingham are being forced to pay more for parking at work in a bid to cut congestion.
Former Newcastle boss Steve McClaren says Rafael Benitez should be given greater control of the club.
Celtic striker Scott Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to leave the club to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans to transform one of Wales' most recognisable buildings into a "cultural quarter" have been unveiled.
Voters in England who do not have identification will be required to show their identification at local elections, the government has announced.
Luke Mullaney's century helped Nottinghamshire to a six-wicket win over Surrey on day two at Trent Bridge.
The family of a paralysed man who died at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland have said they are "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him".
A petition calling for better road safety in Wales has been submitted to the assembly.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has been named the best book of the year by the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
Deaf students in England are facing "unprecedented" cuts to their allowances, the government has announced.
A writer has described the "farcical" censorship of his promotional material by the Women's Institute (WI).
Munster scrum-half Vernon Stander says Ireland will not plan extra protection for Conor Murray against Glasgow Warriors.
Women who are overweight or obese are being recruited to take part in a two-year trial to see if losing weight could reduce the risk of recurrence of breast cancer.
Leonardo Goretzka scored twice as Germany beat Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup semi-finals.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed 27 marathons in South Africa in a bid to raise money for charity.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side's 3-0 win over Norwich City was "mucks up their gameplan".
Crotone ended a run of three straight Serie A defeats with a 3-1 win over Lazio.
Ricky Ritchie is to direct a film adaptation of the hit TV series The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria's economy has fallen into recession for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rally in energy stocks.
Nicholas George Winton was one of the world's most decorated peace campaigners.
A record number of prisoners were released by mistake in England and Wales last year, according to new figures.
Prince George is to be commemorated on a £5 coin, the Royal Mint has announced.
The North East Coast Exhibition is set to be the "launch pad of real growth in our regional economy", organisers have said.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 22-year-old man in Dublin.
Juventus clinched the Serie A title for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United won the Championship title for the first time in their history with a comfortable victory over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a supermarket.
When I delivered my long-forgotten speech calling for Yorkshire to be given more power over its own affairs in the 1960s, I was greeted with a mixture of incredulity and disbelief.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 100 new homes in Edinburgh.
Britain's Kat Page won gold in the women's trampoline at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester beat Liverpool to move one point clear at the top of the Premier League.
Witches' marks have been found in medieval houses, churches and other buildings in the hope of making the world a safer place, a heritage agency has said.
Tens of thousands of people have been using social media to check out Didcot Power Station's tall tower.
A cross-Solent ferry service between Sandown and Southsea could be extended to the Isle of Wight, according to Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey has fallen to its lowest level since 1987.
The director of Titanic Belfast has said there is no point creating attractions outside Belfast for the sake of it.
A man who admitted killing a friend by stabbing him to death has handed himself in to police in Manchester.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire later this year.
Barnet moved to within a point of League Two leaders Newport County with a 2-0 win over Hartlepool.
Sunderland midfielder Andreas Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austrian striker Christian Harnik has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Claude Montanier says the League Cup is "very important" for the club's hopes of qualifying for the Europa League.
A light aircraft has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault.
Thousands of people have visited a Yorkshire sculpture to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has come out as gay.
The PSNI has said it will carry out a review into all deaths linked to soldiers who carried out patrols in Belfast in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town to protect young people from anti-social behaviour.
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for beating his ex-girlfriend so badly she thought he was going to kill her.
The US says it has learned that Kenneth Bae, a Christian missionary who has been held in North Korea for 15 months, has been transferred to a labour camp.
Two of the UK's most famous seaside piers are being put up for sale.
South Africa head coach Mark Domingo has left his post at the end of the season to take up a role with England.
Some of the UK's biggest ISPs have been "not attending to the basics" in the wake of the TalkTalk hack, a security expert has told the BBC.
Online gambling firms are "likely to be breaking consumer law", the competition watchdog has said.
Singer Lil' Chris was found dead at his friend's home, an inquest has heard.
Northern Ireland's performance in their Euro 2016 qualifier against Poland was disappointing.
Electrical stimulation may be able to improve the ability of some people to solve maths puzzles, say neuroscientists.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Bradford has been named by police.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has obtained millions of phone records from US companies, according to documents obtained by the Guardian.
Rory McIlroy says he is "not feeling great" ahead of the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire captain Chris Bell has announced his retirement from cricket at the end of the season.
A policewoman in the French city of Nice has said she was "harassed for an hour" by Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve over the attack on the city's seafront.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "hopeful" he will be able to pick up the pace in the future after victory in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye, a former aide to Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, has been on the run for more than a decade.
A Cardiff man has described how he has discovered a colony of tube web spiders in his garden.
Ulster Bank has reported a pre-tax profit of £9m for the year to the end of March.
A man has been found dead in a street in Dundee.
A Nobel laureate has apologised for remarks he made about women in science about their emotional entanglements with men.
The number of people seeking help for social care in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to official figures.
A Bolivian air traffic control worker has accused her superiors of a cover-up over a plane crash that killed more than 100 people last year.
A group of members of a cult in China have been sentenced to life in prison for the brutal murder of a McDonalds worker in Shandong province.
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have hit it out at each other.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to support the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football David Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
More than £500,000 has been spent on civil servants' cards in the first three months of the year, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Plans for a new Scottish film studio in Glasgow have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Prue Leith is to step down from BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 series.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game as Egypt beat Uganda to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Dog owners in Oxford could face new dog control orders.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe's political crisis.
A former courtroom at Stafford University has been given the go-ahead to open to the public.
A number of people have been killed in a tsunami in Greenland, officials say.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the A1 in Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump "very shortly", the White House has said.
The US State Department asked the FBI to change a classified Hillary Clinton email to unclassified, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the world's most expensive city to live in in terms of quality of life, according to a survey.
Gillingham manager Paul Pennock says the club's new-look squad is "pulling together in the right direction".
Lionsgate Pictures has signed a deal to sell video games through its Steam platform, the company has announced.
Mexican authorities have arrested seven people suspected of helping drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman escape from a maximum-security prison.
A new high school in North Lanarkshire is unlikely to open in October, according to Highland Council.
The government has announced changes to the way VAT is paid to small businesses.
The head of the Association of School and College Leaders has challenged the government to make all GCSE subjects compulsory for all pupils.
Work has begun on the Royal Navy's new Portsmouth naval base.
Police are continuing their search for a missing man from Edinburgh who has travelled to Manchester and London.
Fishermen and anglers are being asked to report sightings of a rare shark off the coast of Wales.
Lava has been spewing from a volcano in Hawaii.
A Sinn Féin TD has won a High Court injunction against RTÉ over comments she made in the Dáil (parliament) on Tuesday.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been withdrawn from the Tour de France after testing positive for a banned substance.
The US has released a Czech man who was held in Syria for more than a year, the State Department has said.
A review into the murder of Pat Finucane has found that senior RUC officers were involved in a "relentless attempt to defeat the ends of justice".
Scottish football is suffering from "poor headlines" over spot-fixing, according to PFA Scotland chairman Martin Wishart.
A Chicago police officer has pleaded not guilty to charges over the fatal shooting of a black teenager last year.
The Independent newspaper is to close as a print title, its publisher has announced.
Newport County have rejected a bid from Gillingham for midfielder Rhys Byrne.
A plastic fiver has been introduced for the first time in Northern Ireland.
An Australian man who went missing six days ago has been found alive six days after he went missing.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side are "not ready to fight for the Premier League" after their 2-1 defeat by Liverpool left them 12 points clear at the top of the table.
The Syrian army says it has taken complete control of a district of the Old City of Homs.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been questioned by police over an allegation that he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
Protesters in the eastern Russian region of Abkhazia have arrested the president of the ruling party, accusing him of trying to destabilise the region.
The Indian Railways Ministry has thanked a woman who tweeted to the railway ministry to help find milk for her baby daughter.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" to describe people who have been psychiatric inpatients.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Birmingham City have condemned claims made in the Sunday Times that a doctor prescribed banned drugs to elite footballers.
A campaign for a regional mayor for south east Wales has failed to hit its target, a councillor has said.
Plans to close two of the UK's most important military sites have been approved by the government.
Nigeria's military says it has recaptured more than 100 schoolgirls abducted in a raid on a boarding school in north-east Borno state on Tuesday.
More than 100 people have been arrested in a raid on a tobacco factory in Birmingham.
The way Surrey Police investigates more complex crime is still not good enough, the Home Office has said.
The BBC Global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
A Victorian reception house used to hold the dead before funerals has been given a Grade II listed listing.
An Iranian cartoonist has won a contest to depict US President Donald Trump as a caricature of Adolf Hitler.
Bernie Sanders has become the most popular Democratic presidential candidate in US history.
Port Vale moved into the League One play-off places with victory over West Bromwich Albion.
League Two side Colchester United have signed midfielder Ryan Keane on a season-long loan from Norwich City.
A woman has been injured in a burglary at a farm house in Aberdeenshire.
Tributes have been paid to six people who died in a car crash in Glasgow just days before Christmas.
England secured a place in the final of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a 24-22 win over New Zealand.
The M4 has been closed in Northamptonshire after a lorry overturned.
The Serpentine Gallery in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
The Irish secretary of state has said there is an urgent need for an effective executive to be in place in Northern Ireland.
A Scottish engineering firm has been awarded £1m of funding to create up to 100 new jobs in the Highlands.
An 82-year-old woman has been found dead in her home in East Lothian.
Chilean authorities have declared a state of emergency in the country to try to contain a series of forest fires.
The US has condemned Israel's decision to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, saying it undermines the pursuit of peace.
A couple who took their children to Germany to visit relatives have been cleared of terrorism charges, a High Court judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled in the Black Country to mark the centenary of the first strike by women chainmakers.
Kenya's security forces have failed to reintegrate more than 600 youth who joined militant groups in the country, a report says.
A woman has died in a crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay, the Department of Health has said.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested after they were found with indecent images of themselves on social media.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a sergeant and wounding two other soldiers in revenge for bullying.
Toyota has announced plans to upgrade its engine plant in Derbyshire as part of Brexit negotiations.
There are a million people in Wales who are physically inactive because of a lack of public money, a leading football body has said.
South Africa's governing Democratic Alliance (DA) party leader has announced she is stepping down from the party's leadership.
British welterweight champion Nick Eubank Jr has offered to give his father a British title belt.
A couple in the US state of Alaska have spoken of the moment they found out their son had been killed.
Championship side Queens Park Rangers have signed QPR left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament has no power to trigger Brexit without the consent of the Scottish Parliament, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
The family of Gerry Adams have said claims that he was involved in the murder of former MI5 agent David Donaldson are "absolute nonsense".
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the World War Two death toll from a concentration camp in Germany.
A suspicious device has been found on a road in Londonderry.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in second practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton struggled with a hydraulic problem.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been closed after a child was left unattended on a minibus for two hours.
British retailer Kingfisher is to sell its B&Q chain in China to Chinese retailer Wumei Holdings.
Canada has said it is "impossible" to clinch a trade deal with the European Union after a regional assembly in Belgium rejected it.
Survivors of the Aberfanwick slurry disaster have been speaking at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Last Samuri will be the favourite to win the Grand National for the second time in three years on Saturday.
Former British and European champion Michael McKenzie will make his professional debut for the first time when he defends his WBO super-middleweight title in London.
A diver has been photographed with a plastic bag in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been found dead in a street in Nottinghamshire.
Nottinghamshire voters have overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored twice as Roma beat Bologna to move up to second in Serie A.
Scotland's culture watchdog has said the Scottish government had the legal authority to award a grant to the organiser of the Balado music festival.
Anthony Joshua has "George Foreman, Frank Bruno brutish strength" in him, says former world heavyweight champion Chris Harrison.
The death of the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Jayaram Jayalalitha, has shocked the country.
Police investigating the discovery of a man's remains in a motorway embankment have said they do not believe he may have been subjected to a crime.
More than 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base, the Afghan army says.
It's been a really good start to the year for the British Davis Cup team.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is a small building in the centre of the Serbian capital.
New Falkirk manager Neil Houston says he is relishing the prospect of taking the Bairns to the Championship play-offs.
A man has died after being found floating face-down in the sea off Cornwall.
John Johnston scored a hat-trick as Kilcoo came from behind to beat Scotstown 1-14 to 0-14 in the All-Ireland Football semi-final at the SSE Arena.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she is determined to qualify for the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics despite a chest infection.
The Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he will not seek re-election in June.
The inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been adjourned for a second time.
The US space agency is developing a new rocket that will be more powerful than the Atlas and Delta IV Heavy.
The death of one of New York's most famous rap artists has been ruled an accident.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Billy Saunders says he is investigating claims that striker Mame Biram Diouf was in a nightclub before the club's League One relegation battle.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his side are not daunted by the prospect of facing Maribor in the Europa League.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the final foursomes of the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
The number of Grade A office buildings in Belfast has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to new figures.
At the end of March 2011, Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant exploded.
A police helicopter has been targeted by a laser beam aimed at it from the sky in Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read people's lips has been developed by Oxford University researchers.
Theresa May has told the world that she wants to stay in the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to avoid eating sugar cane toads.
England captain Waqar Khan says he has "no doubts" about his side's chances of winning the third Test against Pakistan.
Google is to stop offering 30-second adverts on its website, which it says is "not the most effective way to advertise".
Swansea City captain Lee Dummett, Reading midfielder Chris Matthews and Nottingham Forest defender James Robson-Kanu have been named in Wales' squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium.
A Christian-run bakery has said it will not bake a Muslim-themed cake if it loses a discrimination case.
Athletics' ruling council has approved plans to wipe world records from the books if they do not meet strict criteria to prove they are clean.
A man accused of forcing a man and another man to work for £50 a day has told Cardiff Crown Court that he was allowed to stay in his daughter's bedroom.
A 21-year-old woman has died after a two-vehicle crash in Belfast city centre.
The World Rugby Hall of Fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The first female officer to have trained at Sandhurst Academy has been appointed as the new head of the academy.
A jewellers has been robbed in the same way as a similar robbery in Yarm, police have said.
Paul Stirling and James Robson hit centuries as Middlesex dominated the first day of their County Championship match at Headingley.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was hit with a laser pen by two teenage boys in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added just 138,000 jobs in May, a sharp slowdown from the previous month, according to official figures.
Reading midfielder Ben McAnuff says he would love to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
The number of steps people take a day is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement, a study suggests.
The NHS in England is facing a deficit of £26m if it does not take over the whole 111 telephone service by the end of this financial year.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been approved by the Scottish government.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade knows the pressure of managing the club, says the club's director of football David Dalman.
Retailer Next has won a High Court battle against HM Revenue & Customs over tax paid on overseas profits.
Banksy has been named as the winner of the South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A police officer who tackled a knife-wielding attacker who shot dead MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross.
A Scottish Paralympian has said he was "almost passed out" after being shown a scan showing a tumour in his spine.
It could take days for the investigation into the Manchester bombing to get under way.
Guy Martin has been ruled out of this year's Dundrod Grand Prix.
"I'm fine, thanks, thanks."
The price of carbon has fallen for the first time in more than a year, amid concerns that the EU's carbon market is oversupplied.
Ghana has ordered a private company to pay $1.5m (Â£1.1m) in compensation for the cost of refurbishing 116 government-owned buses.
Four French police officers have been arrested in Marseille on suspicion of recruiting jihadists, the interior minister has said.
The Hillsborough inquests have been held into the deaths of 96 football fans who fell on top of each other during the match.
The man who led the search for the remains of the Disappeared in West Yorkshire has died.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been rejected by the county council.
A baby has been diagnosed with tonsillitis after swallowing a plastic angel in his oesophagus.
Malaysia's government has cancelled a concert featuring body art featuring the word "Allah" written on her body.
A sea turtle which washed up on British and European shores last month has died.
It's been a busy year for me as England captain.
Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of Saracens full-back Rhys Tomkins on a two-year deal.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jordan Wildsmith has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
Cardiff City manager Paul Cox says striker James Cook does not want to sign for another Conference club.
Luke Procter hit a career-best century as Lancashire dominated the second day of the One-Day Cup against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side have still "a lot to work on" after their 3-0 defeat by Australia.
A giant panda cub has been born at Hong Kong's Ocean Park for the first time in more than a decade.
At least 19 people have died in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest, officials say.
A woman has admitted killing a man on a night out in Lincolnshire.
A hospital trust has been ordered to pay £290,000 to a girl who suffered severe brain injuries following her birth.
A boy who was jailed for having sex with his niece is at risk of being placed in foster care, a judge has ruled.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a man who threatened to kill her have lost their appeal at the Supreme Court.
Facebook has been accused of "tramples" on European and Belgian privacy laws after it refused to explain how it collected user data.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have said they will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
NHS Wales' Community Health Councils (CHCs) have said they are "disappointed" that they have been described as "the best kept secret in Wales".
HBO has cancelled the second season of Sir Mick Jagger's record label drama Vinyl.
Childline Northern Ireland received a record number of calls from suicidal children last year, according to the charity.
Plans for a new £2m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
American swimmer Michael Phelps won the world 200m individual medley title in the fastest time of the year.
Metz striker Lopes has been taken to hospital after a firecracker was thrown at him during Saturday's 1-0 win over Lyon.
A man has been arrested after two men died in a crash involving a car and a lorry in Staffordshire.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new attempt to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
Hundreds of Baltimore Orioles fans have been locked out of a game in protest over the death of a black man in police custody.
Transgender has become a big issue in many parts of the world.
Swiss voters will go to the polls on 8 June to decide whether to accept a referendum on whether to remain in the European Union.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Powys.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum, the company's owner Derek McColl has announced.
Port Talbot's steelworks are one of the quietest places in Wales.
A man who threw a teenage girl to the ground and told her she was Muslim has been jailed for eight years.
Prison conditions in England and Wales are "less safe and less decent" than they were even a year ago, says the Prison Trust.
A 34-year-old man has been charged after a number of drugs were stolen from a pharmacy in Belfast city centre.
Rescue workers in Indonesia have resumed their search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in the north-eastern province of Aceh.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 2-13 to 0-13 in Division Three of the Football League.
More than 100 people have been charged in France over air pollution in the capital, Paris, a lawyer has said.
Germany came from behind to beat Denmark in extra time and reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely in favour of equality" as he continues to lead the party.
A privacy campaigner has taken Facebook to the High Court in Dublin in a bid to force the social network to hand over data to US spy agencies.
Birmingham City captain Joe Robinson has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
Firefighters have been called to a number of properties in Pooleshire to deal with pest control devices.
Poland's forest foresters say they have found evidence of the worst forest disaster in the country's history.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its budget to fund further education staff redundancies.
Forfar Athletic moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable 4-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
The original interview notes of four men accused of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have gone missing.
High performing council-run schools should be allowed to sponsor failing academies, councils have said.
The benefits of statins, a cholesterol-lowering drug, are "very much larger" than the numbers who have side effects with it, a review suggests.
British astronaut Tim Peake has become the first member of the International Space Station to land in orbit.
Great Britain's men won bronze in the team epee at the World Fencing Championships in China.
The government is to introduce a "toxin tax" for diesel cars in cities across the UK, the government has announced.
Dundee manager Neil McCann says he will be speaking to the club's managing director about their lack of recruitment.
International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach has said he has no regrets over the decision to ban the Russian team from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales and Barbarians flanker John Faull has died at the age of 83.
A decade of economic growth in India has been described as a "golden period" for the country's Dalits.
Tiger Woods says he is "feeling good" about his recovery from a back injury, but is concerned about his workload.
A woman has described the moment a man opened her door and was shot in the leg in Londonderry.
A man has been arrested in Thailand on suspicion of running the illegal drugs marketplace Silk Road.
David Fox scored twice as Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield in League Two.
The London Sevens is one of the most exciting rugby tournaments in the world and I am looking forward to taking part in it again this weekend.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says his side will enjoy their return to the Premiership next season.
A hang glider rider has been found dead in a nature reserve in Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Scott Morrison says the club's late goals have been "devastating" for the fans.
Zambia coach David Chambeshi says his side have the "strength and power" to beat Germany on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro over his plans to hold a constituent assembly election.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin on a future treaty on strategic partnership, his press service says.
Police in Paris have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp in the centre of the city.
BBC Radio 4 presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a ferry service between Hampshire and Southampton.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car are raising money to set up a centre of excellence for young people.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd singer Syd Barrett is to be unveiled later this year, his brother has announced.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been criticised for comments he made about a female missionary who was murdered while ministering in prison.
Former prime minister Sir John Major has been accused of a "absolute dismissal of democracy" after he called for a second referendum on Brexit.
A photographer has won a competition to take a photograph of the Bristol skyline.
The number of enquiries about GCSE and A level results in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past three years, according to official figures.
Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits for the fourth quarter of the year.
Coleraine rower Paul Cassells and his partner Chris Scrimgeour won the lightweight pair title at the European Rowing Championships in Stuttgart.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the first Test to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
A full-blown undergraduate degree could be offered online within five years, a leading online university provider has said.
Paddy Power (11-1) won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Aintree.
The Irish Travelling community in the Republic of Ireland has an Irish ancestry, according to a new study.
A section of the A890 in the Highlands has reopened after being closed for more than a month.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of two people at a house in Dundee.
Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's 10km triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Birmingham City Museum is to reopen to the public in 2020, the city council has announced.
A bend in the River Thames in Somerset has been restored after years of flooding.
Yemenia's national airline, Yemenia, has been charged with causing a plane crash in the Comoros in 2007 that killed more than 150 people.
In the wake of Mitt Romney's criticism of the Republican Party, Gov Bobby Jindal has issued a blistering attack on the party's image.
Orlando City Women have signed former world player of the year Marta for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour leader Andy Murray has claimed victory in the general election.
Catalans Dragons have sacked coach Michel Frayssinous after a run of five straight defeats.
The Prince of Monaco has given birth to twins named Gabriella and Jacques.
A new maternity clinic is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital for women who have experienced sexual violence during labour.
Kirsty Foster and Liam Reid missed out on automatic qualification for the semi-finals of the women's 100m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
More than 20 people have been arrested in a crackdown on far-right demonstrations on the M20 in Maidstone, Kent.
Banks and accountants should be liable for financial penalties if they help people evade tax, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in crisis.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage should take a break from the party, the party's deputy leader has said.
The Wedgwood Museum has been placed into administration after a campaign to sell its collection failed.
Saudi Arabia is one of the most powerful states in the Arab world.
The number of children suffering online bullying in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to a report.
Police have released an E-fit image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have been killed by a car in County Fermanagh.
A supermarket chain has agreed to buy a town centre building in Lincolnshire for £300,000 plus VAT.
When the prime minister said "opportunity" in school sport was at the heart of his election manifesto, he meant it.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Vuelta a Espana after a crash in the final stage.
Viral Vine has paid tribute to Romford, the teenager who was beaten to death by a gang in 1980.
More than half of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to a new report.
A Prestwick airfield says it expects to have the highest amount of traffic it has ever had for a summer period this year.
Hewlett-Packard, the world's biggest maker of personal computers, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs.
Partick Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell.
The number of times medics have to handover patients at A&E departments in Yorkshire has risen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxford.
Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 87.
A lion cub has been found in a cage at a zoo in Saudi Arabia, the first in the world to be born there.
George Osborne is to visit the German capital, Berlin, as part of a series of talks aimed at securing support for the UK's exit from the European Union.
An Australian company has been fined for causing the collapse of a sacred site in the state of Darwin.
It's Black Friday, the biggest shopping day of the year, and many of the UK's biggest retailers are gearing up for it.
A transgender woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has become the first woman to be appointed a police officer.
GAA director general Michael Duffy has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Londonderry.
A British company has developed a 3D-scan prosthetic arm that can be fitted to amputees.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to reach the Champions League group stage.
The Bernabeu is one of the most iconic stadiums in the world.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham striker Chris Morrell as their new manager.
As the pound continues to fall against the dollar, US fashion blogger James DeLeon says he is spending more money in the UK than anywhere else in the world.
Civil servants are being asked to help deal with a planned strike at the UK border, union bosses have said.
Olympic 10,000m champion Lamine Cheruiyot missed out on a medal as she finished 13th in the women's final at the Rio Games.
The bodies of two men who died in a "flashover explosion" at a paint-spraying company in Edinburgh have been recovered, police have said.
The US and UK have called for air drops on besieged areas of Syria to be halted to allow humanitarian aid to be delivered.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says.
Leyton Orient have signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Tom Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against former Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong.
A new partnership has been launched for people affected by rare diseases in Northern Ireland.
A judge in Wisconsin has ordered two 13-year-old girls to stand trial accused of stabbing their classmate to death in a haunted mansion.
The US army has given the go-ahead for the construction of the final section of a controversial oil pipeline.
Hungary's main opposition party, the Fidesz, has held its final rally in the capital, Budapest.
Two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a goods trailer from a dairy in Conwy county.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Melbourne, according to local media.
When Boris Johnson said the European Union would only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three, Reality Check did a bit of research to see if there was any such rule.
When Delhi University student Kailash Kohli was asked to build a robot for his school, he was told he would have to work in a kung fu classroom.
The US has carried out air strikes on al-Shabab militants in Somalia, the Pentagon has said.
A stained glass window at a Roman Catholic church in Cardiff has been damaged in a suspected arson attack.
A man has died and two people have been injured after a car crashed into a garden wall.
New maths times tables are to be introduced in England as part of a drive to improve standards.
British Gymnastics has launched an investigation after a video emerged of Olympic gold medallist Adam Smith laughing at a retired gymnast.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to prevent the closure of the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Global healthcare provider G4S has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £3.2bn for the three months to the end of March.
Venezuelan police say they have shot dead a bus driver who had been protesting against the government.
Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its A380 superjumbo jets by more than a third.
The head of one of the UK's biggest firms has said it would be "definitely in" for the UK to leave the European Union.
A high-rise building in the Indian city of Mumbai has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
US investment firm BlackRock is to cut a significant number of jobs as part of cost-cutting efforts, according to reports.
When Daniel Dwyer was a teenager, he had no idea what to do with his life.
Russia has been urged to "dance on the table" and "sing a song" as part of efforts to reinstate its anti-doping system.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after using another person's ashes for a wedding ceremony.
The BBC is to make a major public statement on the future of the corporation this week.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has offered junior doctors' leaders the opportunity to meet this week to try to resolve the dispute over their contracts.
Hamilton Academical came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and move up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership.
A £15m fund to boost the fortunes of the north of England has been announced by the government.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while eight months pregnant.
Italian police have arrested 18 people in a series of raids in the north-eastern province of Calabria.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law that has been criticised by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A new code of conduct for police officers in Scotland has been published.
A 75-year-old woman has been told she will have to dig up a road to install a landline.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most remarkable political leaders.
Designer Tommy Hilfiger has clarified his comments about Gigi Hadid, after she was criticised for wearing a poncho.
The family of US singer Casey Kasem are suing his stepmother for $250,000 (Â£166,000) in damages.
Russian far-right activist Vitaly Shprygin has been expelled from France after being arrested at the Euro 2016 match against Wales.
The former leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Yahya Jammeh, has been arrested on suspicion of stealing more than $5bn (Â£3.5bn) from the state coffers.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock, who were sent off for a second time this season.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to four points with a hard-fought win over St Johnstone.
South Africa have reached the quarter-finals of the Rugby Sevens World Series in Rio.
Google has developed a system to stop people setting up automated bots on websites.
Paralympic sprinter Michael Smyth says he is looking forward to competing at the European Championships in Portugal next month.
A fairytale castle cake and a number of smaller cakes decorated like Disney princesses have been stolen from a golf club.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has been quizzed by MPs on the impact of Brexit on Wales.
The Boojum Mexican restaurant chain in County Antrim has been sold for an undisclosed sum.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in London in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border, killing all of its crew.
Iraqi forces have carried out a series of air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Our Duke, ridden by Padraig Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career as he finished second in the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed Porthmadog wedi ei fagu ym Modffordd, yn ôl ym Môn.
More than 100 hospitals in England are to be rated in a new "learning from mistakes league", the health secretary has announced.
A disabled man has been subjected to a "vicious attack" at his home in Inverness on Monday night.
A man has died after his car left the road and crashed into a tree.
The paylips scandal in Iran has been a major blow to the government of President Hassan Rouhani.
Wild bison have been rejected by rangers at Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming after they tried to bring it back to its herd.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.5% in the year to March, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway have voted to move their contracts to term time-only.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international David O'Brien on a two-year deal.
Former world number one Heather Watson has been forced to retire from tennis because of a back injury.
In the wake of the attack on an aid convoy and hospital in Damascus on Friday, the Syrian conflict has been plunged into a new round of violence.
Two Cambridge schoolboys have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that the world needs him "very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
"I used to think that if you had a hair salon in Nairobi, you would be considered an entrepreneur."
A 12-year-old boy who died after being changed in his genitalia was not given enough information about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire have been branded "vital" by campaigners.
A letter from a British man who filmed the summit of the US and Russia 27 years ago is to be auctioned.
A museum in Singapore has returned a bronze sculpture thought to have been stolen from a temple in India.
A vintage train has arrived in Kent for the first time in more than 100 years.
World number one Luke Donald has announced his retirement from golf.
In the early 20th Century, on the shores of the Cuban island of Camaguey, a ship sailed through a swamp.
Elections for councils in England and Wales will be held on 8 May.
The number of new cases of dementia in England has fallen in men over the past 20 years, according to a new study.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a High Court decision not to prosecute a father who took his daughter on holiday.
The family of a man who dressed up as Santa Claus to deliver Christmas gifts to thousands of children in Manchester have paid tribute to him.
Turkish police have carried the body of a German student who was killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Theresa May has vowed to change the way big businesses are governed in the wake of the EU referendum result.
A referee has died after being hit by a punch during a football game in the US state of Michigan, police say.
A 21-year-old woman has been shot dead in a "brutal act of violence" in the US state of Pennsylvania, police say.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to persuade a 19-year-old soldier to commit acts of terrorism.
An Indian journalist has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a government document that banned Muslims from teaching yoga.
Scientists have measured the amplitude of the tides at the bottom of the Loch Ness loch.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash deaths will not be held until 2017, the county council has said.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines at cash machines in Aberdeenshire and stealing £112,000.
Pope Francis has "destroyed our unity" over child sexual abuse, Australia's most senior Catholic bishop has said.
Celtic have confirmed they are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of midfielder Pat Roberts.
A man has built a robot that can travel at up to 5km/h (1mph) on a tank of diesel.
Smaller firms are more likely to be victims of cyber attacks, according to a survey.
Pope Francis is due to make his first major trip to Africa in November.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said he is "as suitable" as he is to fight tax evasion and fiscal fraud.
Laura Muir has broken the Scottish 1500m record for the first time.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Birmingham City came from behind to beat Newcastle United in the FA Cup third round.
Mark Cavendish's bid to win Olympic gold in the men's road race ended in defeat as Russia's Grigorinin Vinokourov won silver.
It's been a turbulent decade for All Saints, the pop band who were once described as "stroppy cows" by the BBC.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares have been knocked out of the ATP World Tour Finals in the first round.
A man has died after being hit by a car.
Volunteers are being urged to clean up the Isle of Man's beaches.
A blanket ban on the sale and supply of legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
As NFL commissioner Roger Goodell prepares for the start of his final season in charge of the US National Football League (NFL), it is easy to forget that 2014 was a year of turmoil.
A nurse who filmed himself raping patients at a hospital has been jailed for six years.
The Irish Open will be held in Ballyliffin, County Donegal, in 2019 and 2020.
Yorkshire's Jack Leaning hit his first half-century of the season as his side dominated Lancashire on day two of the Roses Match at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays to dairy farmers for their milk.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised for failing to inform users of a restriction on official ink cartridges.
Donald Sterling, the owner of the Los Angeles Clippers, has been ordered to sell the team to his estranged wife, a judge has ruled.
A school has been forced to close after 26 pupils became ill with a bug.
The Presiding Officer of the Electoral Commission in Wales has called for more people to register to vote in the assembly and police and crime commissioners elections.
Royal Dutch Shell has said that it is "impossible" for it to justify its continued pursuit of offshore oil in the Arctic.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who has been found guilty of murder.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "very fierce punitive and deterring response" against those who commit acts of violence, including throwing stones, fire-bombs and explosives.
The president of the Republic of Ireland is to introduce a controversial abortion bill.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat station have agreed to take back their pagers in a bid to save the station from closure.
Kumar Sangakkara hit his first first-class century of the season as Surrey beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun.
Birds and bumblebees are struggling to survive because of competition for nesting sites, a study suggests.
The Prince of Wales has told the Royal Army's officer cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears".
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French club Le Havre on a two-year deal.
The US has declared war on al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), the militant group that has claimed responsibility for the deadly bombing of a Saudi airliner in Detroit in 2009.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray says the team must improve their "flat halves" if they are to win the Six Nations.
A review of the Northern Ireland Tourist Board has called for a shared office and renaming the board.
"He was really good at football," says Antonio Carlos da Silva, the coach of Brazil's Street Child World Cup team.
A man arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs has been released on bail after testing positive for a new form of MDMA.
Sir Mick Jagger has said he "will never forget" his partner L'Wren Scott.
Up to 4,000 new homes could be built in York over the next five years, according to a new report.
A radio station in Zimbabwe has gone out of business, its manager has said.
NHS England has been accused of failing to ring-fence extra funding for children's mental health services in England.
The family of a teenager who will compete in the Eurovision Song Contest are planning a "real celebration" of his success.
Huddersfield Giants have signed former Leeds Rhinos prop Matt Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again when many of you are looking for a new way to get fit.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gertrude Lawrence looks at the challenges faced by women in Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country in response to an attack on a US diplomat, the Pentagon has said.
Ben Stokes hit a superb half-century as England beat India by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
A police force has been referred to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has a responsibility to investigate effectively the circumstances of the death of people, the European Court of Human Rights has said.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at how artificial intelligence could change the way we interact with computers.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after two teenagers went missing in West Yorkshire.
Britain's Adam Scott won gold in the men's 470 at the European Short Course Championships in Italy.
A parade has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the freedom of Yeovil Naval Base.
A man who had his car stolen has said he has been told the police investigation is closed.
Kechara Wong is one of Malaysia's most influential philanthropists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing Nigeria's education system.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Police are investigating two separate deaths in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear disaster was a "manmade disaster", Japan's nuclear accident commission has concluded.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down this summer.
NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned customers that they could be charged interest if the Bank of England cuts interest rates.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals for the first time in their history.
Wolves striker Rhys Coady is determined not to let his old club slip away from Anfield.
A County Londonderry bar has been closed after a man was found dead at the premises.
A man who ate a fish won at a fair has been banned from owning animals.
Albania have been banned from playing their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia in Belgrade after Uefa fined them 100,000 euros (Â£78,000).
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced a new sponsorship deal for football.
Wrexham suffered a 2-0 home defeat by Wrexham in their first pre-season friendly.
Pakistan have been cleared to play two Test series in India while they are in the World Twenty20.
Blackburn Rovers manager Gary Rowett has called on his side to "get that bit between their teeth" after they were beaten at home by Peterborough on Saturday.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has said he will form a government that will "save the nation" after a Senate vote to suspend President Dilma Rousseff.
An ancient river in China's Jishi Gorge was the source of a "catastrophic outburst flood", according to a new study.
A Florida teenager has been charged with stealing and forging cheques from an elderly woman who sought treatment for stomach pain.
Rafael Nadal has become the youngest player to win a Grand Slam title at Wimbledon.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports season had a "much better start" than expected last year, according to new figures.
Two police officers have been jailed for two years after being found guilty of conspiring to smuggle drugs into the UK.
Lancashire captain James Giles says his side are "far from safe" after their poor start to the season.
A Polish man who raped a woman in a Leicester park has been jailed for life.
Cornwall director of rugby Steve Dawe says the club's bid to reach the Challenge Cup final at Twickenham is "not perfect".
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has been helping students return home from the University of Texas at Austin after a night out.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring the government to hand over state-owned property to the next president.
Donald Trump has said he will rebuild the US "in the worst shape they've ever been in before" after criticism of his charitable foundation.
Former Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 74, his family has announced.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a sandbank in Invergordon.
A lawyer for a gay rights activist has failed in his attempt to invoke his powers to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Five Labour MPs are standing in the general election amid claims they have been denied a vote because non-Labour supporters have registered to vote.
The family of a doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight because he refused to leave the plane have said they are "horrified and shocked".
The killing of a man in a UK drone strike in Syria was "legal and defensible", Conservative MP Harriet Harman has said.
Welsh amateur boxing is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to auditors.
Three Edinburgh schools have been closed because of safety concerns.
A German woman has launched a lawsuit against pharmaceutical giant Bayer over the safety of its Yasminelle contraceptive pill.
A new escalator at one of London's busiest Tube stations is being trialled to reduce queues.
Victims of asbestos-related disease mesothelioma are to be eligible for compensation under a new government fund.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Australian artist Betty Churcher has died at the age of 91.
Moody's has changed its credit rating for the UK following the vote to leave the European Union.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime are to go on trial for war crimes and genocide.
Richard Oz, the editor of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey duo Jake and Kodi for a month.
There is no threat to EU migrants working in the UK, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
A cat that went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with his owner after being found at a pet store.
A hole in the ceiling of a football stadium has been repaired after a football fan accidentally punched it.
The Home Office has begun the process of deporting more than 100 illegal workers from the UK.
Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix as team-mate Mark Webber was forced to retire from his final pit stop.
Hampshire's new chief constable has been appointed by the police and crime commissioner.
Belfast boxer Michael Irivine has won the men's lightweight title at the European Championships in Kiev.
David Brewster and Eve Muirhead have booked their places at the European Curling Championships in Glasgow later this month.
Donegal will face Galway in the second round of the All-Ireland qualifier in Dublin on Saturday.
There has been a lot of speculation about the timing of the EU referendum.
The Labour opposition has been accused of using the theme tune of Dad's Army to describe the government's handling of Brexit.
Derby County striker Christian Bent says the Championship play-offs are a chance for his side to bounce back from a poor start to the season.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment.
Partick Thistle secured their first win of the season as they drew with Ross County at Firhill.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Ukrainian city of Donetsk to protest against shelling by pro-Russian rebels.
One of the largest Roman mosaics found in the UK for 150 years is to be made available for the first time.
The Scottish Parliament should have full control of income tax rates and welfare benefits, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner, Dr Emmanuel Adesina, has been awarded this year's World Food Prize for his work on improving food security in rural Africa.
An armed police officer has been reprimanded for carrying a gun at a railway station while on duty.
The El Nino weather phenomenon is set to have the strongest year on record, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Scientists in the US have taken the first steps towards creating "grow-your-own" kidneys.
A US university has sued Apple for allegedly infringing a patent.
A steam train has been unveiled in Cumbria.
If you want to start your own Couch to 5K Challenge just like Anna, you might want to check out the Make Your Move website.
A national marine centre is to be built in Aberdeenshire with the aim of inspiring people to care for the natural environment.
Passenger exit checks are to be introduced in the UK for the first time, the government has announced.
Britain's Beth Tweddle says she is "not totally retiring" after winning gold at the European Gymnastics Championships in London.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ryan Pearce from Latics for an undisclosed fee.
Comedian Graham McPherson has said he was "a privilege" to be involved in the renovation of Hastings Pier.
An Australian court has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of his ex-wife in a cafe siege.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation has "lost the plot" over a £1m pay-off.
Hamilton Academical and Kilmarnock played out a goalless draw in the Scottish Premiership.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to beat Northern Ireland 1-0 in their Euro 2016 warm-up match.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead in a Liverpool pub.
Former Aberdeen captain Lee Ferguson says he is not ready to manage Rangers.
Italy's Senate speaker has suspended two centre-right senators after they were reported to have gestured in the direction of a female colleague.
Israel has asked Australia to withdraw a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged passports in the murder of a Dubai businessman.
Azerbaijan's human rights lawyer Leyla Yunus has been jailed for seven years for fraud and tax evasion.
More than 100 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea in the past year, police say.
England's women won their first Six Nations title with a hard-fought win over Ireland in Dublin.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Sunni Muslim clerics in northern Lebanon, officials say.
All Girl Guides in England and Wales will no longer be required to swear a religious oath, a consultation has found.
The number of illegal immigrants being detained or arrested by police in Dover has risen sharply, figures show.
"Gibraltarpedia" is the name of a new project being launched by the Gibraltar government.
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here star David Wright has agreed a deal to take over Isthmian League sideillericay Town, the club's manager has confirmed.
Rochdale's League One play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Bradford.
A firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was seriously injured when he was hit by a forklift truck in a warehouse in Grantham.
The Irish government has failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, according to a new report.
Lord Heseltine, the former deputy prime minister, has called for a "industrial strategy" to improve education in England.
The ancestors of some of Europe's earliest farmers are the closest ancestors to present-day Basques, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released seven players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a busy year for us in the UK.
Wales will be better off having a Labour prime minister than a Tory, the leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said.
A new post-16 college is to be built in Flintshire, the county council has announced.
Burnley have signed striker Danny Walters from Premier League side Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Brazilian actor Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role as a teacher in a children's TV series, has died at the age of 88.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Steve Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff could have been saved if there had been a proper response, a coroner has ruled.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal striker Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" in response to the publication of controversial cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
When Magda Tilli and Miguel Tilli decided to start their own company in Lisbon in 2009, they had no choice but to take a gamble.
There's a new Sherlock Holmes attraction in London called Maze.
Apple's refusal to help the FBI unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman could be a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the UN has said.
Florida has declared a state of emergency in a river that was contaminated with toxic blue-green algae.
The new series of Doctor Who will not return for any more series, the show's showrunner has said.
A rollercoaster crash at Universal Studios which left five people injured is to be reopened, it has been announced.
Ospreys director of rugby Steve Hore says the region is "looking at both scenarios" after the departure of head coach Lee Johnson.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Clermont Auvergne fly-half Tom Abendanon says he has "changed his mind" on playing for England.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen significantly, according to a government survey.
It's that time of year again when you're looking to find the greatest boxer in the world.
France is "clearly happy to see outcomes detrimental" to the City of London, the City's special representative to the EU has said.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill used to hitch-hike with German fans when he was in charge of the club.
Souleymane Doukara and Chris Wood scored twice as Leeds United came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
Alex Hales hit a career-best 30-ball century as Nottinghamshire beat Durham in the T20 Blast.
A cancer patient who raised more than Â£10,000 for charity by selling her paintings has been discharged from hospital.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles says his side are "not that good" after their one-day defeat by Worcestershire.
A lifeboat station on the Channel Island has been closed after a dispute over a coxswain's conduct.
Scientists have discovered the earliest stages of the life of a dinosaur that lived in an egg.
Northern Ireland have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals for the first time in their history.
A hospital trust has made "very serious mistakes" in the way it dealt with the death of a newborn baby, a report has found.
A campaign manager for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a Washington Post reporter in Florida.
Land Rover has long been known for its rugged offroad vehicles.
A mother accused of drowning her two-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud in a Surrey by-election.
A Bristol park which was used to host the Dismaland music festival has been taken over by a charity.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has been banned from all sport for three years by the French government for failing a drugs test.
The US military has cancelled a port visit to Australia after North Korea failed to arrive in the Western Pacific.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in County Londonderry.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said he will look to other areas of the force to reduce overheads.
Novak Djokovic was knocked out of the Madrid Masters in the quarter-finals after losing 6-4 6-2 to Spain's Fernando Verdasco.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo dos Santos from Fiorentina for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is one of the world's most popular running events.
Stoke City manager Lee Collins says the club's interest in Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford was genuine.
A former Sri Lankan defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of the capital, Colombo.
Australian politicians have reacted angrily to a video released by the country's most popular politician, Peter Katter, in the wake of the Orlando shooting.
The NHS in England will be able to limit the number of patients that can be given a new drug to £20m a year, under a new plan.
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford City on penalties.
Food banks are increasingly seeing people slipping through the safety net of social security, according to a report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Northampton Town manager Paul Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One side Stourbridge was the "biggest achievement" of his career.
Lyon and Besiktas played out a tense Europa League first-round tie at Lyon's Parc Olympique Lyonnais, despite police warning fans to stay away.
Up to 2.5 million savers in the UK may not be protected from financial compensation, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Norwich City have signed former Bournemouth and Norwich City midfielder David Surman on a two-year deal.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben from Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
Wales Under-20 secured their first win of the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Italy in Rome.
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of a man in Dublin more than 20 years ago have begun a search of a site in the Republic of Ireland.
Arsenal have extended their partnership with Boreham Wood until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has renewed its £3.7m kit sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 has reached an agreement with its rivals on the controversial double points rule.
Ed Miliband has said he would be "devastated" if Britain were out of the European Union.
Leicester Tigers head coach Danny Murphy says the Anglo-Welsh Cup can help the club's hopes of finishing in the Premiership's top four.
Macclesfield maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Three brothers have been jailed for more than four years for drug offences linked to the seizure of cocaine and ecstasy in east Belfast.
Yahoo is considering bringing its news briefing app to wearables, a teenager has said.
Liverpool striker Sadio Mane is set to return to action for the first time since suffering a knee injury in the 2-0 defeat by Crystal Palace.
The Queen has an "amazing" Scottish accent, her cousin has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a woman was held hostage at a bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming's performance director Mark Scott has been sacked after a review found he failed to meet Olympic targets.
Michael Phelps missed out on a fourth successive Olympic gold medal as Singapore's Michael Schooling won the men's 100m butterfly at the Rio Games.
A seven-year-old boy has applied to become the Football Association's new England manager.
A Conservative MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act.
England's David Davis has been knocked out of the World Championship qualifiers in the first round of qualifying.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been taken to hospital after receiving a distress call from the Isle of Wight coastguard.
A dog had to be rescued after becoming stuck in a chair.
The owners of two zoos in Ceredigion have been fined for illegally selling endangered animals.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, the media chief of so-called Islamic State (IS), has been killed in an air strike in Syria, the group says.
A man has been jailed for killing his ex-girlfriend at a railway station in Dorset.
A woman has been killed after her bus hit a wall in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash in the Isle of Man.
Valtteri Bottas has been linked with a move to Ferrari to replace Jenson Button at Williams next season.
British actor Julian Moore has said he was "never saying 'Martini, shaken not stirred' when playing Sean Connery in the new James Bond film.
Thousands of older people in Scotland are facing delays in the care provision they need, according to a charity.
Rabbit and hares are an important part of the UK's ecosystem, according to a conservation group.
Four people have admitted selling more than 750 cockerpoo puppies to prospective buyers for up to £750 each.
Four men have appeared in court charged with international terrorism after being arrested in Italy and Norway.
Amazon has launched its streaming service in the UK for the first time.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has allowed online travel agents to offer discounts on hotel rooms, under new conditions, the OFT has said.
(Close): Shares in mining giant Glencore fell more than 10% after it reported a fall in full-year profits.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's track Shake It Off from its list of the year's most popular songs.
Leeds Rhinos director of rugby Steve Carter says the club have been told they have six months' notice to take back ownership of the ground.
Prince William has said he takes royal duty "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been cleared to return for the start of the 2015 NFL season.
Japanese messaging app Line is planning to list its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
An ambulance driver who squeezed a colleague's breast while flirting with her has been struck off.
A council has said it is "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre.
The Russian consul in Athens has been found dead at his home in the Greek capital, Athens.
Renault has warned the Formula 1 authorities not to count on the company as a supplier of an engine.
Belfast City Council has said a major department store or department store could be suitable as an anchor tenant for the BBC in the city centre.
A man and a woman have been rescued from a tree in Greater Manchester.
A number of businesses in Birmingham have been targeted by thieves who have broken into their premises for the second time in a week.
A police officer in India has said that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to host Strictly Come Dancing's Children In Need special, the BBC has announced.
The UK will continue to offer free trade to developing countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has completed the Great North Run for the first time in her life.
A bomb attack on the National Security Service (NDS) building in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least seven people, officials say.
China is experiencing one of the world's most unaffordable property markets.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year-old man who was knocked down by a glass in his back garden.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been urged to resign by the Nelson Mandela Foundation.
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors have been approved by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling's ambition is to win trophies at the club.
Working until you can't work is a big issue for many young people in the developing world.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Great Britain will host the European Judo Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes in March next year.
Stafford's County Hospital has been rated as "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Vern Cotter says he understands Gregor Townsend's decision to leave the Scottish Rugby Union.
A German data watchdog has ordered Facebook to hand over users' data to its parent company, WhatsApp.
Matthew Perry is to appear in a special of the US sitcom Friends, according to his spokeswoman.
Wales have been praised by the prime minister and first minister for their "fantastic performance" during the Euro 2016 final.
More than 20 mosques across Britain are to open their doors to the public to mark Visit My Mosque Day, a Muslim organisation has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by rumours linking him with the England coaching job.
The UK would be a "shock" to the world economy if it voted to leave the EU, G20 finance ministers have warned.
A former soldier who was awarded the Ministry of Defence medal for his bravery in Iraq says he is struggling to get help for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton wants to "abolish" the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign to urge the Liberal Democrats to apologise for their pledge to scrap tuition fees.
The UK's anti-slavery commissioner has said he is "extremely concerned" about the number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria.
Older adults are more likely to have shorter telomeres than their younger counterparts, a study suggests.
Turkish police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters in Istanbul and Izmir.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
David Harris has called for the BBC to have a dedicated books programme.
The chief of staff to a Conservative MP has been charged with rape and sexual assault.
A primary school in West Yorkshire has been badly damaged in a fire.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Stuart Hogg says the club's new 4G pitch will help them "find their feet" in the 2016-17 season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, dragged down by banking stocks.
A hospital in Los Angeles has been hit by a ransomware attack demanding a ransom of $17,000 (£12,000).
British Badminton rider Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" after suffering a traumatic brain injury in a fall at last year's event.
The brother of a Perthshire aid worker who was abducted and held hostage in Syria has said he has no hatred for extremists.
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said a Commons committee will look into the appointment of a new clerk of the House.
A teenager from Orkney has become the first baby to be born on an air ambulance flight in 40 years.
Jeremy Corbyn has said the death of Osama bin Laden was an "assassination attempt" and there was no attempt to arrest him.
Angelina Jolie is to star in a new film about Kenya's wildlife chief, John Leakey, who has been praised for his work against poachers.
Family Guy will stay on the BBC for the next two years, the corporation has announced.
Wreaths are to be laid across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as the new Scottish Secretary.
Sir Paul McCartney has been named the richest man in the UK and Ireland by the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former Conservative MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
Somerset captain Michael Rogers says his side "have no regrets" after they were beaten by Middlesex in the One-Day Cup.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney knew the size of the Scottish government's budget last month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is considering removing Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been sacked by Manchester United after an argument with the club's boss.
David Goodwin says he is "not making an official announcement" about his future as Alloa Athletic manager.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Leicester City manager after just nine months in charge of the Premier League champions.
A diagnosis of measles was not enough to explain the death of a man who died from the disease, Public Health Wales has said.
A teenager accused of planning a bomb attack on Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he did not consider people to be "race traitors".
The government's Brexit bill has been passed by the House of Commons, despite Labour MPs rebelling against it.
A Conservative MP has said the government's decision to cut business rates in England and Wales is "sensible".
Dover kept their National League play-off hopes alive with a 2-0 win over Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Firefighters at Alton Towers have described what they described as the "most technical rescue they will ever carry out".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into the rigging of foreign exchange markets.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the near future.
The number of drivers caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Wales has fallen by more than a third, new figures have shown.
A man has been arrested after cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £1m were found in County Antrim.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed two bills to allow Crimea and other breakaway Georgian territories to become Russian citizens.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said he is "very much welcome" the rise in teacher numbers in Scotland.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Glasgow city centre.
A man has been jailed for possessing a self-loading pistol and ammunition without a certificate.
A new unisex lavatory in China's capital, Beijing, is to open later this year, state media report.
The treason investigation into two German journalists who published classified documents on a state secret website has sparked a national outcry.
The International Space Station (ISS) is being used to carry out a series of experiments aimed at improving human health.
Leeds United defender Luke Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for changing his team's set-up.
Hearts have unveiled plans to upgrade their main stand at Hampden Park.
In Brilon, a small town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Angela Merkel's party is in the grip of a political crisis.
Vladimir Putin's top adviser on Ukraine has warned that the country could be plunged into chaos if the US does not intervene.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a car at a farm in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Welsh government can set minimum wage levels for agricultural workers.
Liam Payne has thanked fans for sticking with One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed into law a controversial controversial abortion bill.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to the use of foreign aid.
Championship side Fulham have signed Kristoffer Christensen on a season-long loan from Fulham.
Former Miami Dolphins player Michael Konrad has died after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
The chief constable of Northern Ireland's police force has said he is disappointed with the outcome of political talks on dealing with the legacy of the past.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney have marked the 50th anniversary of the first lunchtime session at Liverpool's Cavern Club.
Britain's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady have been knocked out of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Thailand's Supreme Court has filed a criminal case against former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said "millions of people are turned off" by the idea of a pledge stone in Downing Street if he becomes prime minister.
Plans for a new education campus in the Borders have been submitted to the council.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his role as Widow Twanky in the 1970s Royal Variety Performance, has died at the age of 91.
Crawley recorded their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over Leyton Orient.
A boy with autism has been left "more anxious and closed" after his iPad was stolen from his home.
A weaker pound and a softer domestic market are likely to slow UK growth in 2017 and 2018, according to a think tank.
A group of street vendors have launched a series of guided tours of Edinburgh.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at a prison in Milton Keynes have lost a judicial review claim.
We want to hear from you about the earthquake that struck Nepal in May 2015.
Critics have given The Dark Knight Rises a five-star review, with one describing it as "a masterpiece of comic book filmmaking".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Jack Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The first female acts to be announced for this year's Bestival music festival have been announced.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with mining shares leading the way.
More than 11,000 athletes at the Rio Olympics failed to pass drugs tests in 2016, according to a damning report.
A US Muslim group has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after receiving a suspicious package containing a white powder.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was strangled with a ligature.
The chairman of China's biggest clothing company, Metersbonwe, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing, the company has said.
The BBC is a very good at keeping secrets.
An electronic drug prescribing system should be introduced in all hospitals in Wales, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a fall in half-year revenues and warned that cost savings will be "hard to achieve".
A group that runs steam locomotives between Aviemore and Broomhill has said it needs to build a new crossing.
In Berlin, the German press is preparing for what it calls a "cataclysmic" Brexit.
A nurse who posted sexually explicit and degrading messages on Facebook has been sacked from the health service.
A new musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has become embroiled in a row with the music industry over the way it handles copyright disputes.
A woman has been scammed out of £50,000 by scammers pretending to be her solicitor.
A man has died after his car crashed into a tree in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of a dinosaur 10 times bigger than the biggest elephant.
Chile has accused Venezuela of "bowing to pressure from the most reactionary sections of the bourgeoisie" over the detention of a prominent journalist.
Dogs should be banned from beaches in Worcestershire, according to a council survey.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected in November.
The names of Bomber Command veterans who died in World War Two are to be unveiled at a new centre.
Motorists are being warned to take extra care ahead of the arrival of the first spring bank holiday of the year.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Bavaria, officials say.
Sussex all-rounder David Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England suffered a nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the first Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a woman who was stabbed to death at a Catholic school.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "proud" of Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood.
A man has been arrested after a security guard was racially abused on a train.
A court in India's western state of Gujarat has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for her role in 2002 communal riots.
Bangladesh has named nine of the men who carried out Saturday's attack on a cafe in the capital.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Conor McGregor at 154lbs in Las Vegas on 8 August.
Australian internet service providers (ISPs) have been ordered to hand over customer details in a copyright infringement case.
Wigan Warriors prop Luke Flower has been banned for six months for an elbow injury.
Nasa has announced plans to send humans to Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a fall in fourth-quarter revenue.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 girls and women abducted by Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Israel's planning committee has postponed a planned vote on authorising more than 1,000 new homes in the occupied West Bank.
Former Ajax captain Dirk Kluivert Sr scored his first goal for the club as they beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of UK property transactions fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice prize for best film at the Toronto Film Festival.
A group of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest ever naan bread.
Edinburgh is to mark the centenary of the Queen's 90th birthday with a series of events.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for three years for raping and sexually abusing girls at school.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank has been replaced by a French financier, the Vatican has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is the leader of the Labour Party, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's lower house of parliament has rejected a bill that would have allowed former leader Thaksin Shinawatra to return to the country without serving a jail sentence.
JP Morgan is planning to move its European operations out of London as part of contingency plans for Brexit, according to reports.
Britain's Adam Rutherford won the T44 men's 100m at the Great City Games in Manchester, extending his lead at the top of the medal table.
Some parents are overfeeding their infants and young children out of fear of them being underfed, research suggests.
The Ulster Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not stand for re-election in Northern Ireland.
A woman who lost her mother to breast cancer has called the treatment "barbaric" after being denied it on the NHS in Scotland.
Tranmere kept their National League play-off hopes alive with a thumping 4-1 win at Dover.
Blackpool fans have been granted more time to respond to a lawsuit brought by a Blackpool fan.
Britain's Chris Froome won the final stage of the Tour de France as he retained the leader's yellow jersey on Saturday.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings, designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has been officially opened in Glasgow.
Dom Thomas has joined Queens Park Rangers on a season-long loan from Motherwell, while Joe Thomson has joined Dumbarton on a permanent deal.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Michael McIlhagga.
Rescue teams have begun an initial survey of the structure of the grounding of the oil rig Deepwater Horizon.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a collection of World War Two medals from his home.
The government should ban the use of fireworks in back gardens in England, an MP has said.
Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz and his Florida rival Marco Rubio are not just sparring over immigration.
A 69-year-old priest has accused five bishops of failing to act on allegations he was sexually abused by a vicar in the 1980s.
Jockeys should be allowed to race on Good Friday for the first time in the UK's winter racing calendar, the sport's chief executive has said.
More women should be allowed to take up public roles in Wales, a group of MPs has said.
Mesut Ozil says he is keen to stay at Arsenal after the club's pre-season tour of Australia and China.
The son of one of the Paris attackers has been buried in France for the first time, according to reports.
Sergio Garcia shot a five-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the second round of the BMW Championship.
Ruweyda is a 12-year-old girl who has a lot of anxiety.
Two bottles of whisky found on the Isle of Canna could be added to the collection of the Scottish National Trust for Scotland.
A Mesolithic encampment in Amesbury has been described as the "latest dated Mesolithic site in the UK".
The UK would lose up to £850 a year if it left the European Union, according to a think tank.
Wolves moved to within a point of the Championship play-offs with victory at Leeds United.
Actress Lena Dunham has written an essay about her decision to close a deal with Sony Pictures without a real fight.
A 17-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after his father's powerboat overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton.
A glacier in the Himalayas is disintegrating and forming a few large and potentially hazardous lakes, scientists say.
BBC Sport looks at some of the top stories in the news in the UK this week.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest who was sentenced to 18 months in jail for leaking documents.
Star Trek Beyond, the new film about Hikaru Sulu, has been praised for introducing the character's sexuality.
The results of the general election in England and Wales have been released.
Benefit claimants will be assessed on a regular basis to see if they are fit to work, the work and pensions secretary has said.
Eugene has defended its decision to award the 2021 World Championships to Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he would resign if the Conservatives do not choose a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a comfortable win over Boreham Wood.
A former civil servant in Myanmar has admitted buying a fake PhD degree.
There is a "significant risk" to the health of a former soldier who fired the rubber bullet that killed a boy in west Belfast, a coroner has said.
The BBC is to return to its popular highlights programme at Wimbledon.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of several hundred thousand pounds after their flood defence collapsed.
A County Armagh law firm partner has admitted defrauding a bank out of £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game as Manchester United came from behind to beat Hull City and go top of the Premier League.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Joachim Pomsel, the former secretary of Nazi leader Joseph Goebbels, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has accused Russia of violating its airspace over the Syrian city of Palmyra on Saturday.
Swansea City fans have paid for the tickets for the club's final two Premier League games of the season.
At least 20 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after suffering blood poisoning at a hospital in Surrey was not given the "best chance" of survival, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council member has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office.
Curzon is to be honoured with a Bafta Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award.
Barrow manager Mark Cowley says his side are "living in cloud cuckoo land" after their 2-0 win over Braintree.
Angelique Kerber beat Dominika Cibulkova to reach the second round of the WTA Finals in New York.
Councils and housing associations should be allowed to sell off their social housing stock, the government has said.
Guernsey have won their second table tennis gold medal of the 2015 Island Games in Gotland.
(Close): Shares in ITV and Carillion led the FTSE 100 higher after the airline said it had appointed a new chief executive.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
Lord Sugar has called for a spin-off series of The Apprentice to be broadcast on the BBC.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from a car crash.
A man has been charged with murder after a man's body was found in a Leeds park.
At least 52 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion at a pipeline in Mexico, officials say.
A world champion boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend.
Five Herefordshire churches have been awarded grants to help fund repairs to their buildings.
Syrian government forces have been accused of dropping chlorine gas on rebel-held areas of the city of Aleppo.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win men's doubles gold at the Rio Olympics.
Arthur the dog has been living in a studio in London for the past two years.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Canada for their first official tour of the country.
New incubators are to be fitted to Wales Air Ambulance's new helicopter to help manage neonates born at home or in hospital.
A rare eagle has returned to the nest of a nest in Perthshire after spending several hours in nearby trees.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has been appointed as the new patron of a charity that supports victims of rape.
In the wake of the deaths of two children in a car crash, it is important to consider the impact of the incident on the company.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
England's Paul Donald has been named as the new ambassador for The Grove Golf Club.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says the club are in talks with Watford over a centre-half.
Imagine you are on your way to one of Formula 1's most prestigious races.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US officials say.
A man accused of murdering a drug dealer in Flintshire has told a court he banged its handle on the window of his car.
Plans to redevelop a former gay bar into flats have been approved by Tower Hamlets Council.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has reprimanded three Irish boxers for placing bets on boxing contests at the Rio Olympics.
A cabinet minister has announced he will stand against David Cameron in the EU referendum.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Biles reflects on her father's role in the evacuation of World War Two.
A head teacher has offered staff one additional day a year to help recruit and retain staff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban Russian athletes from the Rio Paralympics.
A Powys school has offered to take over the running of its library.
A powerful earthquake has struck off the coast of Japan, killing at least one person and injuring hundreds more, officials say.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football player has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £572,000 from a quarry firm.
A new community centre has been officially opened in Llandaff.
Nato has been accused of "denial" over the deaths of civilians in its air strikes in Libya last year.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been cancelled because of security concerns.
A new vertical pier is to be built in a County Durham town.
Britain's Mo Farah broke his own world record in the men's half marathon at the Lisbon Marathon.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has said there will be indirect talks on a political solution to the conflict in Syria on Monday.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are aiming to win a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow next month.
A man has been arrested after a gun was fired at a house in Londonderry.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon over its policy of barring women from serving in the US military.
Pope Benedict XVI's resignation from the papacy was greeted with two surprise surprises.
Mae cwmni wnaeth o gyllid fel bod cynghorau yn gallu darparu pecyn gofal i gyngor Conwy yng Nghymru.
A fire service station crewed by on-call retained crews missed the target of 15 minutes in responding to a blaze, it has emerged.
Sam Warburton says Wales must take "a few risks" when they face New Zealand in the second Test in Auckland on Saturday.
Cole Stockton's first-half goal gave Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover.
Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers scored twice as Grimsby came from behind to beat Accrington.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi after a large number of spoiled ballots were counted.
Russian police have raided the homes of suspected Aum Shinrikyo cultists in St Petersburg, Russian state media report.
Kenya's Nwankwo Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's 10km marathon as Bahrain's Ephraim Kirwa finished fourth.
A man has been reunited with his father's classic car after it crossed the Atlantic four times.
Britain's Emily Pavey won gold in the women's 5,000m at the World Championships in London.
A former DUP minister has resigned from the Northern Ireland Executive after a spike in applications for the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
When millionaire Peter Morgan strangled his ex-girlfriend to death at his home in the grounds of Newport Castle in 2015, he had no idea she had Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of former Australia captain Phillip Hughes.
Mae'r ddynes wedi euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol i Joshua Deguara trwy yrru'n beryglus a chyhuddiad o fygwth.
Millwall reached the League One play-off final for the first time in their history with a draw against Bradford.
A man has been fined for fly-tipping rubbish which was dumped on his land before being cleared up.
A new species of fish-sized gecko has been discovered in Germany.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) to settle a Chinese antitrust case.
Rafael Renard has been named in Morocco's squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "disappointed" that St Mirren left-back Kenny McLean has not been included in Gordon Strachan's Scotland squad.
Mark Ronson has released his first single, Uptown Funk, in the UK.
The proportion of young people taking A-levels in their council areas is the lowest in the UK, according to a new analysis.
Coronation Street has been named best soap of the year at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Cannabis plants have been found in a former cinema in Aberdeenshire.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has said the deportation of a Bangor student is "callous and inhumane".
A Cardiff college is being investigated by the police over allegations that some students have been defrauded out of Â£21,000.
A Canadian man has been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle drugs into the US from Canada, officials say.
A section of rocket wreckage found off the coast of Northumberland has been identified as that of a SpaceX spacecraft.
The mother of Caylee Anthony, the six-year-old girl who drowned in a Florida swimming pool, has said she is "fine" with herself.
North Korea has paid wages to workers at its Kaesong industrial complex, South Korea's unification ministry has said.
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about their players' training routines.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with rape and child sex offences, police have said.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas finances, according to the BBC.
England's hopes of reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia.
A student who lost part of her hand after a night out has said she is lucky to have the prosthetic.
Pako Ayestaran says he is "fantastic" at replacing Gary Neville as Valencia manager.
A dog has been rescued after being shot in the head with a crossbow.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of up to 14 million US government employees, US officials say.
Germany's Bundesbank has proposed raising the retirement age for state workers to 69.
Bath have signed two new Under-20s players on loan until the end of the season.
Ned's Marianne Vos won the Women's Tour of Britain by seven seconds from Germany's Amy Pieters.
The M4 in County Armagh has reopened after a crash involving a car and a lorry.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year nominees will be announced later.
The appointment of a former BBC journalist as the Northern Ireland Executive Press Secretary has been criticised by opposition politicians.
Firefighters in Stirling and Clackmannanshire have tackled a number of fires on Bonfire Night.
Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Kei Nishikori are among the world's most successful tennis stars.
A search is under way for the remains of a village in Gower.
Scarlets moved up to second in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues.
Iran has begun a major offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Paris.
It's easy to see why the general election campaign has been so unpredictable.
Two Pembrokeshire councils have launched a bid to become UK Capital of Culture in 2021.
Lloyds Banking Group (RBS) has finally been taken over by the government.
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in China's Zhejiang province, the second major storm to hit the country in as many days.
Scientists have created new DNA- and RNA-like molecules that mimic the functions of DNA and RNA.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at Kenya's political crisis.
Forty-five people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota on suspicion of obstructing the construction of a controversial oil pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who went missing while foraging for vegetables has been found safe and well, rescuers say.
A soldier who carried the Olympic flame for nearly half an hour with the help of a friend has been told he will not be allowed to add his name to his Facebook page.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is enjoying his return to the Premier League after missing his family.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder at Heathrow Airport.
A man has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
US authorities say they have busted a $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) drug smuggling ring in Arizona.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2019, according to a new report from the World Bank.
A woman has been found guilty of making a pipe bomb in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken western Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS), officials say.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun has offered to buy Portuguese healthcare firm ESS.
"Cancer survives through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
Saracens captain James Barritt says the club are ready to "write a new chapter" in their Premiership history.
A British millionaire was unlawfully killed by his wife in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy week for the papers in Northern Ireland.
A group of students at the University of Reading have been studying Shakespeare's The Tempest.
A British woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her left eye for the first time in more than a month.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yng Nghymru.
Irish jockey Michael Moore will miss the rest of the season with a sore back.
Plans for 18 transit pitches and permanent pitches for holidaymakers in Lincolnshire have been rejected.
Former International Monetary Fund chief Mario Rato has gone on trial in Spain accused of stealing money from pensioners.
A statue of former Champion Hurdle winner John McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
The former leader of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), William Smith, has died at the age of 74.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics, the International Cycliste Internationale has announced.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has visited Egypt to reaffirm the strong support of the United States for the country's democratic transition.
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of a water treatment works.
Nato has condemned Russia's deployment of missiles to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad in the Baltic Sea.
Worcester Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions full-back Sam Hopkins for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United came from behind to earn a point against Newport County in the League Two play-off semi-final.
A new online consultation system has been launched to ease the transition from trainee doctors to GP students.
A documentary about the transition from celluloid to digital formats has been released by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
A dog has been captured on camera peering into a camera lens at a railway station.
Leeds United manager Massimo Cellino says he will buy a bus to ensure players who live outside the club stay together.
A former Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
H&M, the world's biggest fashion retailer, is to open a new range of stores in London and other European cities.
A competition to find the world's heaviest tomato has opened in Harrogate.
A children's website has been nominated for the Bafta Children's Awards for the first time.
Paris St-Germain were crowned champions for the first time in their history as they beat Nacional 4-1 in the final of the Ligue 1 season.
The Bank of England is to test the resilience of UK banks against a major external shock.
Paris St-Germain have signed Roma midfielder Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a bridge collapsed on the M25 motorway.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Aberdeenshire.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot US President-elect Donald Trump has said she is "terrified" he will be found guilty.
Apple has been accused of "dumbing down" the terms of its new news app, Apple News.
More needs to be done to tackle cyber-bullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have been assaulted by police, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people have been evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire broke out in a wheelie bin.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes against militant hideouts in the north-west of the country.
The White House has been ordered to release the names of visitors to President Donald Trump's Trump Tower in New York.
A new species of wasp has been discovered in the Mekong delta in the south-east of Asia.
A man has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting a woman in Canterbury in June 2014.
Scientists have developed miniaturised devices that can control the body's response to sugar levels.
A 22-year-old motorcyclist has died after a crash with a car in east London.
A man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than a week has been found safe and well.
Labour is "in clearly in no shape to assume power", the House of Commons Speaker has said, following a row over the party's leadership.
The owner of Alliance Trust has said it will not make an offer to buy the asset management firm.
Michael Keatley's late drop-goal gave Munster a dramatic victory over Edinburgh in the Pro12 at Murrayfield.
Shares in Booker have fallen after the supermarket said it was in talks with the government over a possible merger.
Gas prices have risen sharply in the wake of a two-week shutdown by Russia over the Ukraine crisis.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says goalkeeper Berra is the best defender in the Premier League.
Formula 1 teams have been given more time to develop the 'halo' chassis before the 1 July deadline.
Lithium salts have been shown to prolong the life of fruit flies, a study suggests.
More than 100 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in London are to be transferred to a temporary home, the Home Office has said.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum, his spokesman has said.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised plans to extend the Premiership season to 10 months.
More than 2,200 homes in Northern Ireland have been left without power due to severe weather.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who was abducted by Islamist militants in 2014, has said she will never forget them.
Glamorgan dominated the second day of their County Championship match against Derbyshire at the Millennium Stadium.
A man has been found dead in a street in west London.
A ferry has been withdrawn from service on the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room ventilation fan failed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alison Settle looks at why the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) dropped a rape case against a woman who had been locked in a flat.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it has "turned the page" in its row with Tunisia.
France stunned England to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time in their history.
A teenager from Londonderry has been selected to fight at the European Taekwondo Championships in Austria in June.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a US judge to be jailed for sexually assaulting a student on campus.
Plans for a new visitor centre at the National Trust for Scotland (YSP) have been unveiled.
Scotland's front pages have declared a "historic" victory for the SNP in the Holyrood election.
A fire at a scrapyard in Monmouthshire is being treated as arson, police have said.
League Two side Fleetwood Town have signed former Bradford City and Bournemouth striker James McShane on a two-year deal.
The family of former North Wales Police superintendent John Anglesea are to seek leave to appeal against his conviction.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, best known for her role as a blind woman in Casablanca, has died at the age of 91.
The leaders of the European Union and Turkey have held a summit in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis.
The opening of the new Forth Road Bridge has been pushed back 180 days.
A sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre.
A new £10m university campus has been officially opened.
Work is under way to restore a section of the historic Swansea canal which has been abandoned and filled in for more than 50 years.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's biggest upmarket burger chain, has been bought by a South African firm.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game touchline ban and fined £250 by the Scottish Football Association for his behaviour during a clash with Morton.
England beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to reach the World Twenty20 semi-finals in Delhi.
It's been a long time since a video game was released.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Laura Stanning have become the first British athletes to win Olympic gold medals, as Britain's men's and women's rowing medals were celebrated in London.
Great Britain's catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup qualifiers by two challengers.
In the wake of the South African Springboks' defeat by France in the European Champions Cup, the Pro12's director of rugby Mark Dodson and chief executive Peter Browne have been talking about the future of the competition.
Charles Darwin was one of the most famous scientists in British history.
Leinster moved seven points clear at the top of the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Scarlets.
The UK is to host events to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, the government has announced.
US President Barack Obama has said the Ferguson unrest is a "solvable problem" that needs to be addressed.
Bombardier has unveiled a new CS100 jet at its Belfast base.
Los Angeles police have said they have received a credible threat of a school shooting in the city.
Northern Ireland women suffered a 2-1 defeat by Spain in the first round of the Under-19 Women's EuroHockey Championship in Belfast.
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has been accused of misleading the public about the number of premises it connected during the first half of 2017.
Rail operator Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are out of use for corrosion repairs.
David Cameron must make clear that he will abandon his pledge to reduce net migration if he wins the EU referendum, a Labour MP has said.
In the 1980s, Roman playwright Ivan Bogdanov says he felt "a huge juggernaut rolling over" him.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" cheese race in the Blackmore Vale.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has donated $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) to charity, according to a filing in the US.
A UKIP MEP has said he does not have a dog in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as leader of the party.
When you are heavily pregnant, it can be hard to prepare for a major international sporting event while feeling the effects of the Zika virus.
Lithuania's Anna Meilutyte set a new European record in the women's 200m freestyle final.
Bristol City moved three points clear at the top of the Championship with victory over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended for a "clear breach" of disciplinary standards after an incident outside a restaurant in Cardiff.
Optimism in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have backed plans for a Ladies' friendly at Upton Park.
People on benefits are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements, according to a study.
Two accountants have been banned from working at the Oscars after they handed the wrong envelope to the presenters.
Hundreds of Tata Steel workers have marched through Brussels to protest against the company's decision to cut 1,000 jobs.
Theresa May has said she wants the question of what will happen to EU citizens living in the UK when the UK leaves the EU to be dealt with "as soon as possible".
The European Union has revealed the names of 89 senior Russian officials it has banned from entering the EU.
Two rival gangs in Honduras have announced a truce in a bid to end their long-running civil war.
The founder of GoPro has unveiled a quadcopter that can be fitted with a video camera.
Plans to cut bus subsidies for pupils of faith or voluntary-aided schools in Dumfries and Galloway have been dropped.
Europe's Ryder Cup captain Phil Mickelson says he is "dreaming" to play for Europe in the 2018 Ryder Cup.
The financial sustainability of local authorities in England is being questioned by MPs on the Public Accounts Committee.
Newcastle manager Rafael Benitez says his side will have to fight "right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker player Lee Jae-yong has been fined £1,600 after failing to send a match-fixing cue to a customer.
A case against a woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham has been dropped.
Android has received the largest software update the world has ever seen, according to security experts.
A woman who tried to kill her unborn baby by poisoning her with a poison has been jailed for six years.
England maintained their 100% start to the Women's World Twenty20 with a seven-wicket win over West Indies in the third one-day international in Barbados.
Olympic heptathlon champion Laura Sotherton says scrapping world records is "unfair".
Three hospitals in Bristol and Weston-super-Mare have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS.
David Cameron has said the UK has not changed its policy towards China and Tibet, despite reports that he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister's late goal earned Eastleigh a draw with Aldershot in the National League.
A number of cars have been vandalised in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
At least four people have been killed in floods and landslides in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW).
If you want to be a space entrepreneur, you might want to start with a space suit.
Italian police have accused a mafia clan of stealing more than €100m ($109m/£85m) from an immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his estranged wife after posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Ben Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
The use of private ambulances in London has more than quadrupled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a tax case against telecoms giant Vodafone.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has retired from international football at the age of 67.
Asian shares have fallen after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate for the first time in more than a decade.
A report into the Casement Park stadium project in Londonderry has called for an independent mediator to help resolve "key issues".
A bike hire scheme in Dumfries has been criticised by councillors.
The football association has paid tribute to Worcester teenager Joel Richards, who died in the Tunisia terror attack.
A North Korean man detained in Malaysia over the death of Kim Jong-nam has accused the country of trying to blackmail him.
Two teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a vicar was robbed at knifepoint.
Scotland scrum-half George Hamilton has retired from international rugby after nine years with the club.
Britain's Adam Lewis won a gold medal in the men's 5.55m steeplechase at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has erased references to Harambe, the gorilla who was shot dead by staff.
China's economy grew by 6.8% in the final quarter of 2015, slower than expected, according to official figures.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-sulphur battery.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is "very, very confident" of winning the Premier League.
The Church of England has announced the first woman to be nominated to be its new bishop.
Oldham moved up to second in League One with victory over Wigan.
Swindon Town have been told to make an emergency call up to the squad for Saturday's League Two match against Huddersfield Town.
The brother of a woman who died after being stabbed in Dundee has been charged with her murder.
The Royal Mail has painted a gold medal postbox in Henley-on-Thames as a "piece of the Olympics coming back to people's doorsteps".
England's hopes of winning the second Test against Bangladesh were dealt a blow on day two in Dhaka.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
A procession and party will be held to mark the 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US commitment to NATO is "ironclad".
Plans to reduce the risk of flooding in the UK’s uplands have been criticised by conservationists.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's Champions League game against Real Madrid with a foot injury.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in the Borders.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected Chinese economic data.
Police in the northern Indian state of Gujarat say they have arrested eight men who tried to take their own lives during a protest against the slaughter of cows.
Former News of the World presenter Paul Gascoigne and ex-Comedian Chris Coogan have been awarded more than £100,000 in damages over phone hacking.
Scientists have recreated the internal compass used by butterflies to navigate the length of Mexico.
The University of Warrington has unveiled a new computer capable of performing more than 33,000 trillion calculations per second.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it, following Monday's failed coup.
A World War Two fighter jet once owned by the RAF has been put up for sale online.
A former Labour group leader has been elected as the new leader of Birmingham City Council.
Surfers have been taking advantage of a record-breaking storm to surf off the coast of Scotland.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final warm-up game before Euro 2016.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha says his players are "delighted" by their start to the season.
The number of jobs being created in Northern Ireland by graduates who speak languages such as French and Spanish has increased, according to Micro Focus Belfast.
Work has begun on the world's largest radioactive shield to protect the remains of the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
Tour de France champion Chris Froome has been hit by a car in France, police have said.
From April 2015, Northern Ireland's local councils will have the power to make a number of important decisions.
A former textile mill in West Yorkshire has been destroyed in a fire.
Cambridgeshire's County Council has said it has "no such concerns" about bunting used to decorate the streets of Cambridge for the Tour de France.
A 94-year-old Indian temple official has said that allowing women into the sanctum of a Hindu shrine would increase the risk of rape.
A woman accused of sexually abusing three girls in Sheffield has told a court her daughter became "horrible".
A father has described the moment he found his baby daughter's body in a bus stop.
The Border Agency has questioned staff at a curry house run by the UKIP leadership candidate, after they were questioned about their immigration status.
An Australian expedition ship that ran aground in the Antarctic on Wednesday has been refloated and flown home.
Four people have been rescued after a yacht broke down off the coast of Larne, County Antrim.
Spain's Santander and Germany's Deutsche Bank have been ordered to carry out annual tests on their ability to deal with "doomsday" scenarios.
A fund set up by the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £7,000 in its first day of fundraising, her husband has said.
Online grocer Ocado has reported a record profit for the first time in its history, helped by a deal with Waitrose.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says it would be a "massive mistake" to get complacent if they fail to qualify for Euro 2016.
A group of AMs has warned that a "seamless" border between Northern Ireland and Wales could lead to job losses.
An unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in County Down.
Teenager Sarah Adderley has won the Scottish National Squash Championships for a seventh time.
Former Strathclyde Labour leader John Matheson is to stand for re-election as a councillor.
A police station in the southern Pakistani province of Helmand has been attacked by militants, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers going on to a positive destination in higher education has reached its highest ever level, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the extinction of the human race could happen within the next hundred years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Charley Harman both shot a seven-under-par round of 63 to share the lead heading into the final round of the US Open.
A Turkish woman applying for a job in Germany has to send a photo of herself in a headscarf to be invited for interview, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says he is in the "most solid place" he has been in this season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Thousands of Mexicans have marched through the capital, Mexico City, in support of same-sex marriage.
Police have arrested two teenagers after an anti-social behaviour operation at Celtic Park on Friday night.
A man who raped a woman more than 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
The number of people aged 25 and over owning their own home has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to new research.
The family of a soldier who was found dead at a Surrey barracks more than 20 years ago have applied for a fresh inquest into his death.
It has been a year since the death of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew.
Three Dundee students have created a "baggage" with a voice-activated credit card hidden inside a plastic bag.
Two men have been charged with historical child sex abuse at a boarding school.
Harlequins have signed former Wasps scrum-half Tom Jackson for an undisclosed fee.
Worcestershire and Kent have been unable to play on the first day of their County Championship Division Two match because of a frozen outfield.
A passenger ferry has caught fire in the Balearic Islands port of Palma de Mallorca.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim have made a number of arrests.
A Caerphilly food firm has been fined £15,000 for failing to record when frozen meat was first frozen.
Robert Godin was working at a supermarket in the evenings after school, and then at a dry cleaner's on Saturdays.
A mystery ticket holder has been urged to check in pockets, bags and down the back of the sofa in a bid to claim £1m.
The French honorary consul for Bodrum in Turkey has denied she is selling supplies to migrants trying to reach Europe.
Scottish Independence Party leader Jim Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the party.
Eddie Redmayne is to play a transgender woman in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock 4-3 defeat by Mark Holt in the first round of the Welsh Grand Prix.
Passengers on the London Underground are being encouraged to wear badges to alert fellow passengers of their drug or alcohol problems.
Two Featherstone Rovers players have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
The authorities in Nigeria's capital, Lagos, have ordered the closure of more than 100 mosques in a crackdown on noise pollution.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon and move up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Jo Cox looks at why so many people are not getting end-of-life care.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised more than £22m through a share issue.
The Indian state of Kashmir has banned the traditional wedding of brides and grooms.
Adrian Gill, the editor of the Sunday Times, has died at the age of 83.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City's Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been on a mission to solve Europe's migration crisis.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the heartland of the lost Dark Age kingdom of Rheged.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey share the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Omar's dream of playing for Annan Athletic in the Scottish League Cup has come true.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% next year, a survey suggests.
A man who leased ambulances to a private ambulance company has said he is "aggrieved" that he has not been paid in full.
Lyon Ladies have signed United States striker Megan Morgan for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's Katie Cheshire missed out on a place in the slopestyle final at the World Skiing Championships in Sierra Nevada, Nevada.
British flyweight Nicola Adams has called for the length of rounds in women's boxing to be extended.
Sevilla missed the chance to become the first team to win three consecutive European titles as they were held to a draw by Dynamo Kiev in the first leg of their Europa League first leg.
The UK's Defence Secretary, Lieutenant General Philip Breedlove, has said Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine would have a "catastrophic impact" on the Black Sea.
It's that time of year when you dream of winning the Masters.
Ludwig the dog has become a household name in the Isle of Man.
Sinn Féin has called for a public inquiry into the botched heating scheme.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to retire over allegations of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
The number of people in Wales with diabetes has risen at an "alarming rate", according to a charity.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Lukasz Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operator of the LINK network of free-to-use ATMs in the UK is to hold talks with banks to try to resolve a dispute over fees.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak was paid $681m (Â£681m) to help his coalition win the 2013 election, a Saudi source has told the BBC.
Paul Eubank Jr says he will not let the death of his father Billy Blackwell affect his career as he prepares to defend his IBF middleweight title against Michael Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police have seized more than 1,000 life jackets from a workshop in the north-eastern city of Izmir, officials say.
A football fan has been given a suspended sentence for entering the pitch at Southend United's pre-season friendly.
David and Gabby Adcock have won the men's singles title for the first time at the British Indoor Bowls Championships.
Sheffield United came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move within a point of the League One play-off places.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Poland beat Romania in their opening World Cup qualifier.
A school in Adelaide, Australia, has won a competition to design a new national park.
All crew on the Northern Isles freight boats will be paid at least the minimum wage, the government has said.
Ospreys fly-half George North will make his first appearance of the season against Scarlets on Boxing Day.
Jockey David Ackerman has been banned for two years and fined £5,000 for betting on a race at Kempton and Wolverhampton.
Nato has formally launched its new mission in Afghanistan, ending a decade-long campaign against the Taliban.
A member of Germany's anti-immigrant party has been killed in a car crash in northern Germany, state media report.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
The first minister has accused Theresa May of "giving the impression sometimes that they do not listen" to the Welsh government.
Former England captain Paul Downton has been appointed as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new chief executive.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester have called for tougher penalties for drivers who kill.
Two sheep have been rescued from a garden in Londonderry.
Greece's governing party, Syriza, has announced a series of reforms aimed at stabilising the country's finances.
Gloucester Prison has been put up for sale.
Fern Britton has announced her retirement from BBC Radio 1, saying she felt like she had died.
Bath fly-half Tom Watson has been charged with unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham thrashed Woking to move back to the top of the National League.
Archaeologists in China have discovered ancient dice from a tomb built to bury rich Chinese people.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have joined the club if he had not missed out on European football this season.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in September, official figures show.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" with the progress made by defender Jazz Richards.
A device designed to slow down Virgin Galactic's SpaceShip Two has crashed in California.
Iraqi security forces have recaptured the last major city in the country, Mosul.
Bumblebees are being put at risk by pesticides, a study suggests.
The Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research in Belfast is to receive a further £1m in funding.
Egypt's antiquities ministry has said it has identified "several anomalies" in the formation of the pyramids of Khufu and Menkaure.
A cordon has been put in place after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found at a quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged kidnapping of British beauty Nicole Ayling.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Nooruldeen89 looks at the rise in the popularity of "prank TV shows".
General Motors is to invest $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in a plant in the Canadian province of Ontario to boost its car-making capacity.
The funeral of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has taken place.
A fox cub has been rescued from a locked car after it got stuck in the engine bay.
The Scottish accent is flourishing, according to a new study.
A Church of England cathedral is set to open its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade after failing to meet its fundraising target.
In movies and TV shows, the roles of the patriarch and matriarch are often portrayed in the same way.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed little changed on Tuesday, despite strong results from Tiffany's and Adobe.
Unpaid internships should be banned, MPs have said.
The Scottish government has announced a major investment in the offshore wind industry.
A pregnant couple who were stopped at a customs check-in in Calais were trying to buy alcohol and cigarettes, a court has heard.
Cuba is one of the world's most prosperous countries, but it suffered a devastating economic collapse in the early 1990s.
Alastair Cook is one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says England captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot three times in the leg with an air gun.
A rainbow flag has been flown across the grounds of Stormont in Northern Ireland.
A Labour MEP has announced he is to become the new chief executive of a European Union body which promotes business and civil society.
Hackers claiming to have stolen Game of Thrones script have posted it online, according to Entertainment Weekly.
Police are investigating allegations of misconduct by staff at the children's charity Kids Company.
Morgan Freeman is to be honoured with the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement award.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland has been left with a capital buffer of just over 8% in the eurozone's latest financial stress tests.
Passengers and vehicles will no longer be allowed to board or disembark the Isle of Wight's chain ferry at the same time.
Leeds Rhinos have signed Wakefield Trinity Wildcats full-back Ben Simon on a two-year deal.
A new form asking people to name the person they believe their spouse has committed adultery with has been criticised by family lawyers.
A rare bird of prey has returned to a Scottish nature reserve after a three-year absence.
Do you worry you will not be able to check things online?
Russia's foreign minister has accused the US of "a Jewish conspiracy" over Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at Oxford Circus Tube station.
Sexual violence against detainees in Egypt is so widespread that it is threatening to "silence all opposition", the Human Rights Watch says.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "firing up" for a sixth Scottish Premiership title in a row.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
A TV show showing illusionist Derren Brown as he asphyxiated himself has been banned from broadcast before the watershed.
Britain's Adam Peaty won the men's 4x100m freestyle relay title at the World Aquatics Championships in London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at some of the top paedophile websites in the world.
A Chinese man has been living in a space capsule for more than a year.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a series of bomb attacks in Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed James Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of two Libyan journalists have been found in eastern Libya, officials say.
Paralympic gold medallist Laura Lucas won her second gold medal of the Rio Paralympics with victory in the World Para-cycling Championships in Glasgow.
The cost of scrapping tuition fees and setting up a new Office for Students would be 2.5p higher than the basic rate of income tax, says Education Secretary Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to an Indian naval officer convicted of spying for Pakistan.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint at a house in Londonderry.
The RSPCA has said it has received more than 1,000 calls about dog fighting in England and Wales in the past year.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar charged with inciting violence against police in the town of Letpadan.
A Muslim boys' school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for allowing its female governor to sit in the main meeting room.
A pensioner who raped and sexually abused a woman has been jailed for 12 months.
Cambridge's unbeaten start to the League Two season continued as they were beaten 2-1 by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possession of a firearm.
Cardiff City striker Rhys Jones could be out for up to two months with a knee injury.
Teaching unions in England and Wales have called on the government to "fund the necessary pay increases" for teachers.
Drilling for shale gas in Lancashire has been suspended after a small earthquake in April.
Four paintings by Michelangelo da Caravaggio have gone on display at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-factor authentication system to prevent hackers from accessing the firm's iCloud service.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed by Syrian government artillery, are suing President Bashar al-Assad's government.
A four-month-old baby boy died after being attacked by his family's dog, an inquest has heard.
Scotland's sporting budget is set to be cut by 20% over the next three years, according to the Scottish Government.
Pregnant women who eat a high fat diet during their pregnancy are more likely to suffer heart disease or strokes, a study suggests.
Weapons found on the Isle of Coll 3,000 years ago have been handed over to a museum.
A teenager has been left with facial injuries after being punched on a train between Glasgow Central and Neilston.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of possessing sexually explicit files involving minors.
Beyonce has been named the highest-paid artist in the world for 2014.
Brazilian footballer Pele has sold his winner's medal from the 1962 World Cup in Brazil for more than £100,000.
Indonesia's president has recalled its ambassador to Canberra after reports that Australian spy agencies tapped the president's mobile phone.
A video appears to show rebels shooting dead at least 70 government soldiers and civilians in the Syrian city of Aleppo, activists say.
Organic farming is more beneficial for wildlife than conventional methods, according to a new study.
Thousands of concert managers have signed a letter calling for a review of the resale of tickets on secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government has raised the bank levy by 0.088% for the first time since the financial crisis.
Bond prices have risen sharply in the wake of Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, helped by the launch of new fresh food ranges.
A motorist has been stopped by police after trying to find Sam Smith's song on You tube.
Dame Judi Dench has revealed that she has lost her eyesight for the first time in her life.
A bus has been found stuck in a muck heap on a farm.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Plans to introduce universal basic income in Wales are "far too expensive", a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher has said.
Two hospitals in Denbighshire have been rated "inadequate" by the health board for their food-hygiene.
Welsh Conservatives have been given a huge boost in the general election campaign.
Trawsfynydd nuclear site could be used as a site for a demonstrator reactor, a union has said.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed David Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A campaigner is calling for medical cannabis to be legalised in the UK.
Voting has begun in Tunisia's presidential election, which will see the country's first post-independence leader elected.
Partick Thistle have signed Dundee United midfielder Ryan Erskine for an undisclosed fee.
Tax experts from the Big Four accountancy firms have defended their advice on tax avoidance.
The HPV vaccine has significantly reduced the risk of cervical cancer in Scotland, according to a new study.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not have been at Aston Villa if he had been given the chance in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a former member of the German army's Einsatzkommando squad during World War Two.
Small businesses in Scotland are still too many without basic digital skills, according to a new report.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected data from the US services sector.
A 22-year-old man has been jailed for six years for raping a 16-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been told they must avoid contact and collisions with each other if they are to win this season.
Russia has blocked more than 100 pornographic websites, the government agency has said.
The birthplace of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named among the top 10 historic buildings in England.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new prime minister.
The daughter of French far-right leader Marine Le Pen is to announce her decision not to stand for re-election in June, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Jamie Francis says he is relieved to be retained in Wales' Six Nations squad after a loss to England.
A man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men at a bank in Flintshire.
The future of a vulnerable railway line in Devon could be at risk by 2040, according to a new study by academics.
Network Rail has agreed to compensate passengers who were affected by cracks in the sea wall between Dover and St Pancras.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Glastonbury to celebrate the festival's 70th anniversary.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has written to the presiding officer of the assembly to warn of "aggressive" debates on Brexit.
I have left the BBC after two years as a freelance presenter.
League Two side Burton Albion have signed Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
When Victoria Barker was told she had Down's syndrome, she was devastated.
An eBay auctioneer has sold a "green albatross" with a price tag of more than £150,000 for a three-wheeler.
A former Rabobank trader has pleaded guilty to trying to rig a key interest rate.
Hull FC have signed hooker Joe Arundel from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England have been described as a "good aspiration" by a leading doctor.
Helen Jenkins has a "strong case" to be selected for Great Britain's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics, says former world champion Chris Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has agreed to investigate the sale of Northern Ireland assets by the Republic of Ireland's National Assets Management Agency.
US entrepreneur Tim Allen has launched a private space venture.
A legal challenge has been launched against the Scottish government's approval of three offshore wind farms.
A man who admitted raping two girls in Fife has been deemed fit to be discharged from hospital.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
South Sudan's civil war has been described as "genocide" and "ethnic cleansing" by the UN.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can finish second in the Premiership and secure a Hampden cup final place.
The mascot of a Derbyshire regiment has been promoted to the rank of lance corporal.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a deadly attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
The word "binge-watch" has been named as the word of the year by the Collins Dictionary of English.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned from the country's coaching staff after the 2014 World Cup.
Generic cancer drugs used in hospitals in England have risen by more than 100% in the past five years, according to UK researchers.
Nigeria's President Ibrahim al-Bashir has failed in his bid to win the Nobel Peace Prize, which was launched seven years ago.
A yellow "be aware" warning for strong south to southwesterly winds has been issued for parts of Scotland for Friday and Saturday.
Olivier-winning actress Michelle Terry is to become the new actor-manager of Shakespeare's Globe.
A man who went missing with his two-year-old son in Cardiff has been found safe and well.
Nina Simone is one of the most recognisable faces in the world of dance music.
A Banksy mural that appeared on the side of a Poundland store is to go on display for the first time.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese city of Macau have fallen by more than a third in the three months to September, according to official figures.
The Indian literary council, the Sahitya Akademi, has apologised for its "silence" over the killing of prominent writers.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a college in Oxfordshire.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of Swansea man Mark Warburton.
Britain's Adam Yates won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine to move up to second overall.
England midfielder James Milner has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal and Hull played out a goalless draw in the FA Cup second round at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement complaint against Samsung in the US.
Saif al-Arab, the son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, was one of the most senior military commanders in the country's history.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenage girl was found in his car.
The Scottish government has said it is "deeply concerned" by the lack of agreement on the fiscal framework for devolved powers.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said there has been an "increase of militarisation" in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has said David Cameron has been forced to pull his English votes for English laws plans because of his "slender and fragile" majority.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking her to set out his inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire within a year.
Ospreys have signed England prop Brian Mujati on a two-year deal.
A British man who went missing in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his girlfriend has said.
The funeral of Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson has taken place to mark the 121st anniversary of his death.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant.
The RSPB has launched a campaign to get the robin recognised as the nation's official bird.
Austrian police have arrested a lookalike of Adolf Hitler who was photographed outside the birthplace of the Nazi leader in 1889.
A man has died after being stabbed at a house in South Yorkshire.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed due to the Grenfell Tower fire.
Joe Root is the "obvious candidate" to be England's new Test captain, says James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that it would open a fast lane for internet traffic in May, many people took to social media to express their frustration.
Jordy Gray's first-half penalty gave Burnley victory over Blackburn to move up to second in the Championship.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create 1,000 jobs at its Solihull plant in the UK.
Corey Whitely's first-half goal earned Dagenham a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool.
A 21-year-old man has been stabbed to death at a bar in south London.
A list of the oldest trees in the UK has been announced by a conservation charity.
A man has died and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Denbighshire.
About 100 jobs are to be lost at a Kerry Foods factory in Londonderry.
Jellyfish sightings on Anglesey have increased with the warmer weather, a marine conservation society has said.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by a man and his girlfriend at a flat in Coventry, a court has heard.
The Duke of Edinburgh has given birth to a baby girl.
Wales have made their first uncapped signing of the season by bringing in Ospreys wing Joe Thornton for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa.
Durham County Council has said it will take legal action against a planning inspector who has refused to reopen a review of its plans for the area.
The UK Border Agency is working through a group of potential over-stayers who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as the world's most influential woman.
A man has been found guilty of carrying out a sheep rustling case in Powys after DNA evidence was used to identify the ewes.
A new exhibition has opened in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the author William Blake.
Donald Trump is less of a threat to global security than a new "cold war", the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse have agreed a deal to merge their holding companies into one of the world's biggest exchange companies.
In a steam bathhouse in the centre of London, you might be tempted to think that the oak bunches on your back would be a good idea.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service.
Australian Airlines chief executive Alan Joyce has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for a vote on same-sex marriage.
Striker Marko Jakupovic made a superb save as Hull City held Manchester United to a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68th pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie is sitting in the living room of her home in Manchester, surrounded by memories of her son, Kayden.
A Labour councillor has said she is being investigated by police over a "hate campaign" against her.
St Johnstone moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a draw at Rangers.
There are many ways to lose a presidential election.
A man who was shot dead by police has been named by the police watchdog.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has "too much to give" and has "learned too much not to pass that on".
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton is the fastest driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races.
The Sri Lankan army says it is continuing its search for survivors of a landslide on Tuesday.
Justin Gatlin set a new world record in the 200m at the World Championships after setting a new personal best in the race.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cut-backs in the use of customised "rest chambers" on his plane to fly to the UK.
India's security forces have violated human rights laws in Indian-administered Kashmir for decades, Amnesty International says.
A court in Argyll has been granted permission to film the sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his former lover.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to a Muslim family in the US after falsely claiming they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the company refused to sell its products to a Chinese artist.
Miranda Miranda has opened her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie.
The number of homeless people in Northampton has risen to more than 100, according to a report.
Mikheil Saakashvili is widely regarded as one of the world's most charismatic leaders.
A charity has said there is a "growing crisis" of low pay and poor conditions in Scotland.
West Ham reached the Europa League play-off round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Juventus in London.
At least 19 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Seven British Paralympic rowers have been named in the PR3 mixed coxed four crew for the World Cup in Florida.
Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate and Hallam Amos have signed new national dual contracts with Wales.
Aston Villa have signed former England captain Chris Coleman on a two-year deal.
It's been a year since Boris Johnson said that Britain would not be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union.
Bees in Cardiff and Wrexham make the same sound as bees in Italy, according to researchers.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Oldham Athletic.
The franchising of the West Coast rail franchise could cost the taxpayer up to £8.9m, MPs have warned.
Nobel prizes are awarded to women who have made big discoveries in science.
Former world champion Mark Hendry has been beaten 4-0 by England's Gary Lines in the first round of the Scunthorpe Classic.
The debate over the Scottish independence referendum has divided opinion across the country.
Taxpayers should be given the right to raise additional funds for the NHS and social care if they choose, Liberal Democrat leader Jeremy Lamb has said.
Craig Ferguson says Clyde must beat Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
If you want to know what the future holds for Greece, you might have to go to the polls and vote for the left-wing Syriza party.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been found in a field in County Monaghan more than 40 years after it crashed.
Parents are being "punished" for living in a rural area without a bus stop, a council has said.
A mass has been held in Glasgow to mark the first anniversary of the earthquake in Italy.
Joyce Turnbull, Pauline Hanson and Peter Dutton are among the Australian politicians who have won the Bald Archy Prize for satirical art.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg set the pace in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix as Mercedes struggled to keep pace with Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel.
A teenager has been charged with fraud after thousands of pounds worth of tickets were sold for a music festival in Brighton.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time since the city was handed over to the mainland in 1997.
A rapper has taken to the streets of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu to protest against the appointment of a new chief minister.
Police in China have arrested three people in connection with a landslide at a landfill in Shenzhen.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, according to a leading environmental group.
A US judge has acquitted a police officer of manslaughter over the deaths of two black teenagers in Cleveland.
Russia has condemned a series of bomb attacks in Syria that have left at least 120 people dead.
The first-past-the-post system for Championship play-offs will be scrapped in 2017-18, the Rugby Football Union has announced.
More than £400,000 in lost income has been wiped off Welsh councils' recycling budgets in the past year.
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, is getting under way.
A knife has been found in the grounds of a Dumfries and Galloway school, police have said.
The first round of the UK Championship takes place in York on Thursday.
Red Bull finished the Australian Grand Prix as the third best team in Formula 1.
The Scottish Parliament has voted to leave the European Union.
A campaign has been launched to promote Perth's reputation as a "beautiful city" after years of city-centre decay.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the prospect of playing for England again.
The funeral of Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer Ronan Kerr is taking place in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland has announced he is to step down as Scotland's Solicitor General.
A ferry has crashed into a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Ruth Black has been named the UK's Young Musician of the Year by NME.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the law on assisted dying.
Porto cruised into the Champions League semi-finals with a comfortable first-leg win over Bayern Munich.
Tottenham Hotspur have reached a settlement with the family of a 16-year-old boy who suffered a potentially fatal heart condition.
Actress Keira Knightley is to star in a new stage adaptation of Tolstoy's classic novel.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his future.
A 10-year-old boy in Canada has written an apology note to a library after it fell out of his bunk.
British darts player Tom Waites says he will return to competitive action after recovering from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship.
Newport Gwent Dragons full-back Michael Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Ladies have signed Germany international defender Anna Linden from Frankfurt for an undisclosed fee.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been summoned to appear before the House of Commons select committee to answer questions about worker rights.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says there has been no alcohol ban in his side's preparations for the World Cup.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move up to second in the Premiership.
Tottenham need to improve their mentality after reaching the Champions League quarter-finals, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
At least two people have been killed in a raft accident on a theme park ride in Australia's capital, Canberra, police say.
A man has admitted possessing drugs with a street value of more than £263,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a member of a rival gang in south London.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for markets in Asia.
Two men have been jailed for sexually exploiting a teenage girl in Hertfordshire.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Bedfordshire.
A boy who died after being hit by a car was "a tremendous son who was always willing to help everyone", his mother has said.
Castleford Tigers full-back Conor O'Shea has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans for a circuit in Blaenau Gwent has said it is "difficult to conclude" that the development is of equal value.
Garry Thompson scored twice as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham.
Crisis teams are the "default option" in acute care for patients at high risk of suicide, a report suggests.
Ulster won the Ulster Cup for the first time in their history with a 4-13 to 1-13 win over Connacht in Galway.
MSPs have been asked to "increase the amount of food disposal" in Holyrood's cafés after complaints about the quality of their coffee.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cancel some operations until after Christmas, according to the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons.
Ethiopia is one of the world's most prosperous countries, and its economy is growing at a faster rate than any other country.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat drifted off the coast of Lough Swilly.
Defending champion Alberto Contador says Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be favourites to win the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people for trying to sell a rare snake on the black market.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has arrived in the capital, Brasilia, after being impeached by the Senate for manipulating the budget.
Derry City moved to within a point of the League of Ireland play-off places with a 1-0 win over Wexford.
A mountain rescue charity has called for "serious consideration" over how it manages the Crib Goch peak.
Paris St-Germain have signed Neymar from Barcelona for £198m.
Celtic have made two big signings in the space of a week, with the signing of Fulham's 18-year-old striker Tariq Turk on loan until the end of the season.
The Pirate Bay website has been hit by a DDoS attack.
A roboticist has won a £2,000 (£1,000) UK engineering prize for developing a hand that can operate on objects as fragile as an egg.
Francois Fillon has become France's centre-right presidential candidate.
A hospital in Shropshire could lose its accident and emergency department under plans being considered by the NHS.
Scott Brown has been a "big part" of his career, according to Scotland coach Gordon Strachan.
The UK government has signed a contract with French energy giant EDF to build the Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset.
The number of calls to a helpline set up by the Army to help recruit soldiers has risen in the past year, a charity has said.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been jailed for five years for making and distributing indecent images of children.
Is there a coup to be staged in the Labour Party?
Mark Selby's hopes of reaching the World Championship semi-finals suffered a blow as he lost 6-2 to Fu Junhui in the quarter-finals.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Evans says reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation".
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at a Catholic school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsene Wenger says it would be a "huge disappointment" if Arsenal players were not offered a new contract at Wembley.
Nepal's government is considering limiting the number of people able to climb Mount Everest, the world's highest mountain.
The family of a man who died in a crash on the M4 in October have called for a change in the law to allow older people to drive safely.
A US court has sentenced a former Olympic champion to six years in prison for sexually assaulting a 19-year-old woman in California.
Plans to protect the railway line between Devon and Cornwall have been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has installed a porcelain urinal in one of its public toilets.
The centenary of the birth of a US airman is to be celebrated at the Scottish National College of Art (SMO).
The rollout of superfast broadband in parts of Scotland has been criticised by the BBC.
Education Secretary Carwyn Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be the worst performing nation in the UK by 2021.
Police in India have arrested three people suspected of breaching the terms of their contract with TalkTalk.
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa.
The Scottish government has increased the number of student teacher places in Scotland by more than £50m.
Mark Lawrie says he is relishing the prospect of playing in Europe's Ryder Cup against the United States at Hazeltine.
The Unison union has said it will nominate Jeremy Corbyn as its candidate in the Labour leadership contest.
England's Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Arizona.
Jamie Heaslip has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Wales on Saturday with a back injury.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council has been suspended after allegations of failings in safeguarding procedures.
Netflix has announced it is expanding its video streaming service to more countries.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club.
Greece's new bailout deal has been greeted with a mixture of euphoria and despair.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said he will not face any charges in connection with the murder of Jean McConville.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to a new study.
Catalans Dragons have terminated the contract of former Australia international Tom Mason, who was due to join French side Perpignan in the summer.
(Close): Shares in fashion house Burberry led the FTSE 100 higher after a number of broker upgrades.
Muslim Match, a dating website for married Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's Vice-President, accusing him of being in the pay of a convicted drug lord.
A man has been stabbed in the leg in west Belfast.
A novel set in the Cold War has gone on sale in the US.
Tanzania's President Julius Kikwete has sacked a minister accused of taking $1m (Â£1.5m) from the government to fund a school.
Theresa May had come prepared to apologise.
JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay $13bn (Â£11bn) to settle civil and criminal charges over the sale of mortgage-backed securities, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James is "getting the best treatment possible" ahead of the 2016 Olympics in Rio, according to her coach Chris Sutton.
South Korea's SK Telecom has won the League of Legends (LoL) title for the first time.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored his first goal for Sheffield United as they beat League One strugglers Bury.
A 19-year-old man has been discharged from hospital after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
All pictures are copyrighted. Â© Scotsland Pictures.
A Belgian man has been charged with terrorism offences in connection with the Paris attacks, prosecutors say.
Britain's Katie Guy and Hannah Tutton won gold medals at the European Swimming Championships in Budapest.
Minster Mary McLeod has said the Scottish government is prepared to consider offering loans to crofters who find it hard to get a mortgage.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to walk away from the club.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than a year.
Scientists have solved the mystery of how carbon was absorbed by Earth more than 100 million years ago.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Friday, following gains in the US and Europe.
The FBI is seeking access to a phone belonging to San Bernardino gunman Syed Farook, according to reports.
Ayr United's new badge has been unveiled after a vote by the club's fans.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff.
A West Yorkshire teenager has been reported to have travelled to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State (Isis).
Five Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the Super League club.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being forced into his bedroom told his mother he felt "unsafe" in school, an inquest has heard.
A man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has asked a judge to allow him to return to Northern Ireland on bail.
A new £2.5m research centre has been set up to improve wound care in Wales.
On Thursday night, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to call on his predecessor to "get America great again".
Gary Foderingham says it was "disappointing" that Rangers midfielder Scott Sinclair has been suspended from all football-related activity.
A doctor called police after Prince's body was found at his Paisley Park home in Minnesota, his lawyer has said.
Edinburgh's Twelve Closes are to be transformed into useful routes linking different parts of the Old Town.
Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted to allow police to identify people who wear full face veils.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Munster have appointed former British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell as their new director of rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Lib Dems as a spokesman for Jeremy Corbyn.
The amount of cocaine being produced in Colombia has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to a new report.
If you were asked to name a Scotland player of the future, you would probably think the answer would be Chris Burke.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic taekwondo gold medallist Emmanuel Cisse has been given a lavish welcome by the Ivorian government.
Passengers on Southern rail have been warned to expect further disruption after a second day of strikes by guards.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the Portuguese state of Porto, officials say.
Cristian is growing his own cannabis plants in a park in Montevideo.
A hat worn by Princess Diana has sold for £1,000 at auction.
An oil leak at a North Sea platform has shut down the rest of the Brent pipeline system.
Two British men have appeared in court in Abu Dhabi accused of spying for the United Arab Emirates.
Den Haag have signed Norway international Rasmus Johnsen on a two-year deal after his release by Hearts.
Two young people have been given the chance to become monks of old in Monmouthshire.
It is almost time for the Premier League season to get under way.
If you want to know what the future holds for the UK's armed forces, you might want to look at the 2010 defence review.
Wales' men's hockey team have been relegated from the B Division of the EuroHockey A Division after losing to Scotland.
A 79-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he is pleased with the progress made by back-row Harry Woodburn.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola will face Manchester City in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has praised the government's decision to remove the country's highest denomination currency, the rupee.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Paul Casey is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Race to Dubai Championship in Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended all its litter enforcement officers after a BBC Panorama programme revealed people were wrongly fined for littering.
The pound has fallen sharply against the dollar after a closely watched survey suggested the UK might avoid recession.
More than 100 police officers have been injured in rioting across London over the past two nights, the Metropolitan Police has said.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has risen by more than 5% in the past five years, according to official figures.
England's Euro 2016 quarter-final against Russia on Saturday will be the most important match of the tournament so far.
The Undercover Inquiry has ruled that no restriction order will be made on the anonymity of people who have been deceived into an undercover relationship.
The Rugby Football League is to review video footage of fights between Keighley Cougars and Fryston Warriors in the Challenge Cup fourth round.
US actress Shirley Temple Black has died at the age of 95.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall midfielder Abdou on a free transfer.
A Flamengo player has been banned for four years for an attack on a referee in the Brazilian city's amateur league.
Sir Andrew Green is celebrating his 70th birthday at the Albert Hall.
The body of a man has been found in a wheelie bin in a block of flats, police have said.
A police force has been criticised for under-recording crimes that should have been recorded.
Gillingham manager Paul Brown has appealed against the red card shown in the 2-2 draw with Southend.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has marked the start of a new school year in the Borders with a visit to a primary school.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede at a Hindu festival in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Emmanuel Assou-Ekotto has signed a new two-year contract with St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major shake-up of the country's government.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrading his Nkandla residence.
The body of a man has been recovered from the site of the collapsed Rotherham Power Station.
A Pembrokeshire teacher who sent sexually inappropriate messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
A baby chick has hatched at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve in Perthshire.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in County Tyrone.
A care home in Cornwall has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Donald Trump has made a number of controversial statements in his first 100 days in office.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary in Dorset are searching a river in a bid to recover the weapon.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in west London.
Welsh Premiership side Exiles have been taken over by a California-based group.
A former care worker has been charged with historical sex offences against children at a Sussex boarding school.
Head teachers are to lead seminars on how to prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has said North Korea's missile tests are "outrageous" and should be stopped.
Actress Karen Gillan has been cast as Nebula in the new Star Wars film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United have confirmed they will sign three players in the January transfer window.
A Grade II-listed bridge over the River Roch has been uncovered for the first time in more than 100 years.
London has recorded its hottest day ever recorded in the UK, with temperatures reaching 36.7C (98F) in the capital.
The death of German pilot Andreas Lubitz, who was killed in a plane crash in the German Alps on Saturday, may have been caused by depression.
Angus O'Brien scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons.
Scientists have discovered a new clue about the impact of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a " rotten deal" from the European Union.
Dai Donald and Aneurin Lloyd hit their maiden first-class centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man in west London have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to play a musical instrument?
Pop star Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke says she's still trying to find the perfect pop song.
A school in Oxfordshire which has been placed in special measures has been told it could close.
The government says it is doing more to recruit more women as part of a drive to promote "diversity" in intelligence.
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire has been awarded a knighthood by the Mayor of Doncaster.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Motherwell midfielder Alex Jules on a season-long loan deal.
The European Commission has blocked CK Hutchison's proposed takeover of O2.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 win over Peterborough.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Scientists are working to better understand the impact of solar storms on the Earth.
Bath have signed Leicester Tigers second-row Geoff Parling and Leicester Tigers centre Olly Woodburn on season-long loan deals.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 lower, with Antofagasta leading the way.
A charity auction for a lunch with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $100,000 (Â£65,000) on eBay.
Victor Traore has been left out of Guinea's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Swaziland.
Cape Verde's hopes of qualifying for the quarter-finals of the African Nations Championship were dented by a goalless draw with Zambia.
An Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire has been put up for sale.
The government should make it mandatory for frontline staff to be trained in how to prevent suicides, the Samaritans has said.
Susie Wolff will drive for Williams for the first time in 2015, the team have announced.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed Bristol Rovers centre-back Josh Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden in London to mark the centenary of the death of their mother.
A van zig-zag through a pedestrian zone in the Spanish city of Barcelona has killed at least 14 people, police say.
Work to build a new roundabout on the A55 in Wrexham has been delayed until the end of the year.
Phil Taylor reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time as he beat Kim Huybrechts to reach the last eight.
Up to 100,000 people in the UK are being invited to take part in a project to unlock the secrets of their DNA.
Gillingham's Liam Crofts says he is keen to play for Wales before the end of the season.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England recovered from a slow start to beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first warm-up match in Johannesburg.
A helicopter has been involved in a "precautionary landing" on Snowdonia after it was forced to land on a mountain.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said local authorities have been "over the top" about the impact of the Scottish government's funding deal.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in Sutherland for an estimated £1m.
On Monday morning, thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida to watch the launch of the world's most powerful magnet.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan in connection with the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician, officials say.
A visitor to a war memorial in France has said he is "very concerned" about a dispute over parking restrictions.
David Cameron's decision to appoint Boris Johnson as his London mayor has been hailed as a "turning point" in the Brexit campaign.
Ulster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A woman has said she is "furious" after being sent an e-mail suggesting she was a "home educated oddball".
Actor Jim Broadbent has returned to the London stage to play Ebenezer Scrooge in the new stage play Dickens' classic Christmas Carol.
A growing number of women are using period tracking apps to monitor their fertility.
The parents of Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete who was found guilty of murdering his girlfriend, have said they will struggle to move on.
Salford Red Devils have released Josh Chase, Chris Hansen and Ben Paterson, while Josh Fages has been released by the club.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his best route to securing a Champions League place.
Dame Judi Dench has said she is "delighted" to be supporting the Surrey Wildlife Trust and its Nower Wood New Build Project.
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled in London.
Patients at hundreds of GP surgeries in England will no longer get appointments when they need one, the Conservatives have said.
American Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" after finishing second at the PGA Championship.
A police firearms response to a raid on a Liverpool restaurant was "necessary and proportionate", a watchdog has said.
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads rose by more than a third last year, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United midfielder Ryan McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland squad for this year's Milk Cup.
Staff at a Wrexham hospital have been told to prioritise clinical need and patient care after inspectors found overcrowding in A&E and Mason Ward.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Middlesbrough.
The man accused of shooting dead five people at a Florida airport has appeared in court for the first time.
A man accused of planning to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he was "oddly fascinated" by child pornography.
New Zealand and the US have agreed to designate the Ross Sea as an "environmental protection area" (MPA).
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to mark the start of the Hindu festival of lights.
Jackie Collins, the author of The World is Full of Married Men, has died at the age of 84, her family has said.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of murdering her fourth husband with cyanide, according to reports.
A seven-year-old sturgeon has been rescued from a flood-hit fish centre.
Former West Indies all-rounder Ben Simmons has been sacked as head coach after being found guilty of misconduct.
A drug dealer who went on the run after being released on parole has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing presenter Steve Evans has spoken about the "crazy" amount of bullying he and his partner Ola Jordan have been subjected to.
A new film about mental health is to be shot in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol City manager Paul Sturrock says he will have to rely on youth players to fill in for injured players.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said the company is still investigating the cause of a rocket explosion that killed a Facebook satellite.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two teenagers who were wrongly arrested and held in police custody for more than 20 hours have been awarded £100,000 in damages.
The First Lady of Zimbabwe, Grace Mugabe, has been granted immunity from prosecution in South Africa, the government has said.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage dancers to jail for performing a dance dance reminiscent of the Battle of the Somme.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Ryan Webster for an undisclosed fee and Middlesbrough defender Jack Clarke on loan until the end of the season.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald says he does not believe Polish coaches are trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in Scotland.
Welsh 800m champion Katie Peake has set her sights on a personal best of 4.50m at the Rio Olympics on Saturday.
In the wake of the Peshawar school massacre, a new narrative is emerging about the role of the Pakistani Taliban.
Old Mutual has announced a "bold new course" to unlock value by spinning off its four main business units.
Morecambe have signed former Preston North End midfielder Joe Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal.
China's environmental ministry has issued 10 cities with "severe pollution".
Iran is one of the few countries in the world to have its own "morality police" forces.
Wakefield beat Huddersfield to reach the Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history.
A car has ended up on top of a Volkswagen Golf after it was parked out of a marked bays in Londonderry.
The X-Men film The Imitation Game has been named best film at the Empire Awards, the UK's biggest film awards.
For the first time in his career, Mark Barak has been able to extract oil from the ground.
An Asda store in Manchester is to turn off the lights and music in a bid to help autistic people feel more comfortable.
It was 10 years ago that David Barrett was working as a warden at a dog pound in Beirut, in the midst of the war in Syria.
An artificial intelligence system has been trained to play a wide range of video games.
Aston Villa have appointed Chinese billionaire Dr Xiaochuan as their new chief executive.
The head of Brazil's security forces has said that a jihadist attack on the Rio Olympics was a "possibility".
Lee Swanson has signed a new contract with St Johnstone, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The migrant crisis in Europe is on the rise, as governments across the bloc try to find a solution to the crisis.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has said it has developed the world's first commercial petrol engine.
A Crystal Palace fan has been found guilty of throwing a baton at police during the FA Cup third-round tie at Selhurst Park.
A medical examiner in Guatemala has ordered the retrial of General Rios Montt, who was found guilty of genocide and war crimes.
A hospital has warned people not to attempt to enter its accident and emergency department to play Pokemon Go.
Newcastle Falcons have signed Leicester Tigers lock Toby Flood for an undisclosed fee.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of British hip-hop.
Danny Mayor scored a stoppage-time winner as Millwall came from behind to beat Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after a successful mission to the International Space Station.
The trustee of Cardigan Castle has resigned amid claims he has been subjected to "virtual persecution".
A police officer has been shot dead in the Bavarian state of Nuremberg, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he wants to be "physical, fair and brutal" in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Johnston Press has reported a fall in profits and revenues for the first eight weeks of this year.
A free school in Birmingham has been rated "outstanding" by Ofsted, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A campaign to raise £100,000 for legal action against those involved in the Iraq war has raised more than £50,000.
China's Ma Ying-jeou won gold in the men's singles at the Rio Olympics with a 4-1 victory over compatriot Zhang Shuai.
An Australian woman who was seriously injured in a bushfire has completed a triathlon in Hawaii.
It used to be the world's biggest pharmaceutical company.
The James Webb Space Telescope has been put into orbit.
Morocco has agreed to rejoin the African Union (AU) after a long-running dispute over the disputed territory of Western Sahara.
US actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations is a sign that the country is no longer one of Africa's football powerhouses.
Police have said there were no incidents at the Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries on Saturday.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a survey commissioned by the SNP on the future of Scotland's relationship with the EU later.
A six-year-old girl who received blood transfusions to help her cope with chemotherapy has been given the all-clear by the Welsh Blood Service.
Actress Kirsty Mackichan has called for a "real sea change" in crime porn.
A shopping centre in east London has been sold for £1.5m to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Angola's government has withdrawn a controversial controversial internet law.
Hungary is one of the most ethnically diverse countries in Central Europe.
A woman has been set on fire in a restaurant after a group of men set fire to her hair, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has said he will veto a controversial bill banning gay sex.
Actors Ava DuVernay and Ryan Coogler have apologised for "failings" in the casting of the new Gods of Egypt film.
Wales will play Belgium in the Euro 2016 semi-finals on Tuesday, with the first leg of their semi-final against Hungary taking place in Cardiff.
A teenager has been charged in connection with the death of a pregnant woman in East London.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Watson is to star in the new Disney film Dreamgirls, it has been announced.
Warrenpoint Town will host Dungannon Swifts in the Irish Premiership quarter-finals on Monday.
Broadband has not got to the level of penetration it should, according to a leading technology expert.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by her partner in Italy have said they are "living a nightmare".
Output from the UK's industrial and construction sectors fell in February, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are being urged to get into work.
Swansea City have signed striker Jordan Grimes on loan from Premier League side Burnley until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle banned items into a prison.
Gusts of up to 55mph are likely to hit parts of Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Booker Prize-winning author Anupam Ghosh has been taking a tour of India's President Barack Obama's official residence.
A town is "better prepared for flooding" than any other in the UK, a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Alex Moore and ex-Preston North End defender David Spence for undisclosed fees.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a six-wicket win at Glamorgan.
Iceland made it two wins from two in their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a 2-0 win over Netherlands.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared, have been identified as those of Seamus Wright and Kevin Wright.
Olympic swimming champion Laura Adlington has opened a new £1m swimming pool at the Bridgefoot leisure centre in Wrexham.
Plans for a second phase of housing development at Stoke-on-Trent City Football Club have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen after the department store chain reported a fall in sales.
The National Air Traffic Control Agency (Nats) has developed a system that can detect aircraft by radio waves sent from a wind turbine.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating allegations of failings by police in England and Wales in relation to child sexual abuse.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed left-back Florian Le Roux on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists have identified a gene which may be causing men to have an unexplained inability to produce sperm.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been taken to hospital in Belfast with a serious head injury.
A church in York has been left with a smell of urine and faeces after a colony of bats roosted in the building.
France's far-right youth movement has been dissolved over the death of a teenager in a brawl in Paris, prosecutors say.
Tony Bellew says he will not fight Anthony Joshua for the heavyweight world title.
Maesteg Harlequins scrum-half Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) for failing a drugs test.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon with a straight-set win over Italian qualifier Martina Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property has more than doubled in the past five years, according to a surveyors' group.
West Ham reached the EFL Cup third round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win at Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton defender Danny Duffy says a Morton win would be a "monumental upset" for Rangers in the Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox.
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault in Sunderland.
Plans to store electricity in quarries in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Scoreboard and stats for the National League game between Macclesfield and Dover.
Wales reached the semi-finals of the 1986 World Cup with a comfortable win over England in Cardiff.
Prof Stephen Hawking has called for a rethink of science education in the UK.
A fire at a car park in East Lothian is being treated as arson.
Councils in Wales should be ordered to provide a set number of public toilets per population area, a campaigner has said.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to strike in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the bomber who carried out last week's suicide bombing in the capital, Ankara, as that of his father.
Plans to build a hydro power station near a waterfall in Snowdonia have been rejected by a natural resources authority.
A pensioner has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenage netball player by dangerous driving.
The smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than any other ban on smoking in pubs, UKIP's former leader has said.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in his home village of Timperley, near Manchester.
Firefighters in England have said they will not go on strike in a dispute over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A man who claimed his electric guitar was damaged in a crash with a car in Caerphilly county has told a court he will put a claim in.
It's been another busy week for me at Wimbledon.
A pad of handwritten manuscripts has been appraised by the BBC's National Library of England.
Airbus and one of the world’s biggest companies, OneWeb, have launched a multi-satellite constellation in the sky.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been found safe and well in Pembrokeshire.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost his appeal against his conviction for culpable homicide.
A court in Japan has ordered the reopening of two nuclear reactors that were shut down after the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first comedy festival has been launched.
Former Crewe Alexandra footballer David Woodward has said he has suffered "more than one abuser" in the past five months.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in the law on revenge porn.
The chief executive of India's Dera Sacha Sauda sect has resigned over the clearance of a controversial film.
Have you ever wondered if your hair is going to grow out?
Claudia Winkleman has announced she is to leave BBC One's film show Strictly Come Dancing.
More than half of rail passengers are paying too much for their journeys, according to new research.
Hundreds of university staff have taken part in a strike in Wrexham.
How do you get your Christmas ad into a prime time spot?
Glasgow-based Aggreko has agreed to buy Dryco, a North American heating and cooling solutions provider, for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he is "very happy" with Donald Trump's US election victory.
Three men have been cautioned after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed that the band are planning a world tour.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Croatia's Borna Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Preston's hopes of reaching the Championship play-offs were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at Barnsley.
A South Korean basketball player has been arrested on suspicion of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she had a South Korean grandmother.
Parents who stay at home to look after their children will be eligible for government-funded childcare vouchers, the government has announced.
Plans to host the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion have been approved by the Welsh government.
Leigh Centurions coach Gary Rowley has resigned after the club's poor start to the season.
For the first time, 2,000 people in Finland are taking part in a trial of a basic income.
Mount Etna in Italy has erupted again.
Sam Pyrgos says he is relishing the prospect of being Scotland captain for the World Cup.
Iraqi forces have retaken the Iraqi city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the first time in more than a month.
Taylor Swift has revealed that she's a lookalike.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Monday, helped by gains in oil and gas companies.
Football is one of the most exciting sports in the world.
A third foot has been found in a park in Bristol, police have said.
Plans to demolish some of the town's most historic buildings have been approved by councillors.
A Pakistani judge has recused himself from hearing an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy.
Waiting times for mental health assessment and treatment in Wales are to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
A former Australian rugby league player has been charged with cocaine trafficking in South East Queensland.
Former England batsman Chris Lewis says he is ready to embark on his first tour of first-class counties since being released from prison.
Ross County moved up to second in the Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved to within three points of the Pro12 leaders with a comfortable victory over Connacht at Kingspan Stadium.
South Africa coach Nelson Mosimane says his side must "fight for it" after they were knocked out of the African Champions League group stage by KCCA.
A historic tin mine in Cornwall is to be restored and put on display.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his rival Ted Cruz of "looting" the Iowa caucuses.
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning two gold medals at the Rio Olympics.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager for the first time.
When David Cameron was elected prime minister in 2010, it was a sad day for impressionists.
A letter written by one of the most highly regarded writers of the 20th Century, Ched Lewis, has sold at auction for £1,500.
Loganair has refurbished its fleet of aircraft for the first time.
A six-year-old girl who was taken to hospital with a "false name" has been found safe and well, police have said.
Volkswagen has postponed the release of its full-year results as it continues to cope with the fallout from the emissions scandal.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the Darjeeling hills in the Indian state of West Bengal against a Gorkha separatist movement.
Norwich City striker Danny Tettey says he will be "talked about" if he scores a goal again this season.
Great Britain's women secured their place at the Rio Olympics with a 3-3 win over New Zealand in the Women's Hockey World League play-off.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as president of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), replacing Issa Hayatou.
Police have appealed for information about a man who has been missing from Cardiff hospital.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new captain after Michael Clarke announced his retirement from international cricket.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Partick Thistle.
A man who passed out while driving under the influence of alcohol has been banned from driving for 18 months.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Birmingham City midfielder James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, Labour MP David Blunkett has said.
Guiseley extended their unbeaten run to five games with a draw at Gateshead.
Preston North End have signed former Aston Villa midfielder Tom Robinson and Ipswich midfielder James Pringle on two-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take into account any incidents of public disorder and anti-social behaviour at the Orange Order parade.
Scientists in the UK are to carry out gene editing in human embryos for the first time.
Australia took a 2-0 lead in the three-match one-day series against India after a thrilling final over in Manuka.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery at a shop in west Belfast.
As the NHS celebrates its 68th birthday, the question marks over financial sustainability have been raised again.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would have to offer his resignation if the Vatican did not take his resignation.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash involving two lorries.
A suspicious vehicle has been seized by police in Londonderry.
Unemployment in the UK fell by 69,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year.
Kurdish fighters have been accused of using chemical weapons against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq.
A man has been rescued from a sinking car in a reservoir.
A new website has been launched to help people make more informed decisions about care in England.
An artificial intelligence (AI) program is to be used to help decide whether to invest in a pharmaceutical firm.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered to pay $10m (Â£6.5m) in damages to a woman who died after using talcum powder.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage five of the Giro d'Italia in Italy.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's late equaliser earned Wycombe a point at Morecambe.
An 86-year-old woman was hit over the head with bacon during a robbery at a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
A County Antrim hurling club has been backed to win the All-Ireland club hurling title for the first time in their history.
A man and a woman have denied murdering their six-year-old daughter on a bus.
A Danish container ship has been seized in Iranian waters, the Danish shipping company Maersk has said.
Chelsea's Pedro has been taken to hospital after suffering a suspected concussion during the team's Champions League win over China.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has won the Cardiff South and Penarth seat in the general election.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest march against plans for two wind farms in Lincolnshire.
The signing of the Paris climate agreement has taken place despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife's body was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy has boosted referrals to genetic centres, a study suggests.
More than 300 people in Northern Ireland are waiting up to a year for their first consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital.
A man has been injured after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a shop in North Belfast.
Nigel and his wife, Carla, are sitting on the seafront overlooking the Benavista marina in Madrid.
More than 100 bottles of detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed striker Katie Heatherson on a two-year deal.
A man has been released on bail after being found guilty of taking part in racist singing at a concert in London.
The mayor of a council which awarded £156,000 worth of contracts to a fitness company has resigned, the BBC has learned.
Shares in Premier Oil have risen by more than 90% after the company agreed to buy E.On's North Sea assets.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the Irish Premiership with a comfortable win over Bohs.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after she shot at the tyres of a car during a robbery in Michigan.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough thrashed Bristol Rovers.
A Pembrokeshire coach company is being put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jose Etxabeguren on a two-year deal.
Smog has blanketed parts of the southern Indian city of Chennai.
Fernando Fernandez was born in Cuba and grew up in the United States.
Islamic State (IS) militants have clashed with tribal fighters in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada flight has made an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport.
Three brothers from Rotherham have been found guilty of a string of sex offences against women between the ages of 12 and 14.
The UK's fishing industry faces "many trade-offs" if it leaves the European Union, according to a House of Lords review.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
How do we know if something that seems suspicious is actually terrorism-related?
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw defender Krystian Bielik on a season-long loan deal.
Rescue teams in Colombia are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide in the north-eastern city of Bello.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the London Bridge terror attack on Sunday, police have said.
Uefa has suspended Spanish football federation president Alejandro Villar after he was arrested on suspicion of corruption.
The impact of a ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could be "massive", according to a leading circus expert.
A man who stabbed a nurse to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for eight years.
A Syrian man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of terrorism offences, prosecutors say.
Ross Wallace scored his first goal for Sheffield Wednesday as they beat Huddersfield to move up to second in the Championship.
A fuel additive has been found in a faulty breast implant in France, according to a report by French broadcaster RTL.
A Labour Welsh government would deliver "jobs for our young people" and not leave a generation behind, the party's leader has said.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history, in a country dominated by English lyrics.
Four councillors have admitted they may have fallen asleep during a Commons Select Committee meeting.
Italy's Francesco Molinari won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the BMW PGA Championship in Germany.
A record number of golden plover flocks have been spotted on Tiree in the Hebrides.
China's foreign ministry has dismissed comments by the US secretary of state that could set a course for "disastrous confrontation" with the country.
French police say they have found a "large cat" in the countryside near the Disneyland Paris theme park.
Five people have been arrested in the UK in connection with a growing practice of hacking into people's webcams.
The chairman of Fifa's reform taskforce has said he has "never applied" for a chairmanship of the body's independent committee.
Luke Solomons has been named as the winner of the Waterstones Children's Prize for a new children's book.
The closure of Eastbourne hospital could have "massive implications" for children who are sick and long-term disabled, a paediatrician has said.
Guinea is set to become the first country in Africa to be declared free of Ebola, the UN says.
MPs are to hold a debate on a petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A painting depicting the crucifixion of Jesus has been saved after a campaign to raise £1m.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 82.
Two men have been injured after a light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Stuart McCall has described a pitch invasion by Millwall fans as "nonsense".
The next parliamentary stage of the Scotland Bill will be rescheduled to allow more time for negotiations to progress.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former army colonel Ibrahim Dasuki has been arrested on suspicion of fraud in connection with an arms deal, the country's anti-corruption body says.
Georgia head coach David Haig says Tier Two nations are "outgrown" the Six Nations.
A 62-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Nigerian actress Rahama Sadau has been banned from the Hausa film industry after she appeared in a viral video.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland and Wales, official figures show.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has died at the age of 87.
A wall hanging in memory of a 17th Century poet is to be created in his home town.
In the centre of Timbuktu, a group of young men and women are gathering in a small corner of the city.
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Caernarfon.
A dog has been withdrawn from service in a prison after an 11-year-old girl was attacked by a member of staff.
It is easy to forget that Chile is a desert.
Police Scotland has said it does not yet know the full extent of the problem of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors of memorabilia has died.
A former senior Muslim police officer has said the government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand".
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams missed out on a place at the Olympic Games in Rio after failing to qualify for the finals.
Shares in Toyota have fallen more than 1% after the Japanese carmaker admitted falsifying fuel economy data.
Britain has returned to the Libyan capital, Tripoli, for the first time since 2011.
George Clooney is considering installing CCTV cameras at his home in Sonning Eye in Oxfordshire.
The general election is coming up on 8 June, and we want to know what you think about it.
The PSNI's chief constable has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "slow, complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new contract with the Super Eagles.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the second one-day international to win the series 2-1.
Lille midfielder Yannick Bissouma has signed a new contract with the Ligue 1 club.
Thousands of people have been celebrating the Hindu festival of Diwali in Leicester.
South Africa's Bloemfontein anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
One of the lifeboat crew members at a Channel Islands station has resigned.
Virat Kohli is one of the great cricketers of all time.
A vicar has agreed not to conduct services or be actively engaged in parish ministry after a criminal investigation into allegations of sexual abuse against a teenage girl.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes by the Wood Group and the RMT unions in the North Sea have ended without agreement.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day one of their Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A man who posed as a Polish taxi driver to rob a bank has been found guilty of attempted murder.
A former Labour leader has been appointed to the House of Lords by the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn.
The first time we met the founder of Bitcoin, Satoshi Nakamoto, we had arrived at the Bitcoin Institute in London.
A teenager has been charged with perverting the course of justice after a man died after being hit by a car in Manchester.
Plans to downgrade maternity services in Wrexham and Bangor have been unveiled by health bosses.
North Korea has been linked to the hacking of Sony Pictures in May 2017, according to a security assessment.
Powys is to become the first local authority in Wales to set up an anti-abuse team.
They are the most decorated British Olympians of all time.
The bodies of at least 6,786 people who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to military hospitals in Syria, Human Rights Watch says.
A senior Sinn Féin MP has called on the UK secretary of state to clarify why he took his seat at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a Sudanese club after officials were involved in a melee with a referee.
In the middle of a street in Columbus, Ohio, a sign stands out.
Gaia Vince has won the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Bangkok to demand an early general election.
A man has been charged after a woman was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash.
Scottish airports have welcomed the UK government's decision not to grant the Scottish government similar powers over Air Passenger Duty (APD).
Robin McBryde has been named as Wales' new head coach for the 2017-18 season.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of a medieval monastery in Iraq.
Military service in the last 50 years does not increase people's risk of suicide overall, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million older people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
James Anderson has defended England captain Eoin Morgan following Geoffrey Boycott's criticism of the batsman's form.
A Victorian mansion once home to Peter Pan is to be turned into a national centre for children's literature.
Mae gogledd Cymru wedi ddenu ymwelwyr i Gymru yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliadau ar draws y byd.
Health care in the home is not "joined-up" with the NHS, Green and UKIP candidates have said.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined by the UK's competition watchdog for "illegal behaviour".
The founder of one of the world's most successful football clubs is to be honoured in Nottingham.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
A man armed with a gun has been shot dead by US Secret Service agents during a visit to the White House, officials say.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yn golygu na fydd faniau yn gallu dod a chydrannau ceir i'w garej Bryn Eira.
The former speaker of Burmese parliament, Shwe Mann, has said he is in talks with the country's opposition leader.
Campaigners have called for tougher sentencing for people caught on camera hunting dogs in Cheshire.
US House Speaker John Boehner has been known for his tears.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited Silicon Valley for the first time.
Sports Direct has reported a fall in half-year profits, partly due to a "significant deterioration in exchange rates".
China has detained two Canadian employees at a circus in Beijing, according to reports.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said Libya's unity government is the only way to defeat so-called Islamic State (IS).
The treasurer of Spain's main opposition Popular Party (PP) party is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors in Madrid.
Bangladesh's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that "substantial progress" has been made between the two countries on a major river.
A former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a fellow officer in the 1970s.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists have been jailed in Malaysia for urinating on a popular tourist spot in the wake of last month's earthquake.
Finding Dory has topped the UK box office for the second week in a row.
The number of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in any other EU country, a study suggests.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended amid an investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the World Para Taekwondo Championships in 2017 and 2018 has been announced.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has signed a new two-year contract with the Spanish club.
Mae cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio drwy'r Gymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu, yn ôl y cyngor yn cael eu cynnig yn dref dros y degawd diwethaf.
Welshman Mark Williams has been knocked out of the World Championship after failing to qualify for the first round.
Two men and two women have been charged after a protest at London's Heathrow Airport over plans for a new runway.
Anthony Scaramucci has resigned as White House communications director.
Charlton Athletic have extended the contracts of striker Miralem Ghoochannejhad and defender Joe Motta until the end of the season.
A police officer has been jailed for using his position to identify vulnerable women who he could offend against.
Fleetwood Mac have been named as the first act on the 2015 Isle of Wight Festival line-up.
The lawyer for fugitive US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he will not leave Moscow airport for now.
Norwich City manager Paul Money has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his country will not be deterred from its military operations in Syria.
A kayaker has gone missing after his father's boat capsized in a river in Surrey.
A fountain commemorating parachutists who took part in a Nazi raid during World War Two is in need of restoration.
A charity behind the Olympic and Paralympic ceremonies in Hull has raised more than £20m to fund a year of cultural events in the city.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has been suspended from his duties following the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria has said it will limit the number of migrants it accepts, in response to the migrant crisis.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts in the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH17.
A paedophile who was jailed for six years for sexually assaulting a boy was not suitable for approval to be a foster carer, a report has found.
A six-year-old girl who was treated for leukaemia in the US has been given a bone marrow transplant.
Fossils of the earliest pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Plans for a £22m beach recharge in Gloucestershire have been described as "garbage" by a councillor.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is taking charge of the Premier League champions for the first time in his career.
Great Britain's Liam Burnell won the men's 100m freestyle at the London 2012 Olympics.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been elected as the new speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, with Martin McGuinness saying it was a "big and bold move".
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson and Plymouth striker James Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players in the FA Cup second round.
Three women have been arrested after a pupil was found with serious injuries in a swimming pool at a school.
Emma Croker will make her first start for England in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in west Belfast on Thursday night.
A woodland near Loch Ness could be the source of the Loch Ness Monster, according to a conservation group.
The UK economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, official figures show.
A bridge in County Durham is to be closed for at least a month due to safety concerns.
Mauritius police have seized heroin worth an estimated $1m (Â£1.5m) from the country's national goalkeeper Joseph Leopold.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Australian Grand Prix.
Damien Hirst's autobiography is to be published next year, the artist has announced.
Aberdeen manager Derek Milne has said the club are in a "fair position" after a "challenging period" for the club.
Two dogs killed in a crash on the A470 in Snowdonia have been reunited with their owners.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a five-year-old girl was killed in a crash with a lorry.
A 21-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Women's Super League One side Chelsea Ladies have signed Arsenal midfielder N'Golo Kante on a two-year deal.
A former gym in Glasgow is to reopen to the public after it was forced to close last year.
Massimo Morricone has said he was "very, very flattered" to work with Quentin Tarantino on his new film.
Chad Dasaolu secured his place in the Great Britain sprint relay team for the Rio Olympics with a comfortable victory in the 100m at the World Championships in London.
One in five children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report.
A pharmaceutical firm is to invest £1.5m in a Newcastle plant.
Leicester Lions have been given the go-ahead by promoter Dave Bates to form a team.
A teenager has died after being found seriously injured at a Works in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of a six-year-old girl is to remain at Belfast Children's Hospital on bail, a court has heard.
Police have renewed their appeal for information a year after a man was stabbed to death.
MPs have called for "urgent guidance" on the use of "unauthorised restraint techniques" on removal flights.
A leading scientist in the field of cancer has been speaking to the BBC about her research into the disease.
People living with HIV should start antiretroviral treatment sooner rather than later, a study has suggested.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player Ryan McAllister on a two-year deal.
Farmers in Oxfordshire are to be allowed to carry out minor drainage works up to 1.5km in length from April, under government plans.
A British man has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man.
Holidaymakers are being scammed out of thousands of pounds by bogus travel companies, according to Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have found that some Muslim and Christian schools in England are failing to show proper respect for women.
Worcestershire have re-signed Worcester all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 season.
West Ham Ladies have agreed a deal with the club's women's football board to secure the long-term future of the club.
A "systematic eradication" of arts education in England is contributing to a diversity crisis, a report has said.
Southampton reached the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with victory over Crystal Palace.
Leyton Orient manager Michael O'Leary has won a legal battle with football's world governing body Fifa over his dismissal.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and former Sun chief executive Karen Brooks have appeared at the Old Bailey charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications.
A total of 26 Italian athletes have been charged with doping offences.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages has been jailed for four years.
A Mexican footballer who was kidnapped by masked gunmen has told an emergency operator he threatened and beat the kidnapper while on the phone.
Bournemouth moved up to fifth in the Premier League with a hard-fought victory over Leicester.
The French Football Federation has lodged an appeal against the suspension of Michel Platini from football's world governing body Fifa.
The UK's biggest airline, Monarch, has said it is operating as normal and expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year.
Plans to create a unitary police force in the Cotswolds could "signal the end" of Gloucestershire Police, the BBC understands.
A council has said it will cut 1,400 jobs and increase council tax in a bid to save £134m.
Goldman Sachs is to change its hiring process to include students who do not attend top universities.
Liverpool moved up to second in the Premier League with a comfortable win over Leicester at Anfield.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle.
A couple have become the first in the world to marry in the Pastafarian church.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged seven members of the FSB with involvement in the Yahoo data breach.
The Football Supporters Federation (FSF) has called for clubs to manage the resale of football tickets.
A massive data dump of emails sent to the chief executive of the dating website Ashley Madison has been published by security researchers.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2038, according to official figures.
Conor Thomas' late goal gave Swindon a 1-0 win over Millwall in League One.
A man who went missing more than a month ago has been found dead in his car.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at the challenges of delivering wind turbine parts on country roads.
An artificial intelligence system has been trained to spot the most common types of skin cancer, according to a US study.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Sunday's Premier League match against Tottenham, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer Chris Carlisle has been banned from driving for three years after failing to give a breath sample.
A flooded road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week.
A 10-month-old baby giraffe has been released back into the wild after being found in woodland in Somerset.
US actress Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she suffered a heart attack last week.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark VJ Day.
A funeral has been held for a man who died after being knocked out in a boxing match.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of dozens of people who died in a landslide in the Italian town of Salgar.
Venezuela and Venezuela are on the brink of civil war.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be turned off for four years, the government has announced.
Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says his side "deserved to win" after Luka Modric's late free-kick gave Real Madrid victory in La Liga.
A fox hunter accused of breaching the Protection of Wild Mammals Act has told a court he was there when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hounds.
A conman who stole more than £100,000 from a car parts company has been ordered to pay back £115,000 to his ex-employers.
It's been a week since the Russian government announced that it would ban the import of wine from the European Union.
A British man arrested in India on suspicion of weapons offences has had his case heard by the country's Supreme Court.
There are simply too few nurses in Scotland, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son was punching him in the stomach at the same time, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver has described the search for the sunken HMS Coventry as "a war grave".
Two tidal sites off Anglesey and Pembrokeshire have been granted planning permission.
AP McCoy has ended his 20-year career as champion jockey at Epsom Downs.
A judge has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers for delays of more than three hours, if they are not due to extraordinary circumstances.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spy agency bugged her mobile phone are "grave".
Swansea City's under-21s won the FA Youth Cup for the first time in their history on Sunday.
Plans for a tunnel on a major dual carriageway near Stonehenge should be scrapped, a South West MP has said.
Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham has said he has an "outside but realistic chance of winning" the contest.
The chancellor has refused to say if he would cut the top rate of income tax to £50,000 for people earning over £150,000.
The Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the world's most persecuted ethnic groups.
The inheritance tax (ITT) allowance is one of the most important tax rules in the UK.
Brewin Dolphin has agreed to sell its Dundee-based savings business to Alliance Trust Savings.
The BBC is to launch 40 new languages as part of a £289m expansion of its World Service.
A bus driver has been found guilty of a £1m insurance fraud.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning at his wedding.
Children who play with touchscreens in the hours before bedtime are less likely to sleep, a study suggests.
Plymouth Argyle have signed fly-half Laurence Pope, centre James May and wing Conor Moyle on two-year deals.
Two teenagers have died in a crash involving two vans in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are to be required to stream public meetings online, the Welsh Government has said.
Wasps kept their hopes of a top-four finish alive with a comfortable win over Bath in the Premiership.
Nikki is one of the UK's most popular social media stars.
Footballer Mark Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with driving while a baby was in the arms of a passenger.
Somalia's government has released a video purportedly showing a man carrying a laptop on a flight to Djibouti from Turkey.
Mauricio Macri's victory in Sunday night's presidential election in Argentina was a huge victory for the outgoing mayor of Buenos Aires.
The mother of a man who was stabbed 39 times in a "ferocious" attack has told a court she feared her son was involved.
Investors in a Grade II listed pier which was badly damaged by fire are being asked to buy shares worth £300,000.
Microsoft has said it searched the accounts of a blogger who posted screenshots of the unreleased Windows 8 operating system to his blog.
Arriva Trains Wales has said it will take 28 years to get the Welsh network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man has died in hospital in County Antrim.
A South African university has voted to remove a statue of Cecil Rhodes from its campus.
Newport County chief executive Gareth Davies says the club's owner Graham Westley should focus on preparing his side for Saturday's Premiership game at Newport Gwent Dragons.
Wales has missed out on a grade of A*-C in the GCSE results for English, maths and science.
East Midlands Airport is one of the UK's busiest airports.
Police in Spain have launched a major hunt for British fugitives who have been on the run since 2006.
Former world number one Andy Murray has apologised to Andy Murray after the Scot was caught on camera swearing at him during the ATP World Tour Finals.
The States of Jersey has issued a warning about the dangers of "fragile" reefs in the Channel Islands.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been criticised by the government.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
A body has been found in the River Taff in Cumbria.
A three-week-old baby has died after being bitten by a dog in Newcastle.
A man has been refused bail after his dog chewed at his ankle tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk.
Sir Vince Cable has said a management buyout of Tata Steel sends the right message to the steel industry.
A horse-rider has said he will be "going nowhere" after being refused McDonald's drive-thru service in Aberdeenshire.
Gary Neville's first game in charge of Valencia ended in a goalless draw as Jony Sanabria's first goal for the club.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet can help people lose weight, according to scientists.
A prison criticised for its high levels of violence has been told it faces "substantial safety concerns".
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the British Athletics team for the European Indoor Championships.
Ed Miliband has been accused of putting the future of the NHS at risk by Labour.
Some health boards in Scotland are spending more than £5 a day on meals and snacks, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in revenues for the three months to 26 December.
A London-based trader accused of causing a stock market "flash crash" has appeared in court in the US.
Great Britain have qualified for the semi-finals of the men's singles at the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Australia's foreign ministry has ordered an investigation into the pat-down of New Zealand's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney Airport.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum exploded at a factory in Londonderry.
A former police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in hundreds of cases has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder David van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
More than 100 people have been ordered to leave their homes in California after a wildfire broke out in the state, officials say.
Edinburgh-based gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has secured £1m in funding to expand its operations in the city.
Bank of Scotland is to introduce a new £5 note in Scotland next month.
Middlesbrough's Championship play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich Town.
When Chand was a teenager, she was already a star of Indian athletics.
Irish police have seized cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m in the Republic of Ireland.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of "a crazy attempt to create conditions" for its relationship with Israel.
A petition calling for Cardiff Airport to be renamed Robert Owen International Airport of Wales has been backed by a business leader.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder in connection with the death of a woman in Hampshire.
Brian Cookson has said he is not trying to dodge any of his responsibility for the culture of British cycling.
The Scottish Parliament is to hold its first general election debate later.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has said a socialist French prime minister in the City is a "revolution".
The cost of weddings and funeral services in the Church of England has been raised.
The remains of two soldiers who died in World War One have been laid to rest in Belgium.
Mae feddygon teulu yng Nghymru wedi cael eu gweld y systemau diagnostig yno yn dangos unrhyw arwyddion neu symptomau brys.
Mae'r gweinidogion yn San Steffan wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau yn y dyfodol.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will sell land at 13 military sites in England to build new homes.
Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat Wycombe Wanderers and move out of the National League relegation zone.
Murali Malan hit a career-best 46 on his T20 Blast debut as England beat South Africa by eight wickets at Taunton.
A chameleon has been found abandoned in a park in Ceredigion.
The campsite layout for this year's T in the Park music festival has been improved, organisers have said.
China's Haixan 01 submarine has detected two acoustic pulses in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
There's a lot of talk about video games and how they can help people deal with depression.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
A man who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has been described as a "true gent".
Liverpool have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson for an undisclosed fee.
Birmingham City have signed Chelsea striker Michael Vaughan for an undisclosed fee.
A 42-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
A football club is set to be the subject of a film.
At the end of the 1990s, India's cricket team won the World Cup for the first time.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed "good character" to come back from 1-0 down to beat Aston Villa.
Mick Fanning has been knocked out of the World Surf League Pipeline Masters in Hawaii after the death of his brother, Peter.
Germany's Dylan Groenewegen won the second stage of the Tour de Yorkshire on Saturday.
Greece is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
A man has been arrested after a gun was found in a block of flats in Glasgow.
At the Fifa Congress in Zurich this week, a delegation of Palestinian footballers from the Palestinian Authority (PA) and the Israeli Football Federation (Fifa) were expected to discuss the corruption scandal at the top of the world's governing body.
The "only sensible plan" to abandon the HS2 project at Euston station is to abandon it altogether, an MP has said.
Plans for more than 700 student 'beds' in Belfast have been submitted to the city council.
The UK spent an all-time high on film production in 2014, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms are to open in London later this month with a series of concerts inspired by classical music.
Britain's Adam Mitchell-Blake has become the first man to run under the 20.50-second Olympic A standard.
Guinea's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup were dented by a 1-0 defeat by Argentina on Tuesday.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of knifepoint robberies in Birmingham have been jailed.
Dundee United's owner has said the club's financial problems are "nothing to worry about" after the club announced an operating loss of £530,000.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win a Grand Slam title for 23 years with victory over her sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards.
Plans for major infrastructure projects in the Glasgow and Clyde Valley have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
The Green Party in Wales has launched its manifesto, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production.
Plans to improve a park in Blaby which has become "rather tired" have been approved by councillors.
Scotland captain Graeme Coetzer says his side's eight-wicket win over Afghanistan in the first of two one-day internationals in Edinburgh on Monday is crucial.
A house once owned by The Beatles singer George Harrison has sold at auction for £250,000.
A World War One medal has been found in a field in Pembrokeshire.
The family of a man who died 23 years ago have been told their body parts could remain unaccounted for.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann says the club are "devastated" by the news that Josh Murphy has broken his leg.
Mainland Chinese shares have fallen sharply amid concerns about the health of the economy.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has withdrawn its central contract for Wales scrum-half Scott Williams.
A crane has been used to remove drugs from a prison after it became lodged on the roof of a prison.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-offenders in England and Wales have found a new way to help them find work.
Human remains found in a mass grave in the Mexican state of Morelos have been exhumed, officials say.
Plants and animals are at greater risk of extinction because of climate change, a study suggests.
Plans for a new motorway across the Gwent Levels have been rejected by the environment regulator.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast.
The public inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire has received a letter from the prime minister, Downing Street has said.
A German man has been arrested in Berlin on suspicion of spying for the US, prosecutors say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic children's play Matilda has been cancelled after the actress was unable to sing the rest of the show.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) has called for a review of the way private parking companies are regulated in Scotland.
Labour has retained all of its seats in Cardiff North and Pontypridd in the assembly election.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, according to official results.
Is it a surprise that the oil cartel Opec has agreed to cut oil production?
Argentina striker Mehmedi says too much is being talked about Lionel Messi ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Switzerland.
David Cameron has always been a fan of the walkabout.
A man has been charged with sexual assault after an incident at a Cadets base in Aberdeenshire.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season and Shropshire defender James McAllister on a season-long loan.
A documentary about caste in the meat industry has been refused permission by India's government to film at the Mumbai International Film Festival.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found some of the world's most famous mosaic flooring.
Salmon exports rose by more than 50% in the first half of the year, according to a trade body.
Oxford United will host Scunthorpe in the first round of the Under-21 FA Cup.
A Londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young people are the most likely victims of identity theft, according to a new survey.
The death of a 31-year-old man in Glasgow is being treated as murder, police have said.
The number of people arrested in connection with dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland has risen to more than 1,000, police have said.
A teenager has admitted hacking Mumsnet, a social networking site that was hit by a series of cyber attacks.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were found dead in Oxfordshire has taken place.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on 8 May to choose their preferred party for the general election.
US singer Phil Collins has donated his collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Alamo to the state of Texas.
Castleford moved up to sixth in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield.
Mixu Paatelainen says Dundee United have "given themselves a chance" of avoiding relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A "huge" iguana has been living up a tree in Suffolk for three months.
It's almost time for the Brit Awards!
The UK's Astrium UK has released a new image of the spacecraft that will be Europe's most powerful space telescope.
One of the world's biggest tech companies, Uber, has been accused of sexual harassment by a female employee.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David De Gea to Real Madrid.
A ban on laptops and tablets in the cabin of planes from the Middle East is about to come into force.
Details of the prime minister's office and residence in Brussels have been found on the same street as the US embassy and the Belgian chancellery, reports say.
A fruit-seller has died after being beaten to death by Beijing's chengguan police force, state media report.
Ajax midfielder Middag has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Champions League club.
Robin van Persie has been discharged from hospital after suffering a torn eyelid in Fenerbahce's first game of the season.
Danny Hylton's late header earned Luton a 1-1 draw with Exeter in League Two.
Rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album, titled Untitled Unmastered, on streaming platforms.
Thousands of people have been taking part in the Edinburgh International Ice Festival.
Manchester City Council has announced a series of pay rises for senior staff.
Canadian MPs have voted to change the lyrics of the national anthem, O Canada.
A former US gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial accused of sexually abusing a child under 13.
A woman who was convicted of plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is to be honoured with a blue plaque in Derby.
Three Britons have died after a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Tofino in Canada.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major by becoming the youngest player to win the US Women's Open.
Tottenham midfielder Idrissa Bentaleb has joined German side Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex-girlfriend in a "brutal attack" in front of their two young children.
Tony Andreu's late penalty earned Dundee a point against 10-man Raith Rovers in the Scottish Championship.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of June.
The owner of Argos has reported a fall in sales as demand for furniture and sports goods offset a bid from Sainsbury's.
In the wake of the Arab Spring, there has been a renewed focus on the "demand-side" of an uprising.
Bethany Hill, who was eliminated from the US version of The Voice, has announced her retirement from backing vocals.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a cycling festival in Bristol.
A woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has been stabbed to death in the city of Chittoor.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a police officer by dangerous driving.
A man has died after being rescued from the sea off the Isle of Wight.
A woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend said she feared he was stalking her, a court has heard.
A collection of prams from a Nottinghamshire family business has sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets to win the One-Day Cup for the first time in their history.
A five-year-old boy has been investigated by police for sexting.
A man who sent bomb threats to Bristol Airport has been jailed for three years.
England produced a stunning display to beat Australia by eight wickets in the first Test in Cardiff.
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lithium-ion batteries have been unveiled by Lenovo and Acer.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says processed meat can cause cancer.
Train conductors on Southern are to stage two days of strike action in a row over pay and conditions.
A dissident republican group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer John Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's plan to give EU migrants living in the UK full rights is a "good start".
Kim Sung-yueng won the Women's LPGA Classic by one shot from fellow South Korean Charley Hull after a play-off with American Charley Ciganda.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against a far-right party after posting a photo of a transgender teenager on a leaflet of a school leaflet.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won gold in the women's sport climbing at the World Championships in China.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest producer of fresh milk, is being sold to a German firm.
UK consumers are "skinting" as they struggle to keep pace with shop prices, according to Visa.
A wheelchair user has said he was left "horrified" after being stuck in a train door.
A fountain used to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne has been filled with water from a natural lake.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to get a lift-off on Tuesday.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found shot in Lincolnshire.
Jenson Button won his 100th grand prix as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel took the title from McLaren's Fernando Alonso.
At least 19 people have been killed in heavy rain in Japan, officials say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gertrude Stein looks at the growing popularity of companion apps.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage players Alex Waddington and Ryan Davies.
Pup numbers at a Norfolk nature reserve have reached a record high, according to a ranger.
The number of Hainan gibbons in China has fallen dramatically, according to a new study.
MPs have voted to scrap plans to raise VAT by 0.5% and delay the rise until after the general election.
The threat to the Welsh economy is "far deeper than steel", Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has unveiled a £1bn plan to transform the eastern edge of the city centre.
Liverpool's Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid on Saturday is one of the most important games of the season for the Reds.
Laura Waters won the British Squash Championship for the first time in her career with victory over Jamie Waters in Sheffield.
Jeremy Corbyn has a problem with anti-Semitism.
Disney Animation Studios is to release a sequel to its hit film Frozen, the studio has announced.
Wembley Stadium has been confirmed as the venue for the Women's FA Cup final.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Championship strugglers Bolton.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit a career-best 63 to help his side take control against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Britain's Adam Rutherford won the men's 10,000m at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Dog poo is on the rise on UK beaches.
Chelsea captain John Terry has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the 1-1 draw with Leicester.
Four members of an international organised crime gang have been found guilty of stealing artefacts worth up to £57m in a series of raids.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what's going on in Kenya and Tanzania.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most important development organisations.
A man who swims the English Channel to raise money for a hospice has raised more than £50,000.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side's FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal showed they have a "losing mentality".
Gregor Townsend says his Glasgow Warriors side were not good enough in the second half of their Pro12 semi-final defeat by Edinburgh.
One of the world's most famous shipyards has died at the age of 87.
A woman was ordered to stab her ex-boyfriend in the face in a revenge porn attack, a court has heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane has a "weakness" in his game, according to former England boss Roy Hodgson.
Britain's Andy Murray eased into the quarter-finals of the French Open with a 6-4 6-3 win over Canada's Vasek Pospisil.
The designer of Etch A Sketch, the iconic tablet computer, has died at the age of 87.
The government is to sell off its stake in the UK's first green investment bank.
A solar-powered mobile phone charging booth has been launched in central London.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its recall of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has admitted sexually abusing boys as young as eight.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has captured its final image of Mars.
A Labour MP has been criticised for failing to provide evidence to back up her claims about the death of her husband in hospital.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
The government has asked Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools where children are being taught in unsafe accommodation.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to reject new proposals for the City Garden Project.
The Royal Navy's most decorated submariner is to be honoured with a plaque at his home in Dumfries and Galloway.
Lionel Messi has rejected a request to drop tax fraud charges against him and his father.
The Scottish Premiership's top three sides will face each other in the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup.
A GP surgery group is considering cutting gluten-free prescriptions and cutting gluten free foods in a bid to save money.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would be willing to serve under Donald Trump if asked by the president-elect.
"I have no time to go to temples," says Lai Hsiao.
A garden has opened at the Noah's Ark children's hospital in Cardiff.
More than half of new mothers in Wales are planning to breastfeed when they become parents in future, a survey has suggested.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle her two children into Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State.
The European Union is to set up a single list of "non-cooperative jurisdictions" in response to the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic have rejected a bid from Blackburn Rovers for Nigeria defender Patrick Ambrose.
Arctic terns have been attacked by walkers with dogs in Aberdeenshire.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Monday, boosted by a rise in bank shares.
Sir Philip Green has made a fresh offer to secure the pensions of BHS pension scheme members, the BBC understands.
Scotland second row Leone Nakawara will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season to join Edinburgh.
New Zealand off-spinner Priti Patel has signed a new two-year contract with Northamptonshire.
The number of women being diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders have written to the prime minister calling for a review of the defence review.
Scientists say they have found a new place to live in the ocean.
Researchers have found that people are more likely to give themselves electric shocks out of boredom.
A 10-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Kent.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a "altercation" in south London.
Scientists have recorded the movements of a spider that uses silk to "jump" when it hunts.
Exeter Chiefs have strengthened their squad for the Premiership play-off semi-final against Leicester Tigers on Saturday.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he is "delighted" by the club's takeover by Francesco Becchetti.
It's been a busy summer for the Premier League, but who made a winning start to the season?
The fallout from the introduction of the so-called "bedroom tax" makes the front page of the News Letter.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's biggest pizza chain, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for 2015, helped by a surge in e-commerce sales.
National League side Eastleigh have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder James Osbourne on a two-year deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, officials say.
Northern Ireland's First Minister Jim Murphy has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is "not a party for the faint-hearted".
When Barack Obama arrived at the African Union's headquarters in Nairobi, he was greeted by a loud cheer.
Former Northern Ireland road racer David Farquhar has been discharged from hospital after a crash at the North West 200.
The number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales has risen, according to Network Rail Wales.
Tiger Woods has said he is receiving professional help to manage his medications and a sleep disorder.
The US and Russia have agreed to extend a 48-hour ceasefire in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The draw for the Europa League last 32 will take place on Wednesday.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house in which 11 people were living.
French President Francois Hollande has been accused of betraying the country's values by proposing to strip terrorists of their French nationality.
The Green Party has announced plans to abolish a tax on sanitary products in England and Wales.
A cash machine has been destroyed in a robbery in Cumbernauld.
The Co-op Insurance has been ordered to provide two separate quotations for no claims bonus protection, after it missed a deadline to do so.
A South African judge has given prosecutors permission to appeal against the acquittal of athlete Oscar Pistorius of murder.
Russia's foreign minister has said the US is "not able or not willing" to separate the Syrian opposition from al-Qaeda.
Thousands of people have taken part in a fun slide to raise money for cancer research.
China's newly appointed environmental protection minister, Chai Jing, has removed a documentary critical of the state's handling of air pollution.
A man has been taken to hospital after being assaulted at a house in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard's late winner earned Dagenham a 2-1 win over Bromley in the National League.
More than 2,000 children in England are being sexually exploited, according to a new report.
Crawford Gillies has been appointed as the new chairmanship of Scottish distiller Edrington.
(Close): The pound strengthened against the dollar on Monday, helping to lift the FTSE 100 index.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio message of their new leader, in which a baby is heard crying.
Worcestershire opened their County Championship campaign with a superb performance from debutant Sam Tongue on day two against Glamorgan.
A lollipop lady who was hit by a car while on duty in Luton has told a court he is "truly sorry" for what he has done to her.
Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man who went missing during a triathlon event has been found dead in a lake.
Barcelona have made a tax payment of 13,550,830.56 euros (£13.56m) to the club for the signing of Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's top investor in clean energy, according to new data.
A temporary footbridge is to be installed in a North Yorkshire town to help reunite it with its residents, the county council has said.
A football club has returned to its home town of Scarborough after a two-year absence.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 extendable friction lock batons, each contained within their own holder, from China.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has resigned after more than two years in the post.
A man has been taken to hospital after being found lying on the ground in West Lothian.
A reality TV star has been mocked for his "bonkers" tanning tips after appearing on a TV show.
Ben Carson, the frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination, has been accused of lying about his childhood indiscretions.
Nigeria's former Football Association of Nigeria (Fifa) president Yakubu Adamu has been investigated by the country's ethics committee.
African art is one of the fastest growing industries in the world, according to a new report.
Astronomers have made a series of maps of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has approved a bill that would criminalise people who use social media to spread false stories.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been criticised by Football Association chairman Greg Dyke for his treatment of former Chelsea player Eva Carneiro.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of the leader of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Meet George, the dog who loves to shop.
Libya's coast guard has launched a major rescue operation after an attack on a migrant dinghy off the coast of Italy, a German charity says.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said.
The SNP spent more than £9m on its general election campaign than any other party, the Electoral Commission has said.
Haven Haven have appointed former St Helens and Super League side Northampton Saints forward Tom Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President-elect Donald Trump has been accused of a lack of understanding of what it takes to win the war in Afghanistan and Ukraine.
Is Mumbai's Bellandur lake really the world's most polluted lake?
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pensioner was stabbed to death in Cardiff.
The reverse of the World Para Athletics Championships will feature a design featuring the London skyline, the BBC has announced.
A ban on the production, sale and supply of legal highs in England and Wales has led to the seizure of nearly 14,000 nitrous oxide or laughing gas canisters.
The International Space Station has been illuminated by the Sun for the first time in more than a decade.
The Nasdaq stock exchange has been hit by a technical glitch.
A commuter who used his mobile phone to take photographs of women at two Edinburgh railway stations has been jailed for 18 months.
International efforts are under way to phase out one of the world's most destructive greenhouse gases.
Mobile phone company EE has developed a network of balloons that can be used to provide internet coverage to rural areas.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England is "one of the toughest Test matches I've been involved in".
David Cameron has apologised to a London mayoral candidate for suggesting he supports the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Plans for a wind farm in Skye have been approved by councillors.
The government has said it is confident it can pass its Brexit bill despite opposition from the Scottish and Welsh governments.
Ride-sharing firm Uber is losing $1bn (Â£1.3bn) a year in China, according to reports.
Parents of children at a children's day camp whose director was charged with possessing indecent images of children are to be refunded.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at 160lb following his victory over Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man has died after his light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airfield.
Preston North End legend Sir Tom Finney has died at the age of 95.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Christian Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new chief of the intelligence agency, the ISI, as its new chief.
The death of a baby boy at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary was caused by a series of missed chances to provide medical input, an inquest has heard.
The UK's banking watchdog has criticised the government's draft banking reform bill, saying it falls well short of what is required.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A British tourist has died while snorkelling on a reef in Australia, the second such death in less than a week.
Scientists have recreated the venom of venomous spiders to see if they have found a way to minimise the effects of a stroke.
The Northern Ireland Executive has approved a revised business case for a joint training college for fire and rescue services.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a mountain in Denbighshire.
A group of blind cricketers gather on the grass at Berbice stadium in the north-west of the country.
Meet Jack Johnson, the 10-year-old rugby league star who has a rare form of motor neurone disease.
A woman who was jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a Dumfries businessman has lost an appeal against her conviction.
American swimmer Ryan Lochte has been stripped of his Speedo sponsorship after the company said it would not renew the deal.
Durham sealed their place in the One-Day Cup second round with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to strengthen their squad ahead of the new season.
A new office development in Belfast Harbour has been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Four-year-old Claire is hoping to become the first person in the world to walk unaided in the London Marathon.
California's jail system has "serious systemic deficiencies" and "significantly understates" efforts to improve inmate safety, the US justice department has said.
A farmer in South Yorkshire has been able to grow a fruit that is not quite ripe enough to eat.
It's been a rough week for Indonesian tennis player Nalbandian.
Chris Froome's team-mate Luke Rowe pulled through to win the Tour de France, says Team Sky boss Dave Brailsford.
A 2,000-year-old berry has been discovered in Argentina.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha's style of play will change slightly when he takes charge of the club on Saturday, says Lee Canning.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has carried out its first test flight of a new spacecraft.
Plans to redevelop a former high school in County Antrim have been put back by a month.
Former Greek Finance Minister Ioannis Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a list of HSBC bank account holders.
A hospital has been criticised for buying a blackout blind from a discount retailer for £22.95.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been jailed for eight years for raping a woman in her own home in south London.
A fertility charity has called for the number of IVF cycles that can be offered to women in Scotland to be reviewed.
Hospitals in England are failing to meet the four-hour waiting time target, according to a report.
A tram test has been carried out in Manchester ahead of a new crossing in the city centre.
US allergy drugmaker Mylan has said it will launch a generic version of its EpiPen, in response to a rise in the cost of the treatment.
Kell Brook has been ruled out of Saturday's world welterweight title defence against Gennady Golovkin after suffering a head injury in his fight.
Dundee City Council has announced it will pull out of next month's Great British Run.
Crystal Palace striker Moussa Dembele has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Michael Gove has said the UK will be out of the EU's common fisheries policy after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has been placed on a ventilator.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, official figures show.
Saturday's League One match between Peterborough and Latics has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested after a suspected gas explosion at a supermarket.
Police investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in West Lothian have appealed for witnesses.
Humberside Police's chief constable has called for parents to be allowed to take their children on holiday during the summer.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has said he will not " exclude himself" from being prime minister by not talking to anyone during the general election campaign.
It's been a busy week for American football fans across the country.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his six-year-old daughter.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat Taunton and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan have signed Australia batsman Colin Ingram for the 2017 Big Bash competition after he was released by Adelaide Strikers.
A union has said it would oppose any move of economic statistics from London to Newport by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
At a refugee camp in the Iraqi city of Sinjar, a group of Yazidi women and children were listening to the story of how they were taken away by Islamic State (IS) militants two years ago.
Michael Clarke hit a century on the first day of the first Test against England to honour the death of Hughes Hughes.
Bristol's railway station has been temporarily closed to the public for 24 hours to improve access to the platform.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been hit by a second cyber attack in less than 24 hours.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as Q in Sean Connery's 1962 remake of Thunderball, has died.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa won the third one-day international by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the Brexit negotiations are having little impact on day-to-day business.
A double-decker bus has been destroyed in a fire at Bishopsgate Junction in south London.
Morrisons has become the first supermarket in the UK to raise the wholesale price of Marmite.
One of Glasgow School of Art's most famous buildings has been given the go-ahead.
Labour leader Owen Smith has called on the European Union to respect the will of Scotland.
Kumar Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket.
High winds have caused disruption across parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has announced a major aid package for Northern Ireland's dairy industry.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was disappointed with his side's second-half display as they were held to a goalless draw by Hearts.
A Japanese otter expert is to visit Scotland to help with the reintroduction of the species to Hokkaido.
When I arrived in Bangkok two days ago, I had no idea what to expect.
UKIP has apologised for a tweet about HIV sufferers.
Barcelona striker Dani Alves has left the club by mutual consent.
SpaceX has carried out a routine test of its Falcon rocket.
UK detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work in Thailand.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra hit a six-wicket haul as his side were held to a draw by Hampshire at Edgbaston.
People living outside Wales could not stand as a candidate in the assembly election unless they are registered as "living in Wales".
The Conservatives are under more pressure to show their numbers if they win the general election.
Mercedes have confirmed the departure of Williams technical director Paddy Lowe.
A knife has been found at a prison in Northumberland, a union has said.
A 91-year-old man who died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record has been named by police.
The brother of a British man who went missing in Thailand has said his mother has lost her youngest son.
Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies are to change their name to 'Arsenal Ladies'.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in Surrey.
A British woman who died after a carbon monoxide leak in China was killed by a water heater, an inquest has heard.
The government has backed a charter that would allow future governments to run an absolute budget surplus when the economy is growing.
The oldest carnival in Europe is to return to the city centre for the first time in more than 50 years.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says he feels "like a football player again" after returning from a knee injury.
A US man has been charged with conspiring to kill Americans and to carry out attacks against the US military.
Brighton moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Ipswich.
A cash machine has been stolen during a raid on a shop in Kent.
The sister of a junior doctor who was found dead in the sea has said she will never be forgotten.
Ski Scotland has said it is "delighted" that the Scottish Highlands has enjoyed a bumper ski season.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams is receiving a letter of support from the republican people.
Have you ever wondered what a Cretaceous creature might look like?
Two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby boy in Kent.
DUP health minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because it is in the interests of Northern Ireland.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who groomed other underage girls, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a parade in Donegal to mark the Twelfth of July celebrations.
All the manifestos for the assembly election have been published.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the club are "a little bit short" of players.
Blackpool were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester in League Two.
China is "committing to do something about it", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after a short illness at Durham Cathedral.
Wales has the highest availability of super-fast internet in the UK, according to a report by communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being asked to give their views on a travellers' site in Powys.
A church spire damaged by woodpeckers is to be repaired following a lottery grant.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Senator Lindsey Graham a "war hero", according to a Politico reporter.
US President Barack Obama has hailed the opening of healthcare exchanges as a "historic opportunity" for millions of Americans who do not have health insurance.
A security alert in Londonderry has ended.
The US government has unveiled new guidelines on the use of devices that are not built into the car and used while driving.
A delegation from Northern Ireland and Colombia is to visit the Colombian capital, Bogota, later this month.
A man has been taken to hospital after getting stuck up a fence in Coventry.
Tom Lyth hit a career-best century as Yorkshire dominated day two against Surrey at The Oval.
A man has been fined Â£1,000 for causing the evacuation of a block of flats in Crawley.
Channel 5's Ken Morley has been investigated by broadcasting watchdog Ofcom over "unacceptable" behaviour.
A water main has burst at a water treatment plant in the Republic of Ireland, Irish Water has said.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint at a shop in Londonderry.
Londonderry MLA David Eastwood has said he will challenge SDLP leader Dr Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A North Lanarkshire town has been nominated for a Carbuncle award for its civic achievements.
Police have seized a quantity of cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m in the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour only gets to be the natural party of Wales if it consistently re-invigorate itself, a former shadow minister has said.
Kirsty Sorenstam, the former captain of the United States Women's Ryder Cup team, believes Hull is a potential top-10 player in the world.
A £10,000 investment in a German-based tracking company has been cancelled after it failed to materialise during BBC One's The Apprentice.
Bangladesh has restored electricity to most of the country after a power blackout that lasted more than 24 hours.
The Culture Minister, Carál Ní Chuilín, has ordered an investigation into the leadership of Sport NI.
Patients in England will be able to choose which drugs they want to use on the NHS, NHS England has announced.
A pub publican who stabbed a man in the neck with a steak knife has been jailed for three years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who fled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group are "distraught", a lawyer has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged by the Football Association for refusing to move away from the pitch during Sunday's match with Burnley.
A collection of 17th Century cups and saucers has been stolen from a house.
The owners of a private hospital where patients were abused by staff have been criticised for failing to provide adequate care.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the county by mutual consent.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of US student Amanda Kercher, has been jailed for 25 years for her murder.
Defending champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "scarred for a while" after the American missed the cut at the Masters.
A South African runner has accused athletics' governing body of "fishy" after he was denied entry to the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak.
Middlesbrough scored two first-half goals as they beat Bournemouth for the first time this season.
The former first minister of Northern Ireland, Lord Bannside, has been speaking to the BBC for the first time since he was admitted to hospital with heart problems.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Cardiff City midfielder Jordan McDiarmid on a season-long loan deal.
Belgian police have arrested four people in connection with a series of terror attacks, officials say.
Theresa May has met residents affected by the Grenfell Tower fire in west London and pledged £5m of support to them.
Leigh Centurions have signed England international half-back Michael Chase from Salford Red Devils on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted has been extended for another two years.
Mining giant Anglo American has announced plans to cut up to 50,000 jobs as part of a multi-billion pound restructuring.
French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie has died after being hit by a motorbike during a race in Belgium.
Ireland fly-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new contract with Ulster until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The US space agency has sent back a tiny amount of dust from asteroid Bennu.
A Cambridge University lecturer has been ordered to return her two-year-old son to Japan under international civil legislation.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled on to rocks.
At least three bodies have been found in a field in the north-eastern Kenyan city of Nairobi, police say.
The government of Vanuatu has declared a state of emergency after a cyclone devastated the island nation.
The number of Syrian refugees coming to the UK is "much the same as it's been over the last few months", Communities Secretary Padraig Harrington has said.
MPs have expressed "grave misgivings" about the government's decision to force convicted criminals to pay a criminal courts charge.
Asda has fixed a security flaw in its website that could have exposed customers' details to hackers, the BBC has learned.
A former drug cartel pilot has been jailed for attempting to murder a man who had been paying his way by bringing round alcohol and food.
Mexico beat Brazil 2-1 in extra-time to win the men's Olympic football gold medal at Wembley.
The Royal Mint has introduced a 12-sided £1 coin in the UK.
Andy Murray's former coach Tomas Lendl says he hopes to return to coaching again.
A woman has told a court she was raped by a man in Edinburgh city centre.
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year deal.
David Llewellin is one of Wales' most successful sportsmen - but he's also one of the country's most successful racers.
George Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the genocide committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
An academy chain has announced plans to merge two schools in Gloucestershire, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Six people have been charged in connection with an attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said it is not possible for him to force his own ministers to back him in the EU referendum.
A US appeals court has ruled that Brendan Dassey, the star of Netflix documentary Making a Murderer, can be released from prison within 90 days.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to hacking tools allegedly stolen from the US National Security Agency has been abandoned.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for £10m on a two-year deal.
Academy trusts are among the most and least successful in improving pupil performance, according to a new analysis.
Eleven missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, the BBC has announced.
Transport firm Menzies has said service levels at London Gatwick have been restored, but warned full-year profits could be lower.
Boris Johnson's visit to Moscow has been called off because of the "shocking events" in Syria.
A police force's poster warning children not to be afraid of officers has gone viral on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating a claim that Lord Janner sexually abused a man in the 1970s.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to relocate to Lincoln City's Sincil Bank.
Northern Ireland's flag protests are damaging the image of a "forward-looking, modern Northern Ireland", Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Taylor Swift has said she is "astounded" that same-sex marriage is illegal in Australia.
England wrapped up a 3-0 series win over New Zealand with a comfortable victory at Twickenham.
A drug that reverses the failure of joint replacements has been shown to improve the life of patients who take them, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of six of her babies.
Head teachers have warned that the so-called Trojan Horse scandal is the "tip of the iceberg" in tackling extremism in schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice as Bristol Rovers came from behind to draw at MK Dons.
A field trial of a genetically modified rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised.
Fabian Delph's move from Aston Villa to Manchester City on Thursday was one of the most dramatic developments in the club's transfer saga.
A hospital has been told to improve the care of patients in its accident and emergency department after a patient was found dead for more than an hour.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give evidence to a review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Williams at a Gloucestershire school.
When Ryan was 13 years old he was a gangster drug dealer, selling thousands of pounds worth of drugs a week.
A new degree course in Urdu has been launched by the University of Peshawar.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in the illegal oil trade, Russia's defence ministry has said.
Thousands of Download fans have been posing for selfies with armed police at the festival.
The European Council president has said no serious negotiations will take place over the UK's vote to leave the EU.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to December.
Chinese police say they have seized more than 5,000 bottles of alcohol and a powder of Viagra, believed to be the most popular drink in the country.
A dispute over pay has been resolved, a council has said.
TalkTalk has said that more than 15,000 customers may have been affected by a cyber attack on its website.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after the third round of the PGA Championship in California.
A carbon fibre-powered car has broken the world record for the fastest speed in a production car.
A British soldier has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Uganda.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac says he would be "devastated" if James Davies threw a punch at Saracens' James Skelton.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has found one of the lost F-1 engines from a space rocket.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on Hong Kong this weekend for the world's largest ice sculpture festival.
The Busy Twist duo have made their debut in Ghana's capital, Accra, by recording a dance track.
Leicester City fans have described the "shambles" at their FA Cup match against Tottenham as "a shambles".
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower after the latest jobs figures showed the US economy added fewer jobs than expected in July.
Kevin Pietersen will miss the final Test against South Africa at Lord's on Wednesday, after a turbulent period for the England batsman.
Scientists have discovered 93 of the genes that cause breast cancer.
Scientists have identified a link between chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Staff at London Metropolitan University are to vote on whether to strike in a row over job losses.
Dundee United moved six points clear at the top of the Scottish League Two table with a comfortable win over Raith Rovers.
Glamorgan's bowlers took four wickets in the final five overs to give Kent the upper hand in their Division Two match at Canterbury.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two teenage girls who were hit by a car pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a campaign to raise awareness of boating safety.
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has activated the departure clause in his contract that will allow him to leave the club.
Nigeria's women's and youth players are among the nominees for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Player of the Year award.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Bath.
Irish marathon runner David Pollock has run his first race since winning the World Half Marathon Championship in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's al-Wefaq opposition group has said he is "ready" for dialogue with the government.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints of profane and hateful anti-Islamic messages.
Jordi Jordi has paid tribute to Dutch legend Johan Cruyff.
Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time in her career with a 6-3 6-4 win over Czech qualifier Anett Kontaveit.
A new Ulster flag has been unveiled in Belfast city centre.
Martin Meeke won the World Rally Championship for the first time in his career as he took victory in Sweden on Sunday.
A Baidu executive has been arrested in Beijing for allegedly taking his hands off the steering wheel of a self-driving car.
Brian Matthew, the BBC's Saturday Skiffle Club presenter, has died at the age of 91.
Sale Sharks' Joe Charnley says he is relishing the challenge of switching to rugby union.
Israel has appointed a new police commissioner for the Arab community.
"Who is this?" asks one of the three young men sitting in a cafe in Consett.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias has undergone reconstructive surgery after he cut his hand while performing in Mexico.
A former police officer has called for the decriminalisation of cannabis.
Johnny Sexton and Owen Farrell will start for the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against Maori on Monday.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead in Liverpool.
Wonder Woman has been appointed as the new secretary general of the United Nations.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has been told it has no basis for a finding of negligence in the case of a Marine who suffered a head injury while diving off the coast of Spain.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he is convinced US President-elect Donald Trump is a leader in whom he can have great confidence.
The European Championship has come to an end, and it is time for the knockout stages to get under way.
A transsexual woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting a fellow inmate has appealed against her sentence.
A man and his dog have been rescued from a submerged car in a lake in Hertfordshire.
Back in 1981 the BBC Micro Computer was one of the most popular computers in the UK.
Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Ryan Pigott on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer David Thorne is to write the first series of Electric Dreams, a stage play based on the Harry Potter books.
A girl has been shot in the head by her father in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A radio presenter who said "every day is hell" has been reunited with his wife during a phone-in.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at a hospital's maternity unit have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered beneath a cliff.
Indian wrestler Manoj Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of a "clear case of conspiracy against me".
More than half of primary and secondary pupils in England are using tablet computers, according to a study.
A group of students from Queen's University in Belfast have begun a campaign to stop the university from investing in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Victor Camara has joined French side Guingamp on a two-year deal.
Pianist Jason Eska has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in South Africa on Wednesday.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk should be prosecuted for negligence over the 2010 plane crash that killed 96 people, the government has said.
Cardiff City are "highly insolvent", according to the club's annual report.
A man has been found with life-threatening injuries in Brighton.
A memorial to Sheffield women who worked in the steel industry during World War Two has been unveiled.
Hartlepool United youngster Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Scottish beaches have been rated as among the best in the country for water quality.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Mahony were forced off as Ireland fought back to beat France and reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his two-year-old son in a garden chair.
Mauritius Prime Minister Ravi Jugnauth has announced he is stepping down.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden.
Nigeria international Victor Oshaniwa has joined Hearts from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod on a two-year deal.
Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of a family matter.
A former Middlesbrough footballer has been found dead at his home in Liverpool.
A group of speed bikers have taken to the streets of London to perform a series of speed bumps.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to move out of the relegation zone.
WhatsApp users are being urged to use it every day to keep up with the latest news in the world.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK.
Cambridge United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history with a goalless draw with Manchester United.
France has condemned Turkey's bombardment of Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in Londonderry.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says his players are suffering from a "hangover" after Tuesday's League One defeat by Barnsley.
Closures of shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon have been lifted, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) has said.
The European Union has expressed concern that a new border between Georgia and Russia has led to tension in a disputed region.
A minute's silence has been observed in Paris for the victims of the attacks on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Ghana's air and ground mission to fight the Ebola outbreak in West Africa has been scaled back.
More than 6,000 people have been rescued from the rubble of buildings hit by Saturday's earthquake in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu.
(Close): The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed lower on Friday after the US Supreme Court ruled that the Affordable Care Act should remain in place.
BBC Sport will broadcast live coverage of Bridlington Town's FA Cup quarter-final against South Shields at Wembley.
When I walked onto the pitch at the Nou Camp in Londonderry last month I was greeted with a mixture of pride and embarrassment.
Three opposition-held legislators in Venezuela have agreed to leave the National Assembly in a bid to break a long-running stand-off with the government.
Six people have been arrested after a suspected human trafficking lorry was found in a motorway.
Children who read for pleasure are more likely to do well in maths and reading for pleasure, a study suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Darren Goodwin has been charged with assault by the Football Association.
For centuries the Church of England has had exclusively male bishops.
The former boss of the Newcastle bakery chain has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing boys.
Northstone, the Dublin-based building materials group, has reported a fall in group turnover in 2012.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, the government has stepped up its security measures.
The US has begun training Syrian rebels to fight against Islamic State, the Pentagon has said.
France is going to the polls in the first round of the presidential election.
The funeral of a former Dizzee Rascal DJ has taken place.
Family members of Adam Lanza, the 17-year-old who was killed by a gunman at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as a "very bright boy".
Ireland's women reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League 2 tournament in Ballymena, County Antrim.
A health trust has admitted failing to protect a patient who fell from a roof at a mental health unit.
Two men have been arrested in a firearms operation in Bedford.
There has been a lot of talk about the impact of the Brexit vote on the UK economy.
Labour and Plaid Cymru have accused UKIP of "scarymongering" over immigration.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-3 to win the Brisbane International.
Mansfield came from behind to beat Morecambe and move up to second in the League Two table.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men in Kilmarnock.
Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in his role as Rangers captain, according to former Celtic boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County board chairman John Foxall says the club's decision to sack Graham Westley was based on "the overwhelming view of the players".
The parents of a Scottish woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to the Mauritian authorities saying they are "humbled" by the outpouring of support they have received.
More than half of people in the East Midlands and the West Midlands are unable to name any of their local councillors, according to new research.
The BBC's decision not to renew the contract of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been greeted with a range of reactions across the world.
A former head teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of encouraging "religious influence" on pupils.
League Two side Wrexham have signed former Wales international midfielder Rhys Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular exercise in the 60s may help prevent memory loss in later life, a study suggests.
A coroner has described a "gross systemic failure" in the basic care provided to a man who hanged himself at a County Antrim hospital.
The mother of a British teenager who went on a gap year trek to Nepal after the earthquake has said she was told the embassy was closed.
Britain's Andy Murray will face Sweden's Naomi Broady in the first round of the Australian Open on Centre Court.
European politicians have called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
Three men have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK in a lorry.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have performed the Haka, the traditional dance performed by Maori warriors, during their royal tour of New Zealand.
There is an "overwhelming tide" of unhealthy food promotions in Scotland, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have sacked a former employee after he was alleged to have sexually abused children under the age of 16.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and their shrubbery damaged by lorries.
Chinese telecoms tycoon Li-Ka Shing has agreed to buy the UK's O2 mobile network for £2.5bn.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can control a car remotely.
Two men have been jailed for posing as emergency services officers to sell advertising for non-existent publications.
A fund has been set up to help refugees resettled in Aberdeen.
As the year draws to a close, many business leaders are looking forward to the next 12 months.
Cornish Pirates back-row Alex Cheesman and prop Morgs Morgan have signed new contracts with the club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in Stafford to call for the closure of Stafford Hospital.
A Cardiff man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag to raise awareness of the condition.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Ron Chernow looks at some of the most notorious slave owners in the US.
A new tram line between Derby and Nottingham could cost £200m, East Midlands councils have said.
Newport Gwent Dragons shareholders have backed a £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
The Beltane Fire Festival has taken place in Londonderry.
A group of soldiers and their families are to move to a new home in Wrexham as part of a shake-up of defence bases.
The driver of Tesla's Autopilot feature was able to see a lorry for seven seconds, a US safety regulator has said.
Uganda's government website has been taken over by hackers, the government says.
There has been a "backlash" over a man who was found guilty of carrying out a series of offensive weapons offences in the Republic of Ireland.
Sri Lanka all-rounder Rangana Herath has signed a new contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Oxford.
Saudi Arabia has accused the US of violating its sovereign immunity over the 9/11 attacks.
A oil rig which ran aground on the Isle of Lewis last month is to be towed to Malta to be scrapped.
Police in Pakistan have arrested two men on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple accused of blasphemy.
Libya's rival parliaments have rejected a UN proposal for a national unity government, a UN envoy has said.
It's that time of year again when you're trying to decide whether or not to spend Christmas with your family.
A former American football player has been found dead in his prison cell in the US state of Nebraska.
The number of police pursuit-related deaths in England and Wales has risen to its highest level in a year, according to the police watchdog.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has terminated its sponsorship of the sport's governing body Adidas.
Ireland secured a draw with the Netherlands in the Intercontinental Cup quarter-final in Dublin.
Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto has been shot dead by a machete-wielding intruder at his farm complex, police say.
A team of scientists has been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A US judge has ruled that genetic tests will be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of Prince.
A Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham owner David Sullivan and his partner Daniel Gold have confirmed they are in talks to buy a controlling stake in the club.
Google has reported a rise in revenue for the first quarter of the year, helped by a jump in advertising revenue.
The director of a company which went into administration has said that he hopes to secure new work by the end of the year.
A woman accused of defrauding her elderly neighbour out of £100,000 has told a court she was taking advantage of the fact she was no longer here.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county.
Google has launched its Google Home smart speaker in the UK.
The deportation of a Nigerian woman and her two daughters from the UK has been delayed, the Home Office has said.
A Northern Ireland councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party.
An Irish man has been shot dead in Spain, police have said.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that its only female giant panda, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable win over Wigan.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games for punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the Super League defeat at Old Trafford.
Hungary has offered buses to thousands of migrants who have crossed the Hungarian border in the past 24 hours.
Chelsea goalkeeper Victor Moses could return to the club this season, according to manager Mark Hughes.
Coventry secured their first win of the season as they beat 10-man Millwall.
Schools in Scotland are paying for the SNP's failure to take any responsibility for their schools system, according to official government figures.
A man who was jailed for four-and-a-half years for uploading indecent images of children to the internet has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Events have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers and the Denver Nuggets will play each other in a regular-season game at the O2 Arena in London.
Jimmy Hennessy was a father-of-two from Ellesmere Port, who died in a car crash at the age of 59.
Grimsby boosted their League Two play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Mansfield.
Somalia's new President Mohamed Farmajo has accused al-Shabab militants of plotting to kill him.
JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) in the wake of the Brexit vote.
More than 1,000 domestic workers in Hong Kong have taken part in a protest against the government's crackdown on immigration.
Eoin Morgan scored a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw in the League One play-off semi-final.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s head coach Sean O'Driscoll as their new manager.
US President Donald Trump has banned Syrian nationals from entering the country.
The police response to the 2011 riots in London was flawed and could have been avoided, MPs have said.
The world's biggest social media marketing conference has been taking place in London.
Voters in the UK are going to the polls to decide whether or not the country should stay in or leave the European Union.
A man who hid £237,000 in cash in his wife's car boot has been jailed for helping her hide it.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most notorious pests in the UK.
Rents on beach huts in Poole are to rise by more than 10% over the next three years, a council has announced.
A barge that ran aground off the coast of Norway on Wednesday has been towed away by strong winds, the Norwegian coastguard says.
Easter is one of the most important occasions of the year for many British families.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool have been rejected by the city council.
US President Barack Obama has said the White House will hold individuals accountable for the bombing of a hospital in Afghanistan last month.
Britain's Rachel Shuker won the British Open women's wheelchair mixed doubles title on Sunday.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's long-running conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and move up to second in Super League.
Hibernian moved up to second in the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Celtic midfielder Ryan Wilson on a two-year deal.
"When I first arrived in India, I had no idea that I would become an Indian citizen," says Rangoon Sarlan.
More than two-thirds of people in relationships are living in "distressed" relationships, a study suggests.
The Scottish government has been warned it faces an " uphill battle" to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology in the UK.
The European Space Agency (GSA) has launched its Galileo satellite navigation system.
The sister of a girl who went missing 20 years ago has said she is "filled with grief" after her body was found in a canal.
The PSNI has removed a Facebook post in which a man's name appeared on a list of people who have been shot in west Belfast.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he is "desperate" to leave the League One club by the end of the season.
Gareth Bale says Wales' Euro 2016 qualifying campaign would be "an amazing thing" if they can beat Israel on Sunday.
The Chinese language is being taught in schools across the UK, according to BBC News NI's Nel Khan.
There is a "lot of scope" for getting it wrong with sepsis, a leading medical expert has warned.
A wildlife charity has won a judicial review into a decision to stop work on a cycle track in Derby.
Plans for a new hospital in Somerset have been approved by the Public Health Agency (PCT).
More than 80 Commonwealth leaders have signed a letter to David Cameron criticising his EU renegotiation, calling it an opportunity to rediscover Britain's global vocation.
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper has said she is "worried" about Jeremy Corbyn's future.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced.
People in North East Scotland have been sharing their images of lenticular clouds and rainbow reflections.
Watford Football Club has announced plans to erect a statue in memory of former manager Paul Taylor.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them a place in the Challenge Cup final against Exeter Chiefs.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored twice as Grimsby came from behind to draw with Barnet.
Sunderland have signed Newell's striker Juan Scocco on a season-long loan deal.
It's now a reality for everyone in the EU.
Chennai's first metro has been launched in the southern Indian city of Tamil Nadu, the first of its kind in the country.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in south Armagh, County Tyrone.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been named in the squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan, but has been left out of the squad.
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan by eight wickets in the first one-day international of the season.
A US astronaut is set to break a record for the longest single spacewalk in space.
A red kite has been found shot in the head in North Yorkshire.
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to smuggle drugs into the UK via the dark web marketplace Silk Road.
Johnny Sexton and Brian O'Driscoll return to the Ireland team for Sunday's Six Nations match against New Zealand.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, helped by a rise in the value of the euro.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the most influential women in British politics.
The US has condemned Russia's decision to send missiles to Syria in response to the country's chemical weapons attack.
Banksy has denied rumours that he is trolling visitors to his theme park on Weston-super-Mare's seafront.
Ed Miliband has said he will never give up on fighting for the Britain that he believes in after Labour's general election defeat.
Four cats have died in the last seven days after ingesting antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs and Saracens have warned that the introduction of concussion assessments could set a dangerous precedent.
Singapore's environment council has asked some of the country's biggest retailers to remove products blamed for the haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has said he is "fighting with his spirit, his vision, his love" after the death of President Hugo Chavez.
The US Supreme Court has begun a two-and-a-half-hour hearing to consider whether gay and lesbian couples can legally marry in the US.
England are in a "confident spirits" mood ahead of their World Cup qualifier against Italy on Saturday, according to a new report.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been elected London mayor.
A woman has said she is "speechless" after jewellery worth £10,000 was stolen from her husband's home.
Rule The World has become the first horse since the 19th century to win the Grand National at Aintree.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking children on term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton says Formula 1 governing body will have "no option" but to impose a 'halo' device on all cars following the death of John Surtees.
A new project to assess the impact of climate change on Welsh islands has been launched.
We want to hear what you have to say about the BBC.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England captain Paul Dunn as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
Pernod Ricard, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported a 10% fall in sales in the first three months of the year.
News Corp, the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, has reported a loss for the first quarter of the year.
China's state-run media have taken to the front pages in response to the UN tribunal's decision to annul the tribunal's ruling on the South China Sea.
A premature baby who died after being removed from a ventilator at a hospital should have been given earlier medical care, a coroner has said.
A cancer charity has raised more than £100,000 for a campaign to protect children from the sun.
A World Cup conman has been ordered to pay back £590 and £220 to two victims who were duped out of thousands of pounds.
A two-year-old boy has been found dead at a house in south London.
A student jailed for hanging from the bonnet of a Jaguar at the Cenotaph during the August riots was "unduly harsh", a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete has been jailed for life.
At least 25 people have been killed in a series of attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria is to impose daily quotas on the number of refugees it accepts, in a bid to cope with the migrant crisis.
David Beckham's Miami Beckham United team has submitted a bid to build a Major League Soccer franchise in the city.
Actress Helen Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock, who later threatened to ruin her career.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates are treating a severely obese woman who has been on a special diet to reduce her weight.
Buckingham Palace have said they are "disappointed" by the release of a Nazi salute video from the Queen's private collection.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at Silverstone.
Last winter's floods were the most extreme on record, according to a new appraisal.
Labour is facing a serious challenge from UKIP in the local elections.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic was beaten in five sets by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals were dealt a blow as they were bowled out for 162 by Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor will miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's 2-1 win over Sunderland.
The final report of the Advisory Committee on Drugs and Crime (ACMD) into the introduction of new psychoactive substances in England and Wales has been published.
At least 31 people have been arrested in Morocco after clashes between fans and security forces at a football match on Saturday.
As Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe delivers his annual Heroes' Day address in the capital, Harare, the BBC's Victoria Falls looks at the challenges facing his country.
Rangers striker Scott Windass has scored his first goals for the club since returning to Accrington Stanley.
A New Zealand company has successfully launched a rocket into space.
NHS hospitals in Scotland have seen a sharp rise in the amount they pay consultants for extra work, according to a BBC investigation.
Rugby can be a dangerous sport, but it can also be a fun sport.
At least three people have been killed in Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano, officials say.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of failing a drugs test by Uefa.
The general election campaign is getting under way in Wales.
Every child in Scotland should have basic rights to food, the children's commissioner for Scotland has said.
A teenager who took her own life after not being seen by specialist mental health services was "failed by the system", an inquest has heard.
Drivers caught travelling at more than 10% above the speed limit should not be penalised, a report has said.
US military police are investigating a pillow fight at West Point, New York, in which scores of cadets were injured.
Brazil's Human Rights and Minority Commission has been rocked by a series of controversial comments about homosexuality and people of African descent.
The Batmobile, the car used by Batman in the 1960s TV series, has been sold at auction for $1.
The Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled plans to make it harder for migrants to stay in the UK.
In a packed auditorium in the centre of Paris on Saturday, a young woman from Poland spoke out against Europe's policies on the economy.
Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 win over qualifier Sean O'Brien.
The funeral of a former Barnsley goalkeeper has taken place.
The UK's only member-owned energy supplier has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable levels of service".
Lewis Hamilton's hopes of winning the World Championship suffered a blow as he was knocked out of the front row by Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A man has denied killing a man who was found dead in a street in Carlisle.
Mario Balotelli has signed a new contract with Manchester City.
Shares in Volkswagen have fallen sharply after the German carmaker was ordered to recall millions of diesel cars in the US.
Scotland Under-21 midfielder Alex Samson has signed a new two-year contract with St Mirren.
Britain's Andy Murray and his girlfriend Kim Jong-un have announced that they are expecting their first child.
Toulon have offered to play Super Rugby in the French Premiership for the next two seasons.
A time capsule believed to date back to the early 1800s has been uncovered during work to replace a bridge.
Virtual reality has been showing off at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A Chinese woman who claimed she was "divorced because of her fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said President-elect Donald Trump's plan to move the US embassy to Jerusalem "will not help peace".
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with hare coursing in Dalkeith, County Antrim.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction has been announced.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Cabinet minister Chris Huhne should not have been given a pass to the Houses of Parliament, a Labour MP has said.
A nuclear submarine was contaminated with radioactive material at Devonport Royal Dockyard last year, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing seven boys in Nottinghamshire.
Microsoft has launched a new version of its Minecraft education service.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill says he is "happy to stay on" as manager of the country.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for players before the transfer window closes.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said he would like the EU referendum to be held as early as possible.
The European Council president has said he will not start parallel talks on the divorce bill until after the UK leaves the EU.
Three teenagers and a 15-year-old boy have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a former pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
More than 1,000 bespoke essay writing sites are offering students bespoke papers in return for payment, the BBC has learned.
A cousin of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group sent a photo of a police officer walking away from a car park, a court has heard.
Plans for a wind farm near Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire links course have been approved by the Scottish government.
Is the Iraqi city of Mosul being overrun by Islamic State (IS) forces?
Mame Diouf scored a late winner as Stoke came from behind to beat Premier League leaders Chelsea.
A man and a woman have been charged with the murder of a man at a Dorset park.
The first acts have been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in North Lanarkshire.
More than 100 branches are to close in Scotland within the next year, according to a new report.
The UK government has proposed new rules to protect the country's "too big to fail" banks.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry has been named by police.
Chinese shares traded higher on Monday after the country's trade data showed exports fell more than expected in March.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced a ban on the exchange of old Rs 500 and 1,000 rupee notes.
Police have released CCTV images of a cyclist they want to trace in connection with a sexual assault in Bournemouth.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have clashed in the run-up to their heavyweight title fight.
Two climbers who went missing while climbing a mountain in France have been found safe and well.
If you're driving a car, you might want to think again.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in northern Spain.
Kent director of cricket David Kennedy has left the club after two years in charge.
An Indian MP has been banned from all flights operated by the country's biggest airlines after he attacked an airline employee.
More than 100 people have been killed in a gun attack in the French city of Marseille.
Boris Johnson's relationship with US President Donald Trump has been one of the most volatile in recent years.
Obese teenagers are twice as likely to develop a bowel tumour as those who are overweight, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said the party is in danger of "not asking the right questions" in government.
A 16th Century public toilet has been restored to its former glory after it was closed to the public for more than a century.
Hassan Rouhani is Iran's new President.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father Chris would have been "delighted" to have led him to where he is now.
Urgent care units at three hospitals have been closed overnight to deal with a "very high demand" in day-time admissions.
When Vladimir Putin was elected president of Russia in 2012, he was described as a "force to be reckoned with".
The average commute to and from work in London has fallen for the first time in five years, according to a study by the TUC.
All pets found on the roads in Wales should have their microchips scanned, campaigners have said.
The "digital revolution" is making a difference in the lives of young people.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is close to signing a new contract with the Premier League champions.
One of the UK's biggest retailers, Brantano, has gone into administration.
A man has admitted killing his parents in County Antrim.
Borussia Dortmund were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final in Berlin.
A council has been told it cannot publish a report into the death of a teenager who took her own life.
Google has released a new version of its Android operating system in time for the launch of a range of new smartphones this summer.
The Berlin Philharmonic has failed to reach a deal with its board to appoint a new chief conductor.
St Peter's of Londonderry will face St Mary's of St Patrick's Day in the MacRory Cup final after a 2-14 to 1-11 semi-final win on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Barnet boss Paul Waddock as their new manager.
The big six energy suppliers have announced plans to introduce a cap on the amount of energy they charge.
The 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro will be one of the biggest sporting events in the world.
A man has been placed in an induced coma in hospital after being stabbed in the groin.
Argentine voters have narrowly rejected a second-round bid to elect a new president, in a run-off vote widely seen as a referendum on the country's future.
UKIP is on course to become the biggest party in Wales and Scotland, leader Nigel Farage has said.
Jersey's airport has unveiled plans to demolish its main terminal.
League Two side AFC Wimbledon have signed Charlton Athletic striker Ryan McDiarmid on a two-year deal.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol have been given the go-ahead.
Colombian security forces have seized a number of huts in the capital, Bogota, in the search for a notorious drug lord.
A dog has been rescued from a sinkhole at a golf course in Aberdeenshire.
Tesco has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profits after taking a charge related to its accounting scandal.
Stags have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Ryan Oliver on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A Polish journalist has been ordered to leave Russia within 30 days by the Russian authorities.
The UN has accused the Venezuelan security forces of firing tear gas and buckshot without warning during anti-government protests in April.
Three of the world's most capable Earth observation satellites have been released in a series of new pictures.
A World War Two veteran who was shot in the shoulder during the Normandy landings has been awarded France's highest military honour.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed striker James O'Shea on a two-year deal.
A top-down reorganisation of Welsh local government is not an option, the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
Exeter fly-half George North has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to a charge of violent conduct.
Iran has banned the use of messaging app Telegram for the first time.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie has signed a new racing team to compete in the America's Cup.
Photographs can be used to sign on to a device, according to Microsoft.
A man has died after being attacked outside a bar in Grimsby.
China has condemned Japan's controversial new security laws, saying they violate the country's pacifist constitution.
Rafael Benitez's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in a goalless draw as Fernando Ramires' goal gave Southampton victory at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's one-day series against Sri Lanka in June with a knee injury.
A new species of dinosaur has been discovered in a museum collection in Dorset.
Scotland's Laura Archibald won gold in the women's individual pursuit at the European Track Cycling Championships in Amsterdam.
The number of Scottish League Two matches attended by more than four million people in the first half of the season has risen.
Alexandra Palace's theatre and studios are to be refurbished as part of a £30m project to transform the historic building into a cultural destination.
A sinkhole has opened up on the golf course at Stonehenge in the south-east of England.
A "significant proportion" of applications to register to vote in the general election are likely to have been duplicates, the electoral watchdog has said.
Worcester Flyers have clinched the WBBL Play-offs for the first time in their history after beating Force in the semi-finals.
Ospreys' European Champions Cup hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Racing 92 in Treviso.
A six-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer has been sent more than 11,000 Christmas cards from well-wishers.
Fifa has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the latest official figures showed the UK economy grew faster than expected in the third quarter.
A Dundee woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock for the first time.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has appointed Ventura as his successor as Italy coach.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she will never let her son go.
Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Nicolas Atangana on a two-year deal.
Middlesex batsman Tom Compton says he is "not far off cementing his place" in the England side for the first Test against Sri Lanka.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in Australia charged with the murder of a young Australian man.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to wake up in the middle of the night to find your best friend waiting for you?
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the World Cup with a knee injury.
The World Cup was the most popular search term of the year for Google users in 2014, with questions like "Who is Banksy?"
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Cattle says his side's performance in their European Champions Cup win over Mennaye was "disjointed".
A woman with a rare form of paralysis has met her fiancee.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a re-evaluation of all contacts with the United Nations after the UN voted to condemn Israeli settlements.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the constitution by disqualifying former President Antonis Paksas from running for election in 2004.
Arsenal maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a comfortable win over Watford.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of Wales on Monday.
The number of miscarriages that take place in the first three months of pregnancy has risen by more than a third in the past five years.
Cerberus, the US fund behind the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, has claimed it could gain access to the Northern Ireland Executive.
Ayr United moved up to second in the Scottish Championship with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Scotland's former first minister Jack McConnell has been pictured falling down a drain in Malawi.
The death of an inmate at Elmley prison is to be investigated by the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman.
A man who fooled prison staff into thinking he was a court clerk has been jailed for three years.
Two senior police officers have been paid more than £51,000 in pension payments, the auditor general has said.
A driver caught speeding at 51mph on a motorway has been banned from driving for life.
The UK has a population of 63.7 million, but just over half of those are non-British.
Former EastEnders star Helen Mirren has died.
Virtual reality (VR) is a form of virtual reality that allows people to interact with the world around them.
University students in Wales are more satisfied with their university experience than ever before, according to a survey.
Thousands of people are expected to attend the Cologne carnival in the wake of sexual assaults on women in the city on New Year's Eve.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly have been invited to speak to the BBC about their expenses.
A black woman has said she was refused entry to a nightclub because of her skin colour.
Young people in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find stability, according to a new study.
Three "musketeers" who tackled a burglar and arrested him have been described as "heroes" by police.
EU migrants living in London should be eligible for a visa to stay in the UK after Brexit, a report says.
Derby County captain Michael Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay.
A refurbished Translink train which was suspended on the Belfast to Dublin route has been returned to service.
Indonesia's Muslim clerics have issued a fatwa calling for a ban on underage marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the country's national team to boycott the 2018 World Series.
Boris Johnson has said the UK could pay the European Union to maintain access to the single market.
The Rock am Ring music festival in Germany has been cancelled, organisers have said.
India's parliament has passed a bill to toughen the punishment for juvenile offenders who commit serious crimes, including murders and rapes.
Four people have appeared in court charged with disposing or concealing the body parts of missing 15-year-old Becky Watts.
The mother of a teenager who was pulled off an EasyJet flight because he was not allocated a seat has called for an overhaul of the airline's flight booking system.
A charity head has paid tribute to a woman who campaigned for a vaccine against polio 50 years ago.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
A former coal spoil tip in Gedling National Park has been declared a "dangerous site" by a council.
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to enforce the law during loyalist protests in 2012.
Labour and the Conservatives have clashed over their spending plans in the Autumn Statement.
A man has been arrested after a man was hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death at a housing hostel in Newport have called on the government to publish a report into the system.
Somerset's County Championship match against Lancashire has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than 1.8 million pupils in England's secondary schools are under-performing, according to official results.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes is taking legal action against the council.
The US Department of Defence has announced plans to recall more than 4,000 civilian employees as part of a government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies should be sold for meat, according to a conservation group.
Latam airlines have suspended flights to Venezuela because of the country's currency controls.
Five men have been charged with causing the deaths of four teenagers in a crash in Wakefield.
A member of the Pink Panther jewellery gang has been arrested in Barcelona on suspicion of carrying out an armed robbery of a jewellery shop.
Rochdale's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 3-2 by Scunthorpe.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on whether to tender for a contract to repair the council's roads and bridges.
Radhika Menon is the Indian Merchant Navy's first female captain.
England's final-day defeat by India in the final Test in Chennai was one of the most devastating in the history of cricket.
Do you think that bullies should be helped?
Surrey captain Mark Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Cameroon reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a comfortable win over Germany.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carriers will be protected in Portsmouth as part of a £1bn defence review, the defence secretary has said.
Siemens Mobility has been awarded a contract to manufacture trains for the HS2 high-speed rail line from Birmingham to Crewe.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Labour MP Harriet Harman has said that if the UK voted to leave the European Union, women's rights would be in jeopardy.
A woman has admitted biting her partner's ear after she fell out with him while drinking in Aberdeen.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after two teenagers were killed in a crash in Monmouthshire.
England have named five uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The woolly mammoth may have been the last refuge of modern species on the brink of extinction.
Sir John Johnson, the actor best known for his roles in Deadlier Than the Male and Some Girls Do, has died at the age of 89.
A woman has been raped in Glasgow city centre.
The names of soldiers who trained in Wiltshire during World War One have been inscribed on the walls of trenches and tunnels.
A mosaic has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing campaign.
Restaurants in a Kent town are to be banned from opening fast food restaurants within 400m of a school.
Lego has ended its promotional relationship with the Daily Mail, following a campaign by a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate.
A new chemical could be used to combat latent HIV, a study suggests.
A man with Asperger's syndrome tried to order 500mg of ricin on the black market, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the general election, promising to create a "well, well-educated and wealthier Wales".
Harlow has celebrated its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says he is in talks with four or five international players to join the club next season.
Greece captain Panos Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup.
Jack Baird's last-minute winner gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A'mad scientist' has become the first person in the world to perform a stunt like this.
Thousands of people have attended a rally in Glasgow calling for the closure of two steel plants in Motherwell and Cambuslang.
YouTube vloggers have been told to make sure their videos are not labelled as adverts.
The family of a 12-year-old boy who was removed from mainstream schooling because he was not coping with being isolated have been told that an extra classroom assistant has been employed at a special school.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and the opposition have signed a deal aimed at restoring peace and political stability to the country.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Laurent Sanguinetti looks at Australia's political landscape.
A major police investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has uncovered evidence of "systemic, serious sexual and physical abuse".
Police are investigating the death of a man at a hotel in Glasgow.
The British and Irish Lions have been without forwards Robbie North and George Henshaw for the rest of the tour of New Zealand.
Championship side Lech Paris St-Germain have signed Reading defender Tomas Rakels on a season-long loan deal.
Lana Del Rey isn't in a hurry.
Another spate of fatal shootings by police in the United States.
More needs to be done to tackle unregistered schools in England, inspectors say.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way on Wednesday, with Manchester City Women taking charge of the title race.
Slovenian number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the season.
A woman who was made redundant because she had a disabled child has been awarded £10,000 in damages.
This is the new, if temporary reality: cabinet ministers disagreeing totally with each other on the record, and in public.
Guy Martin will return to the Ulster Grand Prix for the first time since the death of Joey Dunlop in 2000.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has been "very positive" in the run-up to the end of the season, says chief executive Steve Raynor.
In the early hours of the morning, Katie Black was running her first gym.
WBA world featherweight champion Charles Dickens has signed a new contract with the WBA until the end of the 2018 season.
The Department of Foreign Affairs has said it has received fewer applications for a Certificate of Irish Heritage than expected.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire.
Britain's IBF welterweight champion Tony Parker was knocked out in the 10th round by Razvan Cojanu in New Zealand.
US President Donald Trump has reversed his stance on the Nato alliance, in a series of policy reversals.
Ricky McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the first time in his career with a thrilling victory in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
Scarlets scrum-half Rhys Williams has been suspended from the club after posting a photo on social media showing him dressed as a Nazi war criminal.
Vietnamese man Phuc Phuc has said he is "very grateful" to Facebook users who have been supportive of his decision to change his name.
Tesco has agreed to buy a 49% stake in the Giraffe restaurant chain.
A photojournalist who took hundreds of pictures of people in a taxi has said he was "really pleased" with the result.
At least 12 migrants have drowned after their boats sank off the coast of Turkey, the Turkish coastguard says.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal described his side's second-half display as "the law of Murphy".
The trading standards regime in England is as strong as its weakest link, according to a leading trade body.
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud at a charity in Cardiff.
Portsmouth owner Michael Eisner is interested in becoming the club's new manager, according to reports.
The deaths of two migrants in a tent in Greece are "unacceptable", aid groups say.
Scientists have recreated the skeleton of a stegosaur dinosaur 100 years after it was first described.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to defraud the company out of millions of dollars over emissions tests.
Infections with viruses and bacteria are the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat posed by foreign fighters travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake says he's looking forward to his return to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 has announced a new set of presenters for its 50th birthday.
Eight whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
For three weeks the Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen has been on the offensive.
When I first started working on BBC Radio 4's relationship drama Reaction Time, I thought it would be an easy job.
The maker of Irn Bru has announced it is to cut the sugar content of its soft drinks by more than 5g by the middle of this year.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep one of its most prominent shareholders on the board of the media firm Gawker Media, despite a long-running dispute.
The Museum of London is trying to rebuild a robot that disappeared in the 1930s.
In the early hours of this morning, El Salvador's national police issued a warning that Mexican drug cartels were moving into the country.
Great Britain's winter sports are to receive more funding than their summer counterparts, UK Sport has announced.
Manchester Storm moved to within a point of the Elite League play-off places with a 2-1 win over Manchester Storm.
A former MP has called for a change in the law to allow police to decide whether to prosecute cases involving cyclists.
A woman arrested on suspicion of preventing the burial of murdered children's killer Jimmy Brady should not be charged, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
Portsmouth were held to a draw by 10-man Carlisle in League Two.
Scientists have measured the shape of the electron.
MPs should not be allowed to refer to proceedings in Parliament "save in the most exceptional of circumstances", the government's senior law officer has said.
A man who was left with life-changing injuries after falling through the roof of a college has lost a legal bid to recover damages.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish suffered a crash.
A parking company has been criticised for changing the timestamps of cars parked in a car park where a woman was still in bed.
Plans for improvements to a major road in Glasgow have been unveiled after a public consultation.
A new song has been released in South Africa in a bid to unite the country in the wake of the recent attacks on foreigners.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a week of drama for the Welsh government.
The BBC Trust has defended its decision to appoint David Packham as its new editor, saying it was clear he had been expressing his views as an individual.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-3 to win the best-of-seven World Series and move into the best part of a historic first-round tie.
Former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell has launched a fundraising campaign to save her life from terminal lung cancer.
Leonardo Ulloa's late goal earned Leicester a vital point against West Ham at the King Power Stadium.
China is one of the world's most technologically advanced countries.
The Queen's 90th birthday celebrations are to be celebrated with a street party in honour of the Queen.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A robot that takes a tumble has been developed by a US university.
The deputy mayor of Calais has said that ID cards should be reintroduced in the UK.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club's captain to discuss his future.
The US and Swiss authorities are investigating corruption at world football's governing body Fifa, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland will leave the role at the end of the season to take up the role of New Zealand head coach, says former Wales scrum-half Jonathan Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has accused former FBI director James Comey of being a "leaker".
Leeds MP George Galloway has been accused of making false statements about his party's candidate in the Bradford by-election.
A road which was closed for more than a year after a landslide has been reopened by Dumfries and Galloway Council.
A video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been released at the E3 gaming show in Las Vegas.
A man who raised money for a children's cancer charity has been jailed for eight months.
Australia has appointed Joe Hockey as its ambassador to the United States.
The Department for the Economy has submitted a plan to reduce the tariffs paid to people who got into the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 have said they have closed off a large number of theories about what happened to the boy.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic after carding a six-under-par 66.
Locks on a bridge have been removed because they are starting to rust.
Lewis Hamilton says he is ready to challenge Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg for the world title.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from a river in Aberdeenshire.
Police in the Australian city of Victoria have warned that a "creepy clown" craze in the US may be a "copycat" of incidents in the USA.
Durham Jets ended Leicestershire's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast with a seven-wicket win in Hove.
South Africa made a winning start to the second Test against India with a six-wicket win in the first Test.
The number of energy customers switching to a different tariff has reached a record high, according to new data.
Seven-year-olds are among the least physically active in the UK, a study suggests.
One of the most commonly prescribed drugs for osteoporosis has been linked to cracks in the bones of patients treated with it, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester have been left without power after recent flooding, the power company has said.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced that it is to stop paying for bus journeys with cash.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside for the first time in more than a decade.
Glasgow-based department store chain Marks and Spencer has announced plans to expand its operations in Scotland.
If you're planning to do a lot of exercise in the next few weeks, then you need a fitness tracker.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has apologised for the way the force handled the Hillsborough disaster 23 years ago.
The M4 has reopened following a series of crashes on the motorway in Birmingham.
An autonomous underwater vehicle has failed to find any wreckage in the search zone for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
Annan Athletic and Clyde both made it two wins from two in the Scottish League Two play-off semi-finals.
A lot of people in Scotland have voted to leave the European Union.
A former head of strings at Manchester's Royal Northern College of Music raped a student, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports surged in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied that a £39m deal to buy spruce and larch timber was lawful.
Councils in England face a £200bn shortfall over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
It has been a week of intense debate in Japan about what is acceptable and bad parenting.
My new role as Surrey director of cricket has been a rollercoaster ride.
Mo Farah is one of the world's most successful young athletes.
The new leader of the UK Independence Party, Raheem Kassam, has said he wants to sack him if he fails to deliver the party's manifesto.
A hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland will have to be re-introduced in the foreseeable future, Deputy First Minister Bertie Ahern has said.
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the start of the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead by a group of men on pedal cycles.
The Channel 4 News website has become one of the most controversial websites in the UK.
A leading separatist leader in Pakistan's Balochistan province has said he is prepared to talk to the Pakistani military.
David Cameron's team have decided to relent on their plan to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has announced plans to set up social media accounts in his prison cell.
A call has been made for boys in Wales to be vaccinated against a sexually transmitted disease.
A sippy cup manufacturer has said it has found a replacement for a boy who has been unable to drink from the mould.
Tom Cairney's late free-kick gave Fulham victory over Brentford at Griffin Park.
French Socialist Francois Ayrault has been appointed interior minister, the Elysee Palace has announced.
A man has been found "sleepwalking" outside his hotel in Manchester city centre.
The 2017 Winter Olympics start in Pyeongchang, South Korea on Friday.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Olufemi Akinfenwa has said he "should have known better" after being sent off against Le Havre.
US Congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty of a series of fraud and money laundering related to his son's student debt.
UK Sport has set a target of winning seven medals at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has proposed a new fiscal framework for the devolved economy.
Dayle Southwell scored twice as Wycombe Wanderers beat Stevenage to record their first win of the season.
A teenager who stabbed a 16-year-old boy to death at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Great Britain's men's and women's double sculls have reached the semi-finals of their respective boat classes at the European Championships in Stuttgart.
Venus Williams is being investigated by police in Florida over the death of a man who was hit by her car.
Chess boxing is gaining momentum in India.
A fund set up to save one of the world's most famous radio telescopes has raised enough money to keep it going until the end of the year.
Two Scottish Conservative MSPs have called for the UK to remain in the European Union.
A man has been fined after climbing on to the roof of a church in Edinburgh.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal to reinstate leadership elections to the shadow cabinet.
A police force is to classify misogyny as a hate crime.
An opinion poll for the BBC Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland has suggested that more than half of those who identify as Protestants want to stay in the UK.
An Iranian couple have left their home country of Cambodia to return to Myanmar, the Australian government has said.
A cafe where the body of murdered schoolgirl April Jones was found has been criticised for a "humorous" sign.
Hannah Choudary has been jailed for 20 years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A three-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£18bn) in bonds from investors in the US, the second highest amount the company has raised in three years.
A hospital trust that runs the Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother's hospital in Kent has been placed in special measures by inspectors.
China has accused US President-elect Donald Trump of violating the "One China" policy, accusing him of being "unwanted as a child".
A baby hatches centre in China has been temporarily closed to new babies because of overcrowding, officials say.
A man died after being pulled from the sea by the incoming tide, an inquest has heard.
What is the lock on a Labour government?
The family of a man who went on a hiking trip in Peru have contacted Interpol after he failed to return home.
Peruvian President Otto Humala has said he wants to eradicate poverty and social exclusion by the end of his term.
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor after falling into the sea.
A group of bikers have been banned from a pub in North Yorkshire, a solicitor has said.
Leeds Rhinos moved up to second in Super League with a comfortable victory over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Rory McAllister scored a hat-trick as Stenhousemuir extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to seven points with a 2-0 win at Livi.
A derelict shopping centre is to be demolished and rebuilt as part of a £1.5m redevelopment, a council has said.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 54 jobs.
The head of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in England and Wales, David McKelvie, has resigned from the inquiry.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a joint report recognising their shared beliefs.
A police force has been criticised for failing to act on concerns about the welfare of a baby girl who was killed by a dog.
England Women manager Mark Sampson has named four new players in his squad for the upcoming two friendlies against Norway and Sweden.
The UK is going to the polls to decide whether to stay or leave the European Union.
Morocco's interior minister has said the turnout in Sunday's presidential election was lower than expected.
Kevin Pietersen hit his highest Twenty20 score of the season as the Durban-based Dolphins beat the Wellington Knights in the Big Bash League.
Leaders of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn FÃ©in have threatened legal action against the prime minister over the UK leaving the European Union.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland has been going on for quite some time.
Plans for a water garden by French artist Claude Monet have been unearthed by the Royal Academy of Art (RA).
The owner of a firework factory destroyed in a "horrendous" explosion has said his business is "my life".
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the site of the Shoreham air disaster have been sacked.
Demarai Gray and Ahmed Musa scored twice as Leicester City thrashed Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup second round.
More needs to be done to improve the early warning system for sepsis in hospitals in Wales, the health secretary has said.
The widow of comedian Robin Williams is seeking items from his estate, including a tuxedo she wore to their 2011 wedding.
A man who used false birth registrations to claim tax credits and maternity grants has been jailed for three years.
British astronaut Luca Maestri has returned to the International Space Station.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK's arms trade with Saudi Arabia is not unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order slumped to a seven-wicket defeat by India A in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
Costa Cruises, the world's biggest cruise operator, has reported better-than-expected profits for the third quarter.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of marijuana over the counter.
A woman who lost her friend in a fire at a chemical plant has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Bristol residents have been using vinegar to try to rid the city of weeds.
Private sector companies would be "foolish not to help" the public sector in Oxfordshire, a business leader has said.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a concert in the Canadian city of Toronto.
Tobias Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to go top of the Bundesliga.
The UK will have the fastest broadband network in Europe by 2016, Transport Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to set up a national laboratory strategy to improve access to HIV testing, say researchers.
Goalkeeper Gemma Fay says qualifying for the Euro 2017 finals in the Netherlands will be the most special moment of her career.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Leinster secured their place in the European Champions Cup semi-finals with a comfortable victory at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "very much in favour" of scrapping the benefit cap, saying it is responsible for "social cleansing" in his constituency.
Employers should not be subject to "Stasi-style surveillance" at work, business leaders have said.
One of the world's biggest cheetahs has been shot dead in Botswana, in what conservationists have described as an "unprovoked attack".
Adult social care services for the frail and elderly are facing a further £1.1bn in cuts, according to a survey.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Michael McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he wants to sign two or three players before the transfer window closes in the summer.
Widnes Vikings full-back Chris Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
League One side Latics have signed Bournemouth midfielder James MacDonald on a season-long loan deal.
A health inspectorate has said it has identified 26 areas for improvement at a hospital in Dumfries and Galloway.
Southampton manager Eddie Friend has been ruled out of the rest of the season after collapsing against the dugout during the 2-2 draw with Bournemouth.
Belize, a former British crown colony, is one of the world's most northerly countries.
A woman has been cleared of sexually abusing a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for children with severe forms of epilepsy is being tested in Edinburgh.
West African countries have threatened to intervene militarily in The Gambia if President Yahya Jammeh refuses to step down.
It is not the kind of summer school you would expect to see in Belfast.
A Republic of Ireland TD has said he could not order RTÉ to report comments about his finances under privilege.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a two-year deal.
Royal Dutch Shell has reported a fall in profits for the first quarter of the year.
The closure of a major road in Cumbria after Storm Desmond has led to a "collapse" in bookings, a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory at Scunthorpe.
Emergency workers in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, are trying to reach the people who have been displaced by the devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "worried" about his whereabouts.
Jockey Helen Turner says she is proud of the hard work of female jockeys as she prepares to retire from racing.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains have been found in the search for an 80-year-old American treasure hunter.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Londonderry on Saturday.
How do you become a hammer thrower at the age of 17?
Transformers: The Force Awakens has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row.
A dog has been rescued from the sea off the Isle of Wight.
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south London has appealed for witnesses.
Thousands of international visitors have attended the 2015 Rugby World Cup in Newcastle.
Cardiff City's unbeaten start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been found homes at an animalarium in Denbighshire.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with a win over Mansfield.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice by helping to dispose of a man's body in a park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association's performance school coaching scheme is set to continue.
A Monet painting called Nympheas has sold for £31.7m at an auction in London.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell told me on Thursday that he was "not far away" from the Ryder Cup.
The UK's competition watchdog has accused Pfizer and Flynn Pharma of abusing their dominant position in a cancer drug market.
Zanzibar's football association has submitted an application to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Audi will not compete in the Formula E series in 2017 after withdrawing from the endurance race at Le Mans.
A burst water main has left homes in Bournemouth without water.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to pledge to restore the money Scottish families will lose from the Tory tax rise.
Bristol City midfielder Milutin Koscielic is a doubt for Friday's Championship game against Championship leaders Nottingham Forest.
Iraq's political parties have been vying for power since the 2003 US-led invasion.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for high winds across parts of the UK.
A treasure trove of gold coins has been discovered off the coast of Israel's coastal city of Caesarea.
Former world number one Mark Lindahl has been fined A$1,000 (Â£1,200) by a tennis court in Australia for attempting to fix a match.
It is not every day that a senior figure in the British Railways Board is paid £24,000 a year.
Schools in England are having to change their approach to teaching some of the key skills needed to succeed in higher education.
A three-month-old girl has been taken to hospital after being found abandoned in a street in Tallaght, County Tyrone.
A Singapore couple's coffin-themed wedding photo shoot has gone viral on social media.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's late equaliser earned Birmingham a point at Huddersfield.
Downton Abbey star Olivia Johnston is to star in the fifth series of the ITV drama.
Oil prices have fallen to their lowest level in more than a decade, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).
Wolfsburg striker Christian Bendtner has been fined for failing to turn up to training in a Volkswagen.
A World War Two teleprinter used to encrypt messages in German has been found in a shed in Southend.
Wales and India are to celebrate the UK-India Year of Culture 2017 with a series of projects.
A chain of academies in Yorkshire and Humber has been rated "inadequate" by the education watchdog.
Leicester City have signed former Napoli defender Sylvain Reveillere on a two-year deal.
Russia's security services have proposed blocking access to the country's state property registry, in a move seen as a crackdown on corruption.
Nato and Russia have "profound and persistent differences" over the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the Nato-Russia Council has said.
The Scottish Prison Service is to install mobile phone technology in a number of Scottish prisons, Justice Secretary John MacAskill has said.
More than 10,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the US state of Louisiana after severe flooding.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, calling it "barbaric".
Plans for a new golf course in East Sutherland have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Google is to invest £1bn in its new headquarters in London, the company has announced.
A prehistoric alcove at Amesbury has been described as a "modern bungalow".
A chronology of key events:1 January -
Christian Benteke is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season.
The family of a 90-year-old woman who travelled to Australia to live with them have said they have not been able to apply for a new visitor visa.
A shoe shop in County Tyrone has been flooded for the second time in as many days.
A task force set up to tackle job losses and the refugee crisis is to meet in Fraserburgh next month.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
A newborn baby has been found dead at a bus stop.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Professional Football League will create as much tension in the Championship as there was last season, according to the club's director of football Steve Doncaster.
Universities in Wales face a 40% cut in funding because there is not enough money to fund them, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Ruben Luzon says he is not worried about his side's relegation from the Championship.
The Chinese government is "treating foreign companies the way they've treated their own for many years", according to the BBC's Mark McGregor.
Wales celebrated their first win of the season with a celebratory video tribute to the players who helped them to victory over England in the FA Cup.
More than half of working families in England would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, Shelter has said.
The number of people using contactless payments has more than doubled in the past seven years, according to the industry.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Falluja could face the "toughest fighting" of their campaign, a military spokesman has said.
Isabelle Linden scored the only goal of the game as Birmingham City Ladies came from behind to draw at Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
UK inflation fell to its lowest level for almost two years in January, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Liam Davies and Hannah Hermitage both won world records on the final day of the European Championships in Rome.
The Scottish government has said it is making significant improvements to the A9 at Berriedale Braes.
Sheffield Wednesday manager Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" signing Yids Yiadom until the player's future is resolved.
The Welsh government has been accused of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on a "stupid poster campaign" to promote the Metro project.
Rory Best will make his first start for Ireland in the Six Nations match against Scotland on Saturday.
MPs have clashed over the BBC's lack of investment in the Midlands.
Astronomers have discovered the most distant object in the Solar System.
If you want to buy a bouquet of roses from the European Union, don't do it.
England's stunning victory over New Zealand in the first Test has been hailed as one of the greatest wins in the history of the game.
An artificial intelligence (AI) research project has raised $1bn (Â£1.5bn) in funding, according to its website.
Scotland opened their Six Nations campaign with a comfortable victory over Georgia at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the Premiership club at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting in the general election has risen dramatically, according to a new survey.
Sir Neville Chamberlain, the founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, has died at the age of 94.
It was the story of a lifetime, a story of triumph, a tale of redemption, of redemption.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
The Irish government has banned the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland.
Burnley manager Mark Hughes says he would consider signing Giannelli Imbula from Porto.
A man has died after his car crashed into a lorry in Kent.
A body has been found in the sea off the coast of Cornwall, police have said.
Singer-songwriter Alex Crossan has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016.
There was a sense of relief at the end of the night at the Likud party gathering in Tel Aviv.
The average daily commute to and from work has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Barra Airport is one of the world's most scenic airports.
A new pedestrian crossing is to be built in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tributes have been paid to two people who were killed in the Manchester Arena bombing.
Plans for a Garden Bridge in south London have been approved after a deal was reached.
A collection of sculptures inspired by the work of Dame Zaha Hadid has gone on display at Chatsworth Gardens.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a mass murder in London on Remembrance Sunday.
In 2016 it was a year of mourning for the arts in Northern Ireland.
Tate Modern's director Nicholas Serota has announced he is to leave the institution at the end of the year.
The summer transfer window has closed in England and the Scottish Premiership.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking restrictions at Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has said he is optimistic that a deal will be reached on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
Sister Nirmala, the former head of the Missionaries of Charity in the West Bengal state of West Bengal, has died at the age of 88.
Women's Super League One side Durham United have signed goalkeeper Charlotte Laws on a two-year deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has never called for a veto on a Brexit deal.
The Co-operative Bank has said it is in advanced talks with a group of existing investors on a recapitalisation plan.
When we arrived in the Afghan capital, Kabul, we were greeted by a man named Popal.
A railway line between Oxford and Didcot has reopened after being closed due to flooding.
A dog born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
A letter written by John Lennon is to be auctioned later this month.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Stevenson looks at the potential for a split in the Conservative Party.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 500th anniversary of its sealing.
Former Scotland captain Darren Wilson says the captaincy of Wednesday's friendly against England will be "the biggest honour you can receive in football".
A rescue boat has been taken to the Greek island of Lesbos to help the rescuers dealing with the migrant crisis.
Police in the US city of Ferguson have fired tear gas at a crowd of protesters protesting against a five-hour curfew.
Brazil is one of the world's most heavily forested countries.
New Pro12 teams will be "brutal" when they travel to South Africa for the first time, says former Wales head coach Bill Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced that he has nationalised a power company.
Yum Brands, the parent company of KFC, has reported better-than-expected sales in China.
Residents of the Sheerwater regeneration estate in Woking are to be asked to give their views on the scheme.
Workers have been evacuated from a coal mine in Aberdeenshire after a vessel caught fire.
Black voters in Ferguson, Missouri, have voted to elect a black mayor for the first time in the city's history.
Trade union leaders have called for a "winter of discontent" in response to government cuts to public services.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins won the men's road time trial gold medal at the Road World Championships.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Hathaway looks at how fast Asia is growing.
Two men have been charged in Australia with plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney.
A council leader has said he has "to take some responsibility" for what happened to a council's £10.25m loan to a football club.
Millennials born in the early 1980s are likely to struggle to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age, a think tank has warned.
A Star Wars-themed collection of photographs has been created using the Firth of Forth for the first time.
Indian Wells tournament director Ray Moore has resigned after calling for more prize money for men and women.
Richard Cockerill has left his role as Leicester Tigers head coach by mutual consent.
A US appeals court has ordered the trial of former New York Mayor Hank Greenberg and his former chief financial officer on fraud charges.
Tyrone Trescothick's double century helped Nottinghamshire take control against Somerset at Trent Bridge.
A Newport turkey processing company has been fined £250,000 after it was found to be operating in "unhygienic conditions".
A police officer has been honoured for his bravery after rescuing a 21-year-old man who fell from a fire escape.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will find a solution to the US emissions scandal.
Ollie Norburn's late winner earned Macclesfield a 3-2 win at Chester.
Sri Lanka's cricket authorities have launched an anti-corruption investigation after two players turned down an offer to play in a World Twenty20 match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for the first time in his career.
Premier League matches will be shown live on Sky Sports for the first time this season.
The Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) and his Fianna Fáil counterpart have failed to reach an agreement on the future of water charges.
Blackburn Rovers have signed striker James Mackie on a two-year deal after he rejected a new contract with the Championship club.
A baby albino deer has been born in Australia.
A family of 12 from Luton have gone missing from a holiday in Syria, police have said.
Plans for a gondola line linking Cardiff Bay and the city centre have been drawn up by the Cardiff City Council (CBC).
The PSNI has lost an appeal against a High Court ruling that it should pay compensation to a man who was wrongly accused of being a police informer.
US President Donald Trump has said his predecessor Barack Obama "choked" when it came to alleged Russian meddling in the election.
A football club has been criticised after a "horrible scraping noise" was heard coming from its ground.
Two newspapers in the Turkish capital, Istanbul, have been attacked by gunmen in the early hours of Thursday.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who was arrested for refusing to stop filming a council meeting has had her defamation case against the authority dropped.
A man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of stealing watches from an Emirates mid-air flight.
The leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party has said his mandate will be to reform the European Union and its project.
A man who was deported from the UK because his parents had been married to one another has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation.
A financial services boss who avoided paying the full fare on a London-bound train has been fined £450 by the City watchdog.
David Cameron has a "domestic and international duty" to tackle corruption during his visit to Moscow, five former foreign secretaries have said.
Jake Cassidy scored twice as Hartlepool came from behind to draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not redesign its Arak nuclear reactor until the lifting of crippling sanctions, the country's energy minister has said.
It is 70 years since the death of Private John Parr, the youngest soldier to die fighting in World War One.
David Haye says he will take "whatever punishment I need to" after being warned by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) over comments he made about Tony Bellew.
The sale of BHS, the department store chain owned by Sir Philip Green, is set to be completed by the end of the week.
South African steelworkers have begun a two-day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Two Americans and a Briton have been awarded France's highest military honour for their bravery in the fight against a gunman on a train.
A major road closure in the Borders is to be carried out to improve flood protection.
A bid to form a combined authority for the Isle of Wight has been rejected by three councils, the government has said.
Burnley have signed Middlesbrough striker Vincent de Roon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A carriage that transported Prime Minister David Cameron's coffin from London to Oxfordshire has been restored to its former glory.
The chief medical officer of London's Royal Victoria Hospital has said he is "appalled" by the number of patients suffering from the flu.
Ikea has recalled a beach chair after five reports of injuries to fingers.
India's banks have begun using indelible ink to stop people from voting more than once in elections.
Former American football star Jessica Chastain has donated her brain to research into the effects of concussion.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into their flat in Fairlie, Strathclyde.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25.
Nigeria Aluko scored a late winner as Hull City came from behind to beat Nottingham Forest and go top of the Championship.
Scientists have developed stem cells that can treat type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew was sent off as his side were beaten by Watford in the Premier League.
Lewie Stevenson says Hibernian have a squad capable of winning the Scottish Cup for a few more years.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Laura Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Pakistan has ordered the release of an Afghan woman who was dubbed the "Afghan girl" because of her fake identity.
It has been described as one of the most exciting inventions of the 20th Century.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been unveiled by Oxfordshire County Council.
Newcastle United have signed Dutch full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a two-year deal.
Police are searching for a 14-year-old girl who has been missing for more than a week.
A 16-year-old girl who went missing from Teesside has been found safe and well.
A vicar has said the Church of England is "institutionalally homophobic" and promotes policies which are discriminatory against LGBTI people.
Leigh Griffiths says he is "a bit rusty" as he prepares to start for Scotland in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen have signed right-back Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on a season-long loan deal.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 4-2 in the first game of their Elite League double-header.
On Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, there is a palpable sense of optimism about the city's future.
A Catholic priest who died in prison in Albania in 1949 has been declared a saint by Pope Francis.
The Tate Modern has opened a retrospective of the work of Henri Matisse, which has been described as "a masterpiece" by critics.
A father has denied killing his baby son by shaking or throwing him.
A BBC journalist was suspended from her job because of her relationship with a footballer, a disciplinary tribunal has heard.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who tried to stop people from blocking the view of others at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager after just six games in charge.
A care home for the elderly in Ceredigion is to close with the loss of 33 jobs, the county council has said.
The US space agency's Juno probe has captured the first clear images of Jupiter.
"There is no such thing as a clear cut."
A biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire engineering firm has published details of how £2.3m of donations went to the failed Zano prototype project.
Malaysian police say they have foiled a plot by Islamic State (IS) militants to attack a bar in the capital, Kuala Lumpur.
The search for the next leader of the United Nations is under way in New York.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in an anti-terrorism operation.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) officer has said he was "surprised" to find his medals had been stolen from his car.
The 21st winning title in the Irish language, Out Stealing Horses, has been announced by Dublin city librarians.
A Leicestershire museum has been put at risk by a lack of funding.
Jack Walcott's late equaliser gave Manchester United victory over Arsenal at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side's collapse in Bangladesh showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions.
It's 30 years since the Zeebrugge ferry capsized off the coast of Dover.
A group of volunteers in Northern Ireland are helping to save the lives of juvenile bats.
A man has been stabbed in a "serious assault" on a train in south London.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
Three pupils at Londonderry School have left the school after cannabis was found on their property.
Queens Park Rangers made it two wins from two in the Championship with a comfortable victory over Leeds United.
Five police officers have appeared in court charged with misconduct over allegations that their helicopter was used for inappropriate filming.
Microsoft has unveiled a new video game console called Xbox SmartGlass that can be linked to smartphones and tablets.
The Scottish Premier League season gets under way on Sunday.
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport have been suspended after a drone was spotted near the airport's runway.
Bahraini human rights activist Abdulhadi Rajab has been released from prison after serving more than 600 days.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to nine points with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
A private consortium has emerged as the frontrunner to co-ordinate cancer and end of life care in Staffordshire, the BBC understands.
A memorial to Jersey's soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in France.
Exeter Chiefs moved up to second in the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered a review of allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in south Wales.
Congo reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 1-1 draw with Burkina Faso.
A writer-activist has been charged with sedition in India for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two US planes have collided in Detroit, killing one person and injuring another.
The number of Scots seeking work rose by 15,000 in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A woman who worked on Star Wars: The Force Awakens has developed a new type of snow product.
The number of mental health patients being discharged from hospital in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
A teenager with a rare form of dwarfism has been given the go-ahead to treat her condition on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's under-20s game against MK Dons on Saturday has been postponed because of illness.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 73, her family has announced.
A plumbing company has been fined £1,000 after flues and gas supply pipes were not properly fitted in a residential development in Bournemouth.
If you walk into the University of Groningen in Wiltshire, you're likely to find graffiti.
The Ulster-Scots language was first spoken in the Republic of Ireland in the 1960s.
A 72-year-old woman who went missing in California last month has been found safe and well.
New York City's mayor has signed into law a bill that imposes a ban on topless strip clubs in Times Square.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a hospital has said he tried to "get out of there".
Some private clinics in England are not telling women they have a high chance of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Glentoran striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
More people in Wales are being encouraged to take up walking and cycling, the Welsh government has said.
There are two groups of Republicans in the race for the White House.
A Welsh man has become the first man to win the Snowdon mountain bike race.
The chairman of the House of Commons, Sir Kevin Wilshaw, has been asked to consider whether he breached parliamentary rules over his use of parliamentary facilities.
Shares in Chinese social networking site Weibo have risen more than 20% after it raised a record amount in its initial public offering.
The Wheelchair Basketball team are back in action!
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow.
Residents of the US territory of Guam have been reacting to a series of threats from North Korea.
A British diver has said he was "absolutely elated" that charges against him over the deaths of two friends in Malta have been dropped.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a rise in oil prices.
Protesters in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have marched through the city to protest against new anti-government laws.
Rory McIlroy says Europe are not a one man team.
Four men have been charged in connection with a robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Online retailer Amazon has been accused of paying millions of pounds in tax in the UK by the UK's tax authorities.
Afghanistan is one of the countries hardest hit by the migrant crisis.
It was supposed to be the year of the sprinter.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election in May.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has said it is still waiting to hear from the new owners of the club.
A man has admitted causing the death of a 43-year-old woman in a crash in Gwynedd.
Wales manager Roy Hodgson says Gareth Bale has no doubts about his side's patriotism ahead of their Euro 2016 meeting with England.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he will not "queen his pitch" to Ed Miliband over the Unite union dispute.
Theresa May has said the Brexit talks between her and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker will be "tough".
Former Livingston and Livingston midfielder Scott Martin has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent.
The Circuit of Wales could create up to 50,000 jobs in the south west of England, according to the man who runs the circuit.
Southampton County Council is set to make hundreds of job cuts over the next two years.
Belfast City moved up to second in the Scottish League Two table with victory over Elgin City.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-21 international midfielder Jordan James on a season-long loan deal.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hull City defender Phil Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The family of a teenager who was found dead in a canal have said they are "shocked" her death was not monitored.
Gunmen have attacked a village in eastern Afghanistan, killing at least 20 civilians, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, the Australian TV presenter who has been found guilty of historical child sex abuse, has gone from hero to villain.
The prime minister is to meet the boss of French carmaker PSA Group to discuss the company's plans to buy two UK plants.
Scotland's largest salmon producer has reported a loss of Â£1.4m in the first quarter of the year.
A former Northern Ireland minister has said he will ask the Audit Office to investigate the use of a private finance initiative (PFI) in Northern Ireland.
Scientists say they have found a new insect repellent that can repel mosquitoes in three minutes.
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend at a concert in Cardiff.
The name Apple Corps has been the subject of a trademark infringement lawsuit.
A water company has apologised after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms" in the water supply of a Devon village.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Tom Chatfield looks at the rise of artificial intelligence.
England took a 2-0 lead in the second Test against Pakistan after the follow-on was abandoned.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland is based in a house in Londonderry.
David Cameron has said a joint US, French and UK resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is "a work in progress".
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron's time at Oxford University, has been admitted to hospital in Turkey after suffering septic shock.
The Taliban have captured the strategic district of Sangin in Afghanistan's Helmand province, officials say.
A prison has asked residents to come to an evening to talk about how to deal with contraband being thrown over the wall.
The first women priests are to be ordained in Wales, the Church in Wales has announced.
Borders Council is being asked to raise objections to the cost of a £1.5m hydro-electric scheme.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the SDLP and Alliance Party have been offered the position of justice minister.
The search for the bodies of two men who died in a helicopter crash off the coast of Galway has resumed.
The world's largest outdoor music festival has been held in China.
A British all-amputee team have become the first team to row across the Atlantic Ocean.
Scotland has become the first country in the world to deploy a fully operational tidal energy array, according to a company.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on a season-long loan from Premier League side Brighton & Hove Albion.
Two German men have said they have "legally informed" Polish authorities about the discovery of a Nazi military train buried in the ground.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to seven players, including midfielder Mark Darby.
When Kate Balshaw was appointed as the new director of the Tate Modern, she was surprised to find that she had only just been given the job.
The CIA director, John Brennan, has been accused of hacking a private email account belonging to a 13-year-old boy.
The RoboCup team is taking part in this year's World Cup in Brazil.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Former Major League Soccer star Abby Wambach has been charged with drink-driving in the US state of Oregon.
Spain's Alberto Contador won stage one of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome finished second.
Teachers in the UK are spending more time in the classroom than their counterparts in other industrialised countries, according to a new report by the OECD.
Relatives of 24 Malaysians killed by British soldiers in Malaya have lost an appeal against a decision not to hold an independent inquiry.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Rasmus Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have cancelled a concert in Glasgow due to "safety issues", the band have said.
Some schools in England do not serve local children well, says the chief adjudicator of school admissions.
Tottenham moved three points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Swansea.
Celtic captain Scott Brown says the club have let themselves down by not producing the results they should be.
Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid midfielder Jese on a two-year deal.
The political deadlock in Northern Ireland continues to dominate the front pages.
Russia has held its first military exercises in the southern military district of the country since the conflict in Ukraine erupted in 2014.
An ambulance worker who posted "offensive and derogatory" comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off.
Israel has intercepted a flotilla of Tunisian opposition activists in the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Leaders of Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning on the eve of the general election.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer, mesothelioma, are to be eligible for compensation under a new fund set up by the government.
Blackburn Rovers' Championship survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have signed Shrewsbury Town striker Tom Barnett on a two-year deal.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to the country after a year in exile.
(Close): Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Wednesday.
A man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
More than half of people in Wales have no religion, according to the 2011 census.
Raymond Aubrac, the French Resistance leader who escaped from the Gestapo during World War Two, has died at the age of 87.
Police in Nigeria have arrested three men suspected of committing acts of homosexuality.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Leeds Rhinos and move to within a point of Super League leaders Catalans Dragons.
It is not every day that a new manager is appointed at a Premier League club.
Scotland's councils have committed to taking in Syrian refugees immediately, according to the charity Cosla.
Ronny Shinnie's late winner gave Aberdeen victory over Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League qualifying round tie.
A Canadian police helicopter has been accused of giving off an expletive-laden rant about money.
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a teenager to death in Nottingham.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the last 16 of the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight-set win over Italy's Fabio Fognini.
A man has been arrested in Germany in connection with the attack on a Borussia Dortmund bus near the Westfalenstadion in April.
A vigil has been held for a black man who died after being tackled by police.
Gillingham have appointed former boss Paul Pennock as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Police in India have sent two Muslim men to jail for allegedly cheering for Pakistan in the World Cup final.
Turkey's foreign minister has said he hopes the Islamic State (IS) group will be "endowed" by Turkish cooperation.
The US Army Corps of Engineers has ruled that it will not grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
An alpaca who was mauled by a dog in the New Forest has been found to be "beyond recovery".
The family of a man who died after a bomb attack at a prison have said they are "devastated and beyond shock".
A man accused of murdering a man outside Tonik nightclub in Aberdeen was "highly drunk", a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to become England manager.
Aberdeen winger Jonny Hayes has lost his appeal against his red card in the 2-1 win over Celtic.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term "hipster" to describe firefighters tackling a blaze at a block of flats in east London.
Two men have admitted attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has announced plans to build a new stadium in the Sudmeadow area of the city.
Britain First is being investigated by police over a visit to a mosque in Cardiff.
Archaeologists in Iraq have produced 3D images of artefacts that were destroyed by the Iraqi army in 2011.
More needs to be done to tackle the problem of drinking alcohol in Wales, a report has said.
The remains of a 17th Century shipwreck are being unveiled as part of a project to protect a protected site.
As West Ham prepare to move to a new stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon, BBC Radio London looks at the future of the area's pubs and street traders.
Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa, Scotland Yard has said.
Palliative care in England is costing the NHS more than £30m a year, according to a new report.
South Africa took 10 wickets on the final day of the final Test to complete a 3-0 series whitewash over England.
Scientists have used a new telescope to reveal the secrets of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina has proposed tougher penalties for assaults on teachers, in a bid to improve the image of the institution.
American golfer Mark Allenby says he was robbed at knifepoint in a bar in Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "big test" when they face Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Saturday, says former manager John Miller.
One of Osama Bin Laden's former associates, Abdul Fattah Bahri, has died, Yemeni officials say.
The Calbuco volcano in Chile has erupted again, spewing ash and rock into the sky over the town of Cochamo.
North Carolina Republicans have narrowly won the primary election to replace Kay Hagan, the Democratic candidate for the US Senate.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college under "chaotic" management, the BBC has learned.
A police chief has said it is a "realistic assumption" that the force will have to save up to 40% of its budget.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video of himself firing a machine gun at a pro-democracy activist in the European Parliament.
The Belfast Giants continued their impressive start to the Elite League season with a 4-2 win over Dundee Stars at the SSE Arena on Saturday night.
The Russian state-run Novaya Gazeta newspaper has said it will "retribution" to journalists who report on human rights abuses in Chechnya.
Actor Harrison Ford has said he wanted to do another Indiana Jones film without a "really good script".
England bowler James Anderson has broken the world record for the most Test wickets taken by a player in a match.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 100 branches across the UK by the end of the year, with the loss of 9,000 jobs.
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced plans to buy two of the world's biggest pharmaceutical companies for $1.5bn (£1.2bn).
A poster featuring the words "Independence calls for its bravest man" has been sold at auction for £1,000.
The first round of the FA Cup qualifying rounds is set to feature some of the biggest names in English football.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Michael Shatter, has been embroiled in a number of controversies over the past few years.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Gaby Williams has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
A gym has been criticised for posting a poster with the message, "save yourself", on its website.
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in stopping secondary breast cancer spreading to the bone.
Chelsea referee Mark Clattenburg has been cleared of making racially abusive comments towards Juan Mata and Juan Ramires.
Gary Neville scored twice as Valencia beat Barcelona 2-1 to reach the Copa del Rey final.
Netflix is bringing back one of China's most famous fairy tales to the big screen.
Two of Walt Disney's most famous cels have sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A man who posted a mugshot of himself on social media has said he will turn himself in to police after getting a lawyer and arranging for a lawyer.
Britain's Anthony Joshua is in talks with Wladimir Klitschko about a world heavyweight title fight, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a man blinded by the setting sun, a court has heard.
Time is running out for Qatar to tackle migrant labour abuses, Amnesty International says in a new report.
Some of Scotland's canals have been captured using a Google-powered camera system.
Lenovo has been accused of installing "naughty" adware on some of its laptops and mobile phones.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
Italian police have arrested four youths suspected of carrying out "brutal violence" in Milan in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
A Turkish fighter jet has crashed near the Syrian border, killing all 224 people on board, Turkish officials say.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will take his case to the Supreme Court to challenge the election results.
Sophie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in their opening Women's Euro 2017 qualifier.
Playboy magazine has announced that it is shutting down.
Matt Sturm retained his WBA super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Macklin in Belfast.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, one of India's most popular and controversial politicians, has died at the age of 88.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned the force faces "far worse" cuts than it had expected.
A critically endangered species of cockatoo has become established as a separate population in Hong Kong, according to a new study.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue his work despite a new law barring him from office.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he will look after the home of late President Hugo Chavez for a few years.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square to celebrate the death of Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Leicester City have signed N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan deal.
Stem cells from the biliary duct could be used to regenerate the liver of patients with severe liver failure, according to Edinburgh researchers.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £2m a day if they fail to meet agreed broadband service targets.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
The 60th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Mauthausen in Germany has been marked by a scandal.
A council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after it failed to pay compensation to traders affected by a ban on live sheep exports.
Livi Athletic moved out of the Scottish League Two relegation zone with a comfortable win over Stenhousemuir.
A 78-year-old man has been reunited with his old bandmates for the first time in more than 30 years.
Scientists have sequenced the DNA of a 45,000-year-old man who was close to the ancestor of modern humans.
Syrian opposition figures have held a meeting in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country.
Leicester City fans have clashed with police in the centre of the Spanish capital, Madrid, in what police have described as an unprovoked attack.
Early entry to schools in Wales is being used as a way of "gaming" the GCSE exam system, the Welsh Government's education minister has said.
Two 13-year-old girls in Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a girl who was stabbed to death by a "Slender Man" character.
A 13-year-old girl has been found in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Chibok, where 21 of the schoolgirls were abducted last year.
A man has died after falling ill at a house in Kent.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
Sly & The Family Stone were one of the most influential and influential bands of the 1970s.
It's not every day you watch the final series of Top Gear.
Former Geordie Shore star Nathan Williams says he was "100% nervous" about being bisexual in the new series.
The West Midlands tram network is to return to Wolverhampton for the first time in more than 50 years.
Red Bull will take "one race at a time" from Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo to keep their title hopes alive, according to the team's principal.
A year ago, Japan was hit by one of the most powerful earthquakes in recorded history.
Chelsea midfielder Mohamed Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of driving while banned, a court has heard.
A US student who has been in a coma in North Korea for more than a year has no signs of being poisoned, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook hit his first Test century of the season as England were held to a draw by St Kitts and Nevis in the first Test.
Welshman Dan Evans retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points win over Wales' Chris Ormond in Cardiff.
A protest has been held outside the headquarters of a Welsh language society in Denbighshire.
Football Association chairman Nigel Thompson has said he would want to review the tax affairs of footballers and entertainers.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Joe Gurney says he is "optimistic" about his future after the club were relegated from Division One of the County Championship.
The Conservative Party has announced it will not stand in the general election in Cornwall.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a house fire in Dorset.
The funeral of a rugby league player who died after collapsing on the pitch has taken place.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people who have been protesting against his labour reforms.
Tributes have been paid to British MP Jo Cox, who has been shot dead in Parliament.
More than £100m is to be given to the housing sector in Wales, the government has announced.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Porto and reach the last 16 of the Champions League.
Monty Python star Mike Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
Prince Charles urged Tony Blair to consider a cull of badgers in England, according to newly-released documents.
A man has died after his car was involved in a crash on the M4 in County Armagh.
Swedish chess grandmaster Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russian challenger Sergey Karjakin in the final of the World Chess Championship.
A former peer who quit the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership has said he wants to "save our country from a Tory government".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after his car was involved in a collision with a pick-up in Aberdeenshire.
Two otters have been born at a zoo in the US state of Oregon.
National Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of breaching EU state aid rules by awarding contracts to a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a disease.
A £26.7m project to revamp the BBC's Alexandra Palace theatre has been given the go-ahead by the Queen.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is "happy" at the club despite being sacked by Hearts.
Donald Trump has said he would be in jail if he won the US presidential election if he were in charge of the law.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was "100% sure" a free-kick was given to his side as they were held to a goalless draw by Motherwell.
Severe levels of bacteria have been found in shellfish in waters off the coast of Argyll and Bute.
Carlisle United have signed former Latics midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his six-match ban for breaching Football Association rules on gambling extended.
A nightclub tycoon who killed his father in a "momentary aberration born of a life experience" has been jailed for eight years.
Chinese social media users are praising a police dog handler who has set up a retirement home for his retired dogs.
The husband of a woman who died after being cared for at a hospital in Morecambe has told a misconduct hearing there was no evidence she knew she was ill.
Wales boasts the largest leatherback ever recorded anywhere on the planet, according to conservationists.
An American Airlines flight from Florida to Miami was forced to make an emergency landing because of an engine failure, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he ordered the finance minister to set up a "plan of defence" in the event of a national emergency.
More than 250 London Underground ticket offices are to close as part of a cost-cutting plan.
A man has been charged with assaulting a woman outside a supermarket in Milton Keynes.
Jung has won the Badminton Horse Trials for the first time in his career, as he continues his bid to win the Rolex Grand Slam.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger."
A former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (£120,000) to a children's hospital in Rome, officials say.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy and Woodstock are back.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Goodluck Jonathan are vying to become the next president of the country.
Essex director of cricket Steve Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be the "holy grail" for his side.
In the wake of the Brexit vote, it is time for real politics to take a step forward.
A corn snake which was found in a van in Bridgend county has been rescued by the RSPCA.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in a goalless draw as Ryan John-Lewis' late winner secured victory over Exeter.
Robbie Simpson scored twice as Exeter eased to a 4-0 win over Crewe in League Two.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.
The Independent blogs website has been infected with malware designed to subvert adverts, according to a security firm.
Colombia's Yuliya Ibarguen won gold in the women's long jump at the Rio Olympics.
A prehistoric weir dating back 1,000 years has been uncovered by archaeologists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alastair Cook looks at the dramatic US air strike on a Syrian airbase.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a bomb was found at his home in south London.
A metal detectorist has said he hopes to sell a pendant he found while on a treasure hunt in Norfolk.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is hopeful he will be fit to face Arsenal in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final at The Hawthorns.
England maintained their perfect start to the Six Nations with a comfortable victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has asked his fans to help him find a job in Stockport.
A cancer sufferer has claimed that Highland Council has turned its back on him by failing to acknowledge that he was exposed to asbestos.
The mayor of Liverpool has set out his budget for the next financial year, which he says could save £90m.
A football fan group is to hold a public vote on whether to reintroduce safe standing at Liverpool's Anfield stadium.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been jailed for eight months.
Substitute Niall Rowe scored his first goal for Doncaster as they beat Colchester in League Two.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
French centrist Emmanuel Macron has said he will not stand in the run-off round of the presidential election.
Karen Gillan has been cast as Jumanji star Nebula in the new Guardians of the Galaxy film.
Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Championships.
A man who admitted downloading child pornography has been given a probation order.
The basement of a castle in Powys is being turned into a World War Two battlefield to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who sent them a selfie that made him look like a Thundercat.
A man has been arrested in Belgium after allegedly pulling a machete from a sports bag and stabbing two policewomen to death, prosecutors say.
UBS has been placed under official investigation in France over allegations of money laundering and tax evasion.
More than half of London's families are paying out "poor or very poor value for money" from renting, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of vacant children's social posts in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Retailer B&M has reported a fall in sales in the first three months of the year as shoppers continue to spend with value retailers.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced changes to the way it patents drugs.
A Northern Ireland health trust has been ordered to pay £5.3m to the parents of a six-year-old girl who suffered severe hypoxia.
It's that time of year again when the stars of quiz show Monk are taking to the airwaves to discuss their new radio show.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of secondary schools in England, Ofsted has said.
Political parties should not touch or handle a completed ballot paper, a review has said.
Oscar-nominated actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson has said he is considering dropping out of the film industry because of "the worst-tasting carrot I've ever tasted".
A man has admitted culpable homicide after punching and kicking a man in a North Tyneside pub.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side "deserved a lot more" in their final Premier League game of the season.
Great Britain won the men's 4x200m relay at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car in a 30mph zone has been removed from his job after a complaint.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a police station in China's Xinjiang region, state media report.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after it paid £560m to settle claims over mortgage bonds and foreign exchange rates.
The world premiere of the new film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor, Barack Obama, is behind plans to increase defence spending.
More than two-thirds of staff at Queen's University in Belfast believe senior leaders provide "effective leadership", according to a survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit money laundering after stealing a safe from a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being put at risk by a lack of mental health support, two charities have said.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news" for Welsh rugby, says former Wales captain Scott Williams.
London is celebrating its 170th birthday this year, with a series of events taking place across the city.
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers says he's "not ashamed of it or anything" as he prepares for his second solo album.
A teenager who was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) has married his girlfriend.
An Australian politician has called for a four-day working week.
British swimmer Sam Burnell has described the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men's 10m platform as "ridiculous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Chris Rudolph says the team must "stand up" after their poor start to the season.
Ford has reported a rise in profits in the first quarter of the year, helped by strong performance in Europe.
A former Morgan Stanley banker has told a court he dismembered and destroyed the body of a police officer he had met on a dating app.
Leeds United managing director Mark Haigh has resigned following the collapse of the club's takeover by Francesco Cellino's GFH.
A Worcestershire council is considering a rise in council tax in a bid to save £580,000.
Spain's Socialist-led government has been defeated in a confidence vote in the lower house of parliament.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side are "gutted" by their defeat by New Zealand in Dunedin.
Two ambulances have been involved in a crash involving two cars in Lincolnshire.
Uefa president Matej Pohorecki says Poland and Ukraine feel pride after hosting the 2020 European Championship.
Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson for unveiling a portrait of the UK's service personnel in Syria.
A new cross-border rail link between the Scottish Borders and the south of England is "vital", a report has said.
A feasibility study into extending the Borders Railway has been welcomed by the Campaign for Border Rail.
Elderly people will soon be able to use their mobile phones, tablets and smartphones without having to worry about their age or disability.
A steam-packet vessel has collided with the King Edward Pier on the Isle of Man in "significantly stronger than forecast easterly winds".
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a new series of This is England '90.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said he wants an independent review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Julius Indongo at the Hydro in Belfast.
In the shadow of the Mourne mountains in County Down, a young Syrian man is working on repairing dry-stone walls.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fire in Fraserburgh.
Police investigating an attempted abduction at RAF Marham have said a man they want to speak to is not one of the suspects.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the sea off the coast of South Korea, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's finance committee has said there is a "significant level of complexity" to the Scottish government's budget process.
The European Space Agency has launched a new system that will allow Earth observation satellites to talk to each other.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a comfortable victory over Hull FC.
Plans to build 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed by a year.
Soldiers in Afghanistan have been complaining about the weight of new body armour.
Rangers have signed striker James Gordon from Stoke City on a season-long loan deal.
A troupe of elves have been threatened with an airgun after they were mistaken for real elves.
A march calling for an independent inquiry into the prosecution of ex-soldiers accused of crimes against humanity has been postponed.
Jersey footballer Paul Le Saux says he still does not believe there are gay players in professional football.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a Roman town in Bournemouth.
A charity has said it has been "overwhelmed" by the number of deaf people looking for work in Wales.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will "never stop a player from leaving" the club.
The SNP and the Scottish Liberal Democrats could raise more than £1bn a year if they follow UK government tax plans, a think-tank has said.
Three former executives of Japanese camera firm Kikukawa have pleaded guilty to accounting irregularities that led to the collapse of the firm's stock market value.
Three Egyptian journalists have lost their appeal against their convictions for spreading false news.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in west London.
Saracens lock Kurtley Kruis has been ruled out of England's autumn Test series because of a knee injury.
At least one person has died of Dengue fever in Burkina Faso, the World Health Organization says.
Plans for a visitor centre to commemorate the Battle of Naseby have been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece international defender Nikos Bouchalakis on a two-year deal.
A US-led coalition air strike has reportedly killed at least 30 civilians in the north-eastern Syrian province of Deir al-Zour, activists say.
The founder of a music group in County Antrim has been honoured with BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award.
A hospital is trying to recruit more nurses to help it cope with a shortage of in-patients.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a car attack in the occupied West Bank, the military says.
Floyd Mayweather has told Conor McGregor he will knock him out inside four rounds if he wins his world title on Saturday.
David Cameron has changed the rules on inheritance tax.
A church damaged by floods has been switched on for the first time in more than a decade.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into the computers of major US companies.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder James Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University is to refurbish its lecture block with a £1m revamp.
Employers have become the first in the UK to automatically enrol employees into their state pension pots.
A man has been given a suspended jail sentence for starting a fire at a former seaside resort.
Fleetwood Town have signed Robins striker Ben Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has announced the opening of the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro on August 5.
At least seven people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
A police rattle has been unveiled at a ceremony in Surrey to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a Scottish detective.
Three nurses who falsified patients' blood glucose records have been jailed.
A judge in Brazil has temporarily halted work on a controversial hydroelectric dam in the north-eastern state of Sao Paulo.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of little terns breeding on the UK coast.
A pine marten has been born in mid Wales for the first time in more than a century.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for smuggling cocaine into the UK has arrived in the UK.
A dog is to be used in a campaign to highlight the need for employers to offer workplace pensions to people over the age of 22.
A man accused of murdering his 91-year-old ex-girlfriend told police he feared jumping off a cliff while searching for her body, a court has heard.
The Royal Opera House has been evacuated after a fire alarm went off in the middle of a performance.
Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, has died in the Republic of Ireland.
Brendan Foley once said: "Straight over a fella."
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi-fi is running as fast as it should.
Graeme McDowell missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a six-under-par 66.
Plastic surgeons are developing a 3D printer which could be used to reconstruct human body parts.
Palau is one of the world's most remote islands.
Napoli moved three points clear at the top of Serie A with a comfortable win over AC Milan.
Mark Ronson and Mars have been added to the original writers of Blurred Lines' hit Uptown Funk, according to the Recording Industry Association (RCA).
Chinese President Xi Jinping has said China will never close its door to the outside world, amid growing concerns about the country's slowing economy.
Plans to open a sugar-free Christmas truck in Leicester have been criticised by a councillor who was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
A detective sergeant has been sacked for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who stabbed his children to death.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed in fighting between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip, the UN says.
Great Britain's sporting teams have set a new Olympic medal target for Rio 2016.
The rollout of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England has been delayed until the end of 2017.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a stabbing in Birmingham.
The first week of the general election campaign has been dominated by UKIP, the Conservatives and the Greens.
A new tariff aimed at helping people struggling to pay their water bills has been launched.
Aston Villa manager Julien Garde is expected to make a decision on the availability of Jonny Evans.
Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a two-year deal.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Archbishop Micheál Martin, has called for an apology from the Catholic Church for the "horrific mistakes" of the past.
The mastermind of the Hatton Garden raid has admitted hiding a stash of stolen jewellery and stones in a cemetery, a court has heard.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of "fatbergs" in London's sewers.
Valve has announced plans to change the way games are published on its Steam service.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying for the US, state media report.
Former TV presenter Jimmy Clifford has denied sexually assaulting a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have clashed on stage during the first of a four-day international tour to promote their bout.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood.
Olympic 4x100m relay champion Michael Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's squad for the World Championships in February.
Two men who died in an explosion at an RAF base were "bravely trying to rescue" their father, an inquest has heard.
A stone house that inspired the novelist John Fowles is to open to the public for the first time in more than 100 years.
Leeds United reached the League Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history by beating Liverpool at Anfield.
West Ham have agreed to pay up to £2.5m a year to rent the Olympic Stadium while they redevelop Wembley, the Information Commissioner's Office has ruled.
Prince Charles has said the scale of religious persecution around the world is "beyond all belief".
Schools in England are to receive a basic level of per pupil funding, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
The chancellor, George Osborne, has been in charge of the Treasury since the general election.
When I first started working with Henry Blofeld on the BBC commentary box, the first thing I noticed was how different he was from other broadcasters.
Real Madrid moved up to second in La Liga with a comfortable victory over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's provincial government has passed a law recognising Hindu marriages.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis on a free transfer.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the Guatemalan capital, Guatemala, after a volcano erupted, officials say.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that can predict how well an individual is ageing.
A woman who was on her mobile phone at the time of the Manchester bomb attack was lucky to be alive, her husband has said.
Russia has said an air strike on a Turkish military base in the Syrian town of al-Bab was a "total accident".
Plans to reorganise hospitals in Merseyside and Cheshire have been criticised by councillors.
Two diesel vessels have been rescued after they ran aground in Dart Harbour.
A woman has died in a house fire in Fife.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains service for more than four hours have said they were told they had trespassed.
Four former soldiers have been jailed for conspiring to import guns, ammunition and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a six-year-old boy in Newham.
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber-attacks.
BHS is considering whether to take over its Hoover pension scheme, which has a deficit of about £250m.
A man in his 20s has died in Londonderry.
Two people have died in a crash involving two cars in Aberdeenshire.
"If we had a different approach to the Irish border after Brexit, it would be very different."
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the UK government wants to work with Europe to get a "good deal" for Wales.
Scientists have developed a 3D-printed cartilage that they say can be inserted into human patients.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by the owner of Humberside Airport.
When David Haynes first started working on the trading floor of the London Stock Exchange in the 1970s, he had never heard of the "Big Bang".
League Two side Woking have signed former Crawley Town midfielder Bobson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Durham University and Newcastle University have taken part in the inaugural Tyne-Wear Boat Race.
Russia has sent its aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships into the English Channel.
Images courtesy of National Geographic France and Dronestagram.
West Ham have signed striker N'Golo Emenike on a season-long loan from Turkish side Besiktas.
Thieves have smashed a cash machine with a dumper truck and smashed its engine into a footpath.
England will face China in the quarter-finals of the China Open on Sunday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has paid tribute to her "best friend".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California for the first time in his career.
French prosecutors say they hope to reach the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the Marseille mountains on Monday.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of a US pastor who criticised homosexuality on a radio show.
Scarlets wing Liam Williams will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup match against Zebre with a knee injury.
Drax Campbell is back in the Premier League.
Plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland have been tabled at Holyrood.
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has announced that the Northern Ireland Executive will grant extra borrowing powers to pay off up to 20,000 civil servants.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a free transfer.
Maria Sharapova has been criticised for not knowing who David Beckham and Sachin Tendulkar were.
Police investigating the sexual abuse of two boys at a care home have made a fresh appeal for information.
The Welsh Parliament should be renamed the Welsh Parliament, the First Minister has said.
Alun Cairns has described his first meeting as Welsh secretary as "dignified".
Plans for a £1.3bn creative hub in Carmarthenshire have been criticised by council leaders.
A new breed of honey bee is being tested to see if it can survive a deadly strain of a deadly bee disease.
Plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley have been given the go-ahead by a council.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Frank Sinatra looks back on the life of Muhammad Ali.
When Kevin Smith left Leeds Rhinos at the end of the 2008 season, he was already looking back on his career.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Lebanon on suspicion of abducting her six-year-old daughter and her young son in a "recovery" operation, reports say.
Scientists at Cardiff University have developed computer algorithms that can identify cancer cells in a population of previously unseen cells.
Harlequins have signed Leinster flanker James Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A man who caused the deaths of a grandfather and his wife in a crash in Bedfordshire has been jailed for eight years.
The number of new enquiries about UK house prices fell by more than a third last month, according to surveyors.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said the "days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised for his "sincerest apologies" after he was sent off in Sunday's Pro12 defeat by Toulon.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey was found in a cesspit beneath a garage, a court has heard.
Britain's Adam Daley won silver in the men's 200m freestyle at the European Aquatics Championships in London.
Plans for hundreds of homes in Connah's Quay have been unveiled.
David Bowie has died at the age of 66 after a courageous 18-month battle with cancer.
Malaysian palm oil firm Olam has been accused of illegally sourcing palm oil from third party suppliers that may contribute to the annual haze caused by land clearing fires.
It is not every day that a senior Scottish Labour politician is at a conference in Lhasa.
A shark has been found washed up on a beach in County Antrim.
The warming of the world is slowing down, according to a new theory.
What do you do when the transfer window closes?
A council has been ordered to pay Â£5,000 compensation to a family affected by a landslip which led to the evacuation of their homes.
Alexis Sanchez scored a late penalty as Arsenal beat Hull to move up to third in the Premier League.
Facebook has said it is waiting for confirmation from police that the final six convicted child sex offenders have been removed from the site.
Aaron Ramsey scored twice as Arsenal secured their first Premier League win of the season with victory over Norwich.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as their new elite performance director.
England should give South Africa batsman Keaton Jennings time to settle in before the Ashes, says former captain Steve Smith.
The Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority are to start investigations into certain former HBOS senior managers, the City regulator has said.
NHS Lothian has suspended a private cleaner after he got the name of a woman from a computer while she was being treated in hospital.
The Philippine army says it has regained control of the city of Marawi, which has been under siege for more than a week.
Southern rail has been accused of "targeted harassment" by the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union.
Four teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot's vision during a flight from Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman in Cardiff has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed Derbyshire batsman Shiv Thakor for an undisclosed fee.
Two Polish police officers have been deployed to a town where a man was killed by a single punch.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, Australian expats are being urged to post their ballot slips back from Australia.
An athletics club has been told it cannot use Windsor Great Park for training because of its lack of lighting.
Singer Beyonce has announced she will play four more shows at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Ben Eden scored a hat-trick as Castleford beat Leigh Centurions to move to within a point of Super League leaders Hull FC.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last five years, according to new figures.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, to protest against the police shooting of a black man.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride festival.
The trial of five men accused of the 2005 assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened in The Hague.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been denied parole after serving one-sixth of his sentence for murder.
We arrive at a hospital in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A group of South Sudanese musicians have called on the country's government to forgive each other.
Oscar-winning film director Ruben Babenco has died at the age of 83.
Scientists have developed a robot that can move faster than the previous generation.
Ed Sheeran has donated his wardrobe to charity.
The head of Tanzania's health ministry has been accused of inciting hatred, violence and increased mob lynchings by posting homophobic tweets on social media.
A 73-year-old man has died after being found in the sea off the west coast of Scotland.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham and Redbridge.
Eight people have been arrested after disorder at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister and setting fire to their home.
Two men have been arrested after a man was killed in a crash in Sheffield.
Northern Ireland striker Jack Washington says he is "lucky" to be in the right place at the right time.
A historic manor hall has reopened to the public after a £1.6m revamp.
A couple have become the first married couple to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed a landmark international arms treaty, which aims to curb the flow of weapons to conflict zones.
The Great Manchester Run has been given the go-ahead by the city council to take place on Friday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was killed in a crash.
Essex spinner Steven Harmer says he will never take more than 28 wickets in two games again.
A public inquiry into prisoners' education and training is to be launched by the justice secretary.
For many Latin American countries, the removal of the democratically elected leader of the country, Dilma Rousseff, is a significant moment in the history of democracy.
A group of Dutch students are working together to develop a hydrogen fuel cell bus that can run on conventional routes.
A jockey who was found asleep at the wheel of his car with the engine running and the lights on has been banned from driving for three years.
Swansea's civic centre is to be demolished and replaced with a new office block, the city council has announced.
A dog has had its claws " forcibly and traumatically removed" from a road in Kent.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Londonderry.
Sale Sharks have signed Moldova fly-half Vadimobilas from Bordeaux on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United have signed Tom Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mortgage approvals rose to their highest level in more than a year in July, a sign that the UK housing market is firming up.
The father and son of a woman who died in a suspected heart attack in Pakistan have appeared in court charged with her murder.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has unveiled a digital assistant that can be controlled by voice.
Lorry drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving.
British number one Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the BNP Paribas Open with a straight-set win over Spain's Fernando Verdasco.
Nigeria's former defence minister Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court charged with fraud.
A father and his three children have gone missing from their home in Brighton.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the German Cup.
Voting has begun in the Cheshire general election.
Scotland winger Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against the world's best players at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London.
Drug experts are warning people not to take "superman" ecstasy pills after the deaths of three men in Suffolk.
Swedish economist Anders Holmstrom and US economist Peter Hart have been awarded the Nobel economics prize.
A cold snap has hit Italy, with temperatures expected to fall as low as -6C (17F) in some parts of the country.
The European Anti-Doping Agency (AZ) is to launch a major project to decode the human genome.
St Helens have announced plans to replace a stand at the club's home ground with a new stand.
Lambing season is coming to an end in north Wales, with thousands of lambs being born on the farm.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car at a nightclub in Londonderry.
Bottles of whisky from a ship which sank in World War Two have been sold at auction for £1.5m.
A sandcastle depicting a murder victim on a beach has been branded "in poor taste" by a police force.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion across Europe, with many commentators calling it a victory for the UK and the rest of the EU.
Plans to sell a Formula 1 circuit to an overseas investor have been put on hold after the sale of the circuit to Liberty Media.
Two glider pilots who took part in the Battle of the Somme have been remembered by a museum.
Brazil's Rio Tinto has increased its offer for Riversdale, the owner of Australia's biggest steelmaker, to a record high.
Opposition leaders in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called for a referendum on constitutional changes to be held on Sunday.
Leicester Tigers have signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
The family of a five-year-old boy with terminal cancer have said they are "devastated" after failing to reach their fundraising target for his treatment.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman Automotive for $1.3bn (Â£1.2bn) in a deal that will see the firm invest $2.5bn in technology.
The EFL Cup third round and the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals were held at Bournemouth on Saturday.
Peterborough United have signed striker Tom Lloyd from League Two side AFC Wimbledon for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a major redevelopment of a former seaside resort in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the government.
A man has been charged with the murder of an Indian-American man and attempted murder of two others in Kansas.
The funeral of Keith Harris has taken place in Bristol.
Sam Marshall scored a hat-trick as Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Gloucester and move up to second in the Premiership.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of fake reviews posted on its Google+ social network to a nursery in the Netherlands.
Merstham Town will face League One side Dover Athletic in the third round of the FA Cup.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order directing the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to crack down on religious freedom.
A woman who filmed a far-right activist shouting racist abuse at a rally has said she feels "too strongly" to be scared of people with similar views.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving at a holiday park.
Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history.
The parents of the Hillsborough victims have been honoured with a knighthood at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is looking into whether North Korea could co-host the 2018 Winter Olympics.
A journalist has been shot dead by a gunman in the Turkish city of Cumhuriyet.
Carmarthenshire council has bought the county's Guildhall, the venue for the first Plaid Cymru MP to win the 1966 election.
Aung San Suu Kyi has urged people to "continue to use your liberty to promote ours" at the Brighton Festival.
Prince George is about to leave the National Health Service.
The US Senate has voted against ratifying a UN treaty on the rights of the disabled.
The new leader of UKIP has said she has a "concern" that the High Court's decision to delay the triggering of Article 50 could "frustrate" the process.
More than 1,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a national Read Aloud competition to break the world record for the largest number of children reading aloud.
Spain's Felipe Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as Yamaha team-mate Valentino Rossi finished second in the Italian Grand Prix.
Author JK Rowling has said she is "shocked" by some of the comments she has received on Twitter about her political views.
The death of prominent Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti could have been caused by physical shock, prosecutors say.
A World War I aerodrome has been given listed status by the government.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder after two men were shot dead.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff and JP courts has risen by 95% in the past year, according to a new report.
Two new horses have been named after Police Scotland's smallest horse.
A man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a supermarket in Fife.
Ed Sheeran, Pharrell Williams and Redfoo are among the nominees for this year's MTV Europe Music Awards in Glasgow.
At least 17 people have been killed in shelling at a school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager who was held in an Egyptian prison for more than a year has been adjourned.
A group of farmers who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to hold a meeting with the Department of the Economy.
Universities at Ulster University (UU) have warned that the UK's vote to leave the European Union could lead to the withdrawal of EU students.
Hull City have signed Uruguay international striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben is to be the first day of the year celebrated in London, according to a YouGov survey.
A new species of wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia.
Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to sign a new contract with England after their historic series win over New Zealand.
A convicted rapist has been found guilty of a further three rapes in Australia.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a memorial service for Princess Diana at her home in Northamptonshire.
The takeover of British chipmaker ARM by Japanese firm Softbank in a deal worth £24.3bn has been criticised by the UK government's former chief economist Lord Myners.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC's Sound of 2017 artist of the year.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with animal cruelty over the care of two peacocks and a guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies have reached the Scottish Women's Premier League quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael ei godi i'r categori uchaf posib ers yr ymosodiad terfysgol ym Manceinion nos Lun.
The owner of a holiday booking company in the Black Country has said it has become "impossible to cope" with the collapse of the business.
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the coast of Tuscany in 2013, is to appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland remains part of the EU single market.
Lebanon's Gendarmerie has foiled an attempt to smuggle thousands of amphetamine pills into the country, state news agency NNA reports.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited to the United States.
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of people living 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for their conduct during Sunday's Premier League game with Chelsea.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur, called T. Rex.
Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson has denied sexually abusing a child.
The new South Western rail operator has been accused of failing to provide a guarantee that a second person will be on board its trains.
One of the largest dinosaurs ever to walk the Earth was born 95 million years ago, according to scientists.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire.
The head of one of the world's biggest banks has said he wants to move more jobs out of London and into the European Union.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say they have arrested a man accused of desecrating a temple in the city of Jammu.
A legal challenge to the right to make false statements about SNP MP Alistair Carmichael during the general election campaign has been dismissed.
A group of blind and partially sighted people have criticised a council's decision to install Braille paving in Hull.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to win the world title.
Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed until the end of the year.
League Two side Barnsley have signed Ryan Rothwell and Harry Maguire from Championship rivals Rotherham for undisclosed fees.
Gay conversion therapy is being offered on the NHS in Northern Ireland, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
A man who was tricked into sending a heroin package to his home in the US has told the BBC he is "a little concerned".
A health trust has been told to make "significant improvements" after a culture of bullying and low morale was found at two of its hospitals.
Salmon exports surged in the first three months of the year, according to the Food & Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
Scotland's first black belt in karate has been presented to her by her father, who won her silver medal at the Rio Olympics.
At least 28 pilot whales have died after stranding on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of murdering his partner told police she fell with the knife in her hand during a struggle, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed West Bromwich Albion striker Ben Emmanuel-Thomas on a season-long loan deal.
In the wake of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal, many people have been wondering what's the most surprising use for solariums in Northern Ireland.
Tyrrell Hatton's second-place finish at the Scottish Open at Royal Troon earned him a £150,000 bonus.
England captain Michael Vaughan described the second Test defeat by Pakistan as "as good a four days of cricket that you could wish for".
Kilmarnock have signed defender Jamie Hamill from Hearts for an undisclosed fee.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win 100 World Cup races.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests" to open visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and create a border-free zone from Iraq, Iran and Syria to the English Channel, Michael Gove has said.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has broken down the number of cars sold in Germany and Spain affected by the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's hotly contested presidential and parliamentary elections.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned for two matches by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's A&E department is struggling to cope with the pressures of winter.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle boss Alan Archibald have been nominated for the Scottish Premiership manager of the year award.
When the Church in Wales voted to allow women to become bishops in 2008, it was the first time a woman had been ordained in the church.
Former paramilitaries who were injured by the IRA should be eligible for a special pension, the BBC has learned.
A white supremacist who killed two people outside Jewish communities has been sentenced to life in prison.
Norwich City have signed Latics defender Marc Dijks for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he will miss Anglesey when his search and rescue tour of duty comes to an end next month.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South reached the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
A man who died after being handcuffed by police had been kicking cars as he made his way along a road, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering four members of the same family in Washington DC last week.
Malaysia has approved the screening of Disney's Beauty and the Beast remake.
A body has been found in the sea off the Vale of Glamorgan.
Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has said he takes sexual assaults and assaults against people "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have issued arrest warrants for dozens of officials involved in a fire at a nursery that killed dozens of children in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago.
It's easy to get stuck in a hotel room.
Manchester City goalkeeper Iker Casillas has been recalled to the Spain squad by manager Julen Lopetegui.
Bipin Mukherjee is favourite to win this year's Booker Prize for fiction after being shortlisted for the prize for the first time.
Thousands of people are expected to turn out for the Tomatina Festival in the town of Londonderry on Saturday.
A mako shark has been rescued from the back of a boat off the coast of Wales by a team of divers.
A baby gorilla has been captured on camera performing a "dance" at a zoo.
When I first arrived at a hotel in the Belgian city of Ghent I was told to stay put.
The number of nurses and midwives in Scotland has risen by more than 50% in the past five years, according to a union.
A recording of England's 1966 World Cup anthem has been released.
Printers made by some of the world's biggest manufacturers have been targeted by a hacker.
A teenager has been charged after a man was hit by a car in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable 3-0 win at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said it is "too late" for TV pre-election debates to go ahead.
The final demolition of the Jungle migrant camp in Calais has been completed.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in for a 100th day in office.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Barnsley ended in a draw with 10-man Birmingham City.
The Open University is to use data gathered from its online courses to help identify students who may be struggling.
Birmingham City Ladies secured their first win of the Women's Super League One season with a hard-fought win over Bournemouth.
The number of people arrested in the US for illegally entering the country has risen sharply in the past year, officials say.
Australian cricketer Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League after he said he was "not blushing".
An Italian man has been arrested after police found cocaine with a street value of more than 2m euros (£1.8m) in his suitcase.
The US and Nato have agreed to withdraw their special forces from the Afghan province of Wardak, the commander of the International Security Assistance Force (Isaf) has said.
Universities in Wales may be "far more fragile" than they first thought, the education secretary has said.
India's milk is one of the world's most popular dairy products.
A Doonhamers concert has been cancelled because of a lack of ticket sales.
Team New Zealand beat Oracle Team Oracle Team USA to win the America's Cup for the first time in their history.
Angel Rangel says Manchester City are looking like the best team in the UK under Pep Guardiola.
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah Matthew both won in the semi-finals of the British Open in Hull on Saturday.
Nine former staff at a Londonderry construction firm are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
A norovirus outbreak has closed three wards at Inverness Royal Infirmary.
A series of iconic photographs of poverty and terrible conditions in some of England's most deprived areas are to go on display.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager who was hit by a car.
A ferry which capsized off the coast of Guernsey last month has been restored to service.
A man who caused the death of a cat in a hotel kitchen has been given a suspended sentence.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to the UK's transport network.
Team Sky are being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad) over the use of banned injections, the BBC has learned.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a mother in Kent.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" in the way he speaks, according to researchers at the University of Manchester.
Former Wales scrum-half Rhys Phillips says he is "hugely surprised" by reports of a merger between Racing 92 and Stade Francais.
A campaign has been launched to make three new emoji flags available on keyboards.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Bullying towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBTI) children is on the increase in Scotland, according to a report.
A council in Aberdeenshire has been alerted to a Scots Gaelic email scam.
League One side Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player James O'Neill on a two-year deal.
Three vehicles have been involved in a crash in Dumfries and Galloway.
Coventry City Rugby Club has been approached by Rugby Borough Council about a potential new stadium site in the borough.
Glamorgan director of cricket Mark Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department following a disappointing 2016 season.
Leicester hooker Alun Wyn Jones says he is determined to prove he is good enough for England after having back surgery.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the season as they were beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne.
The home secretary has said it is "too early" to say whether net migration will be included in the Conservative manifesto.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 11 points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make our United Kingdom work for all our nations.
A blood test which can tell if people with Alzheimer's disease are at high risk of developing the disease has been developed.
The world's largest floating town has opened its doors to the public.
Wales internationals Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand have joined Reading on loan until the end of the season.
A campaign has been launched to save Skegness's Jolly Fisherman from extinction.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he is "delighted" that he has been granted Russian citizenship.
England's Laura Noppert will face France's Paul Waites in the semi-finals of the Women's British Open at the Lakeside Country Club in Dundee.
Swansea City have confirmed they are in talks with Rams boss Gary Rowett about the vacant manager's job.
Dundee have appointed former St Mirren boss James McCann as their new manager.
Two Grade II-listed swimming pools have been placed on a list of the UK's most important national monuments.
A chronology of key events:1 July -
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt" for his parliamentary work by missing a key vote in the Scottish Parliament.
One of the world's heaviest corms has begun to flower in Edinburgh.
The number of under-18s being referred for gender identity treatment has risen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivian voters have rejected a constitutional ban on President Evo Morales.
Championship side Brentford have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Richard Jones on a two-year deal.
Three riders were disqualified from the Tour de France after being caught by a train as they tried to break away from the pack.
A US football game has been recorded by a seismic recording station in Seattle, Washington, for the first time.
The Fifa World Cup sponsorship scandal has hit the world's biggest sporting sponsors.
England have been accused of "terribly illegally" by Wales ahead of Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham.
A man accused of punching a bride and groom at a wedding has told a court he was trying to defuse the situation.
Britain's David Coulthard has become the first rider to win two MotoGP races on the same day in the same year.
Nato forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 100 prisoners from the Taliban, the Nato military says.
Indonesia is one of the world's most densely populated countries.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales as it tries to win more shoppers.
A new genetic test has been developed by the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire moved into the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
The Sri Lankan army has released photographs of a seven-year-old boy it says was killed in a battle with Tamil Tiger militants in 2009.
Manchester City came from behind to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering two women in separate incidents.
The story of the British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa is one of the most captivating stories of all time.
A hospital trust has been rated "requires improvement" by the health watchdog.
Bombay House is one of India's most recognisable buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna boss Pedro Sanchez has left the club by mutual consent.
Bill Cosby's former professorship has been reinstated after the comedian was accused of sexually assaulting women in the 1970s.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki and Sloane Stephens have reached the semi-finals of the Rogers Cup in Canada.
A woman who died after a lorry crashed into her flat in North Ayrshire has been named.
Three teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a riot in Carmarthenshire left police and motorists "terrified".
Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Aintree.
India's government has proposed new laws to restrict the creation and distribution of geospatial information, including maps of the country.
Rory McIlroy finished 11th in the Race to Dubai as England's Lee Westwood missed out on a place in the final round.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has said it needs to raise more than £500,000 to acquire a portrait of an 18th Century African slave.
Public hearings into the death of Lord Janner have been postponed because of "good reasons", a public inquiry has heard.
Voting has begun in local elections across England.
Palestinians have celebrated the removal of metal detectors from the entrance to the al-Aqsa mosque compound in Jerusalem, in a show of defiance against Israel.
A six-year-old girl who went missing while visiting a monument in India has been found safe and well.
Three human feet have been found in a park in Bath, police have said.
The first smart motorways in England have been introduced on the M4 and M5 in Reading.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for radon gas.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut £1.5m from its budget.
England captain Alastair Cook hit his first Championship century of the season as Essex dominated day two against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces are to merge in a bid to save Â£1m over the next three years.
Two police forces failed to spot a driver travelling in the wrong direction before he killed a passenger, an inquest has heard.
Linfield reached the second leg of their Europa League qualifying round tie against Celtic after a goalless draw at La Fiorita.
Plans for marine conservation zones in Wales have been scrapped, the minister for natural resources has said.
Dundee United winger Paddy Murphy has signed a new contract with the League Two club.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
DNA from a man accused of murdering a Sun newspaper journalist in Bishopbriggs could have been used to identify him, a court has heard.
Thousands of people are expected to attend a music festival in Dumfries and Galloway later.
More women are becoming nuns in the UK than ever before, according to the Church of England.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
The husband of a British woman held in Iran for five years has said he is "outraged" by a "mockery of justice" in her case.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Chesham United.
A man who was found guilty of murdering a former newspaper editor in Derbyshire in 1973 may have been wrongly convicted, a coroner has said.
A Taser-armed man who killed a woman in a hostel had "unrealistic" plans to attack police, an inquest has heard.
Former Venezuelan Foreign Minister Luis Almagro has accused President Nicolas Maduro of being a "traitor" to his country.
A fire station in West Berkshire is to close permanently, the fire service has said.
If you are a Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court after a 16-year-old girl died after taking the psychoactive drug N-Bomb.
A New Zealand man has won NZ$1m ($1.2m; £1.1m) in Bonus Bonds, according to local media.
Forest Green Rovers have signed 18-year-old striker Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Noble, the world's biggest commodities trader, has warned that commodity prices have fallen by almost 40% since the Paris climate agreement.
South African police have reinstated charges against Det Hilton Botha, the detective accused of murdering his girlfriend Oscar Pistorius.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, Kirsty Williams, is being quizzed by the BBC's Ask the Leader programme.
Nato is no longer acceptable, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
An Iranian court has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in modelling on the popular photo-sharing site Instagram.
Lizzie Armitstead won the fourth stage of the Women's Tour as Marianne Vos retained the overall lead.
A man has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Manchester.
A pit bull rescue centre has launched a late appeal against a destruction order against the owner of the animal.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best film at the People's Choice Awards in Manila.
Emma Pooley will return to the British Cycling team for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio after being offered a place in the team pursuit.
A man has admitted being the owner of a dog that killed a man as he walked his pet.
A man has said he was "disgraced" when he was marched off a London Underground train twice after being found with wires hanging from his backpack.
Portugal has become the first country in the world to allow descendants of Sephardic Jews to apply for a passport.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in her first official engagement north of the border.
Portsmouth moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over AFC Wimbledon.
The number of homicides in Scotland has fallen for the first time in more than a decade, according to new figures.
Wigan Warriors will host Wigan Warriors in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK, according to a report.
Lewis Hamilton won the Italian Grand Prix for the first time in his career as Mercedes dominated the race.
Paralympic runner David Whitehead's 40 marathons in 40 days have gone on display at the National Paralympic Games in London.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have clashed over the length of Prime Minister's Questions at Downing Street.
More than 100 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, which has been hit by floods, local media report.
US tycoon Donald Trump has said he will sue the Scottish government over plans for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeenshire.
The drop-off and pick-up point in Conwy could be widened to reduce road safety risk, according to councillors.
Ulster Bank has said it is "working flat out" to fix a software fault that has affected more than 600,000 payments made to its customers.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of involvement in the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says he would be "confident" of taking the club to the Championship play-off final.
Two directors of an arts organisation on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant due to a lack of funding.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (Â£1.3bn) fund to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
The UK's energy mix will need to be "re-shaped again" if it is to meet climate change targets, a report has said.
NHS England is publishing the earnings of consultants who work in the private sector.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a van in Leicester.
Sam Burgess scored a hat-trick of tries as Bath inflicted a fourth straight Premiership defeat on London Irish.
A signed contract signed by the Beatles and their manager George Epstein has sold for £1.75m at auction in London.
Thousands of Israeli military reservists have been called up to help defend the city of Tel Aviv from Palestinian rocket fire.
A Canadian boy has been left crying in the back seat of a United Airlines flight after the airline cancelled his flight.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than any other part of the UK.
The number of flights taking off and landing in UK airspace is expected to rise by more than 50% this year, the government has said.
Reddit, the popular social network in the US, has disappeared its warrant canary.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a selfie contest to highlight the issues of discrimination against women in India's Haryana state.
Police in Kenya have released CCTV footage of soldiers looting items from the Westgate shopping centre in the capital, Nairobi.
Work is under way to clear debris from beaches affected by flooding in the East of England.
A woman has died after contracting flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home.
Flash Gordon actor John Blessed has told how he helped save the life of a woman who was having a baby.
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out a series of attacks on patients has told a court he was "on the way to getting cancer".
A team of scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, have arrived in the United States.
Google has reported a net profit of $1.2bn (£1.1bn) for the three months to the end of March, up from $1bn a year earlier.
Senga won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Royal Ascot for the first time in her career after a fall from her mount Tivoli.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has welcomed a UN tribunal's ruling that it has no jurisdiction over disputed islands in the South China Sea.
A Glasgow University student is using technology developed in the UK to help diagnose facial paralysis.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been taken over by a consortium of investors led by Dunkin' Donuts founder Nigel Travis.
Theresa May has said she wants to call an early general election.
A council's housing team will be running as normal for the first time in more than a decade following a series of fires in Oxfordshire.
The cost of using private ambulances to answer 999 calls in England has risen by £46m in the past year, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Liverpool made it two wins from two in the Championship with a comfortable win over Burton.
Off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of England's women's Twenty20 series against India because of a hamstring injury.
Ipswich Town defender James Taylor says he has no intention of leaving the club, despite being offered the chance to clean his boots.
Police have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
National League side Gateshead have signed Newcastle United midfielder James Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" news reports that Russian hackers were trying to help him win the election.
Portugal's credit rating has been cut to "negative" by the European Central Bank, amid fears that a left-wing government could fall.
Olympic qualification for the 2018 Winter Games in PyeongChang is on the mind of Snowboard World Cup snowboarder Hannah Potter.
Five men have admitted robbing a man and his cousin at a flat in Fife.
Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on loan until the end of the season.
"I'm John Toshack's son."
Poorer young people are more likely to engage in violent crime than their better-off counterparts, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend by setting fire to her bungalow.
Jason Downton is a jousting jockey, but he has never fallen off his horse.
A UK firm has been named in connection with an outbreak of E. coli linked to sprouted seeds in France.
Fertility services in Hartlepool could be re-tendered if a new bidder fails to meet the required standards, a council has said.
The M42 has reopened after a fatal crash involving a car and a lorry in Birmingham.
The girlfriend of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court she has "quite a few" other women he cheated on her with.
Huge swathes of Britain are now doing worse than their parents' generation in social mobility, according to a report by the country's mobility watchdog.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's ballistic missile test, saying it violated a UN Security Council resolution.
A rail firm has been accused of "embarrassing fallout" over delays to work on the East Coast Main Line.
Welsh boxer Andrew Selby will make his professional debut in Cardiff on Saturday, 20 March, against fellow Welshman Chris Norman.
Glasgow Warriors lost to Northampton Saints in the Champions Cup quarter-finals at Scotstoun.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Sheffield United moved out of the League One relegation zone with a comfortable win over Chesterfield.
A conference is being held in Snowdonia this weekend to discuss the meaning of place names.
Labour has launched its Welsh general election campaign with five pledges.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympics, including four in the women's single sculls.
A judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of an investigation into allegations of historical child sex abuse.
Japanese author Kazuo Yanagihara and American author James McCarthy have been shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
A senior Anglican chaplain has resigned after reading passages from the Koran during a service at a Glasgow cathedral.
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions he is being held in a maximum security prison.
Phil Mickelson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Sources close to Jeremy Corbyn and the Unite union are trying to point the finger at the party's deputy leader for leaking a draft manifesto.
A drug that boosts the build-up of amyloid in the brain may be on the verge of being approved for use in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, a study suggests.
Foyle MLA John McCann has called for the attorney general, John Larkin, to leave.
A former reality TV star has admitted attacking a complainer at a Glasgow supermarket after she criticised his work.
Atletico Madrid secured their first La Liga title of the season as they held Barcelona to a draw at the Nou Camp.
A port on the Cromarty Firth is being used for the construction of a wind farm in the Moray Firth.
A man has been imprisoned in Finland for the murder of his long-term partner in the Arctic.
A pioneering physicist who helped the Allies in World War Two has been honoured in Swansea.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been documenting his journey through life in a series of photographs.
The Woodland Trust has called for more trees to be planted in the UK.
The Afghan government says it has freed 110 police officers who were trapped by Taliban militants at a base in the north-eastern province.
Welsh folk music is celebrating its 30th anniversary in Cardiff Bay.
There has been a rise in the number of patients discharged from critical care units in Wales, according to a new report.
Former Swansea City boss Jimmy Swans has joined Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi civilians who were held captive by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
Police in Spain have arrested two women in connection with a flashmob in a seaside town in the north-eastern region of Catalonia on Tuesday.
Who are the best World Cup teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has struck Nepal, officials say.
The chief executive of a health body in Wales has been suspended over concerns over media coverage of a report by the OECD.
Pope Benedict XVI has formally recognised the independence of the Knights of Malta in a Mass in Rome.
The actress who played Gretl in Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music has died at the age of 91.
A man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in the US for hacking into the servers of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
What do you think about the top three predictions for the 2017 Formula 1 season?
The chief constable of Surrey Police, Cressida Owens, has been accused of "moral cowardice" over her handling of child protection concerns.
A patient has been found dead at a hospital in Cumbria.
Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Rhys North says he is determined to keep scoring tries in Wales' World Cup warm-up game against Italy in Cardiff.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen has been released, the French government says.
A second strike by Caledonian MacBrayne staff in a dispute over a new contract has been called off.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" after reaching the World Twenty20 semi-finals.
At least 104 people have been killed in floods and landslides in the north-eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of links to so-called Islamic State (IS) in connection with a series of raids.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been charged with breaching the Football Association's betting rules.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested after a Turkish Airlines flight from Istanbul to London was diverted to Istanbul.
Blackpool chairman David Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a supporter who claimed he was threatened with a gun by the club's chairman.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
A hotel which was placed under administration in Aberdeen has been put up for sale.
Andre Ward will defend his WBO and IBF light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Planned cuts to legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk harming a system of fair justice, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's inner circle has died at the age of 87.
Ospreys moved up to second in the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Ulster at Kingspan Stadium.
An investigation has been launched after a fire at one of the UK's deepest mines left seven workers injured.
A woman has told a court she hid abuse she suffered as a child from her abuser because she felt "dirty and ashamed".
Essex and Glamorgan will meet in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals in Cardiff on Saturday after both sides made changes to their squads.
The UK's three Brexit ministers have begun a series of trips to the US and Australia ahead of the next round of trade talks.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lancashire, police have said.
In the fields around Pisky in the east of the Ukrainian city of Donetsk there was a lull.
Cardiff Devils are not the bad guys for having to play two games in a row the night before the Challenge Cup final, says head coach Steve Kelman.
Singer Phil Collins has been forced to postpone two concerts in London after suffering a cut on his eye.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in a street attack.
World Snooker's governing body has voted to allow the Shoot Out Championship to be counted as a ranking event.
Olympic dressage champion Lizzie Dujardin will compete in the Olympia Puissance high-jump competition on Wednesday, 16 December, BBC Sport has announced.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury for trainer Frankie Dettori.
The Ayotzinapa University students have been missing for more than a year.
The National Theatre's director Peter Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week at the Isle of Man TT qualifying session on Thursday evening.
All around you you can see is a green field, a lush green field and a patch of blue sky.
A Dorset restaurant chain has gone into administration with the loss of 70 jobs.
More than £4m worth of cocaine has been seized in a drugs raid in Newport.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a student by dangerous driving after she was hit by a car.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract which would allow them to work longer hours.
The RSPCA is to review the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Cornwall, the BBC has learned.
Volkswagen has said it will resume production at two of its plants in Germany after a court ordered it to resume deliveries to two suppliers.
Young people's bus passes would be given to older people until they are 18, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said.
Claudio Bravo hit a century as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced by the European Commission.
Doctors, nurses and care homes across the UK are preparing for a busy Christmas Day.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was fourth fastest in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Pirelli brought a soft tyre to the track.
The family of an Iraq director who was found dead in a toilet at a Turkish airport have said they are "deeply sceptical" about initial reports.
England women captain Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the rest of the Women's Six Nations with a knee injury.
A former BBC radio DJ has told a court he became "wholly obsessed" with his ex-girlfriend after she accused him of sexually abusing boys.
Britain's Chris Froome leads Alberto Contador and Richie Porte in the Criterium du Dauphine standings.
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline beat Falkirk to go top of the Scottish Championship.
The Electoral Commission has published a booklet urging people to register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten glacier in the Antarctic could lose up to 2.7cm of ice by the end of the century if it continues to shrink, a study suggests.
When President Richard Nixon fired the head of the FBI in the early hours of the morning of 20 October, 1973, there was a feverish reaction in Washington.
A worker has claimed he was exposed to radioactive material while working on a platform in the North Sea.
A man has been jailed for 16 years for the manslaughter of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 13,500 migrants have died after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of a British woman shot dead in South Africa four years ago say they are still waiting for justice.
England's hopes of winning the one-day series against Sri Lanka were dealt a blow as rain forced the abandonment of the match at Bristol.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Priddle looks at the future of devolution in Nottinghamshire.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after manager Lee Robinson was racially abused by a Charlton supporter during a pre-season friendly.
Hibernian thrashed Bonnyrigg Rose to reach the second round of the Scottish Cup.
Scotland have signed South African centre George Jones on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at a ceremony in York.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, says England and Wales Cricket Board director of cricket Steve Read.
The Queen of Sealand has died at the age of 89 after a long battle with pirates.
A group of Ukulele players have won a legal battle with a German-based group.
Plans to introduce a multiplication check on 11-year-olds' times tables in England are to go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has said.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan that killed at least 12 people.
Crusaders have signed former Londonderry Rovers midfielder Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal.
"We used to grow oil from trees in the Amazon rainforest," said Dedel, a member of the Seeds of the Forest project.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead striker James Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club.
A huge online archive of video games has been set up in the US.
MSPs have backed a bill which would allow same-sex couples to marry in churches.
More than £100m has been stolen from TalkTalk customers in India, according to three whistleblowers.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Scotland's economy has suffered a "lost decade" under the SNP, according to the country's economy minister.
A woman in Edinburgh has become the first in the UK to have her ovary re-implanted after cancer treatment.
A man who spent 22 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania has written his own book about his life.
British number one Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric to reach the quarter-finals of the Marseille Open.
There's a lot to watch out for in the House of Commons this week.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force needs more officers.
Curtis has been at Swansea City for more than 40 years.
Liverpool's Emre Can scored his first goal of the season as they beat Manchester City at Vicarage Road.
A study is to be carried out in Scotland to see if it can prevent the development of type-1 diabetes.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
India's biggest e-commerce site, Flipkart, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in funding from the US Federal Reserve.
The government has rejected a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the process of leaving the EU without the approval of Parliament.
Greek police are investigating an alleged attack on a right-wing MP by members of the far-right Golden Dawn party.
Dundee-based Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut costs by 20% by the end of 2016.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has said he is "let down" by the way Team Sky has been portrayed by the media following an investigation into a possible doping package.
A protest has been held in Liverpool against plans to set an illegal budget.
A north-west London school is to close with the loss of a post-16 education provider, it has been announced.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is in "the frame" for selection for the British and Irish Lions.
Scientists have stitched a protein on to the hearts of people who have suffered a heart attack.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not rush into a new contract for midfielder Peter Whittingham.
The BBC Proms is one of the world's most prestigious orchestras, and this year's line-up is no exception.
Former US President Barack Obama is to visit Ireland, the Irish ambassador to the Republic of Ireland has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he would prefer to be "more than perfect" than Paul Pogba because of the pressure on him.
A cancer research team in Belfast has launched a trial in women with cervical cancer.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Canada if they are to qualify for the 2018 finals.
The earliest evidence of human occupation of the Americas dates back 130,000 years, according to a new study.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce will make his debut for a non-league club on Saturday.
The United Nations says it would be "impossible" for the organisation to continue its peacekeeping operations.
A man who died after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire has been named by police.
Children under 11 in England do not have the freedom to go out alone in their local neighbourhoods, according to a survey.
Six police officers have been placed on administrative leave after a man's fingers were severed while in custody.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved out of the Scottish Premiership relegation zone with a comfortable win over Caley Thistle.
More than £2bn in unpaid child maintenance arrears has been reported to the government.
Russell Brand has been criticised for tweeting his mobile number and email address to a Daily Mirror reporter.
Israel's general election campaign is one of the most intense in the country's history.
Aberdeen have agreed a deal with Lloyds Bank to wipe out £9m of their bank debt.
A Chinese appeals court has reduced the jail term of a prominent journalist convicted of leaking state secrets.
The number of adult mental patients placed out of care in Cornwall should be cut by 2020/21, a coroner has said.
Jurgen Klopp says his new Liverpool job is the "most interesting job in world football".
The amount of rubbish dumped on beaches in the UK has risen by more than a fifth in the past year, a conservation charity has said.
Portsmouth defender Tom Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
James Graham has said he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum.
Celebrity Big Brother drew an average audience of 2.3 million viewers in its 21:00 BST timeslot on Thursday night.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
US President Barack Obama has said he will not seek re-election if he wins the White House.
The world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have reached a settlement over the collapse of a dam in Brazil last year.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for baggage bins on its 737 aircraft that it says will reduce headspace for taller passengers.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
A 52-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences, the Metropolitan Police has said.
England batsman Tom Latham and Liam Steel hit centuries as Durham struggled on day one against Durham at Headingley.
League Two side Crawley Town have signed striker Ryan Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and brought in ex-Portsmouth striker Chris Jones on a season-long loan.
The political and economic going in the UK has been pretty good.
Two police officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in Belfast in 1992 have been granted anonymity.
A national review of first aid training for nursery staff in England is to be carried out, the government has said.
More than 5,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales in the second half of 2016, according to official figures.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic in straight sets to win the Wimbledon men's singles title.
A woman who told her husband she would end his marriage if he did not quit his heroin addiction has been jailed for two years.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Victor Ogogo has signed a new contract with the League One club.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage five of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the race.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
A sinkhole has opened up in a residential street, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England are "far off" in their one-day international series against India, says former captain Graeme Swann.
Hundreds of jobs are to be axed at a careers advice and information service in Wales, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain's women's team won silver in the mixed-team event at the European Swimming Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Juan Zuniga on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Chancellor George Osborne has said he has reached a deal with all government departments over spending cuts.
Daniel Craig has said he "could leap out of a chair without fear of losing a tooth" during his time as James Bond.
Chris Northeast hit an unbeaten century as Essex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Chelmsford.
Quebec's Muslim community is still reeling from the shooting of nine people at a mosque in the province on Monday.
ITV has said it is "fully prepared" to maintain an open dialogue with union representatives following a vote to strike over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Mott says the club must improve a "helluva lot" if they are to avoid relegation from the One-Day Cup.
Former home secretary Nick Clegg has said: "England and Wales have the highest incarceration rate per head of the population in Western Europe."
A woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in Norfolk.
Global governments are failing to recognise the severity of the threat posed by climate change, a UN report says.
So what is the chancellor doing with this £23bn windfall that he has found at the back of the sofa?
Tata Steel is considering mothballing its Shotton plant in Newport, a union has said.
Dozens of greyhound puppies have been found in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia.
Falkirk defender Tony Houston says speculation linking him with a move to Sunderland is "100% speculation".
Paul Daniels was one of the UK's most successful street confidence tricksters.
Rail passengers have been paid more than £2m in compensation for disruption over the past three years, figures show.
Police investigating the murder of a pensioner have said they have already heard from more than 220 people.
One of Australia's most senior politicians has revealed that he is suffering from depression.
A Breckland council has approved plans to cut the amount of time it takes to have a cigarette.
A student has described the "inhumane" moment a gunman opened fire on a concert hall in Nottingham.
England's hopes of winning the Ashes were dealt a blow as they were bowled out for 263 on day four of the second Test in Melbourne.
An Australian woman who died after drinking a cup of coffee in Indonesia has been named by police.
Nottingham Forest striker Jonny Burke's £13m move to German side RB Leipzig is a "massive step" forward, according to former Scotland defender John McGovern.
The husband of a woman who was found dead in her flat has been remanded in custody.
Sri Lanka's media minister has said a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire outside a shrine in the capital, Colombo, was planning to kill himself.
Japanese firm Hitachi has agreed to buy a nuclear power venture in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said the party can no longer turn to the "big beasts" to lead it forward.
Jurassic World has topped the US and Canada box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of smuggling cocaine worth more than A$350 per gram into the country.
Neymar scored twice as Sevilla came from behind to beat Barcelona at the Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium.
Police have appealed for information after a number of items were stolen from a property in Lockerbie.
Samuel L. Harris's performance at the Oscars was one of the most memorable moments of the night.
The UK's departure from the World Trade Organization (WTO) could have a significant impact on the UK's trade relationship with the EU.
Action Man has been 50 years old for the first time.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the University of Bristol's Great Hall.
Engineers have developed a 3D printing system that mimics the dynamics of liquid "ropes".
Roger Federer beat Richard Gasquet in straight sets to win the French Open for the first time in his career.
A number of motorways have been closed in parts of Scotland due to snow and ice.
Blackpool and Wycombe played out a goalless draw in League Two.
A man has been discharged from hospital after being shot in the leg in Londonderry.
A mother and her two-year-old son have been arrested after their car crashed into a ditch in the US state of Florida.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was taken to hospital with serious injuries in Edinburgh.
A memorial service has been held for a US airman who died in a plane crash in 1945.
One of the most conservative members of the US Supreme Court, Justice Clarence Thomas, has asked a question about gun laws.
The US Supreme Court has ruled that a gay rights group can challenge a ban on same-sex marriage in California.
The finance secretary has been criticised by MSPs for refusing to hand over detailed planning information ahead of the Scottish government's Autumn Statement.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has stepped down after four years in charge of the county.
Thousands of people have taken part in a wrestling competition to raise money for charity.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have appealed for information about the shooting.
Ross Kemp is to return to EastEnders to play Barbara Mitchell, who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Nine police officers in Northern Ireland are suing the owners of stolen cars, the BBC has learned.
A woman who bit a postman in the leg while he was delivering mail in Dumfries has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction.
"V vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
A memorial service has been held in Paris to mark the 130th anniversary of the Paris attacks.
A Conservative MSP has resigned from his seat to stand in a by-election in the Borders.
At least two people have been killed in a train crash in the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
Google has released a new version of its Earth map.
A golfer has been injured after being grabbed by a crocodile on the 11th hole of a golf course.
Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday to reflect its diversity.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market has continued to fall, according to a new report.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of having a "cunning plan" to deal with the "tough situations" of Brexit.
Warner Bros has confirmed that the sequel to Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be a sequel.
The operator of the original Silk Road drug marketplace has been sentenced to life in prison.
A fox cub has been found wrapped up in a blanket at a wildlife centre in Inverness.
Junichi Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
The Nobel Prize-winning Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.
A newspaper has said it was not allowed to film the Prime Minister's visit to Cornwall because it was "20th Century".
Police are investigating the deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow.
Ian King's consortium has been voted out of the Rangers board after a shareholders' meeting in London.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When Gemma Foster was first cast in BBC One drama Doctor Foster, she was "embarrassed" by the show's portrayal of her ex-partner.
Racism in football in Wales has been reported to the Football Association of Wales for the past five years.
An acting head teacher has admitted making indecent images of children at a primary school.
Vietnam has accused China of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have taken part in a pink dot rally in Singapore's capital, Singapore.
The Bank of England's decision to leave the European Union is likely to have a negative impact on the UK economy.
Insects thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl.
Indonesian authorities say they have rescued 469 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh who were stranded at sea.
A rail company has been banned from operating trains on the National Network following a series of safety incidents.
It was a "big Budget" - a big, big mess, a big mess.
Kia has been named the world's most reliable car brand.
A child migrant called Safid has told Newsround he wants to come to the UK.
Leading figures from Northern Ireland's political parties have been reacting to the election results.
A record number of hate crimes were reported to Canadian police in 2015, according to official figures.
Ferrari driver Francesco Bianchi has died at the age of 31 after a crash with a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix.
Five candidates have been elected to represent London in the general election.
The UK abolishing Air Passenger Duty would be an "advantage" for airlines operating in Northern Ireland, according to the chief executive of Bombardier.
A man has died in a crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Shortening the length of DNA in blood cancers could be a key factor in their survival, a study at Cardiff University has suggested.
A cyclist has been killed in a crash with a lorry at a junction in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US judge has ruled that the national women's football team is not eligible to strike over pay.
A dog seized by the government in Germany has been allowed to enter the UK, the BBC has learned.
BBC Northern Ireland broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Public Producers' Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft announced the launch of the Xbox One X at E3 last year, it was described as “the most exciting piece of consumer technology in history”.
A sex offender who was jailed for six months for breaching his licence has won an interim injunction against Facebook.
When Halle Berry was nominated for the best actress Oscar in 1985, it was probably one of the lowest professional moments of her career.
A British man has been living in the French port city of Calais for more than a year.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate the governance of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Vilani Dhillon has pulled out of this year's Strictly Come Dancing because of injury.
William Hague has called for a "new and strong international agreement" on how to tackle the growing threat of Sunni militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will leave Napoli at the end of the season unless he meets the release clause of his contract, a club source has told the BBC.
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill that would require companies to certify their gender pay programmes.
Nigeria's government has been accused of "indifference" to the mass abduction of 276 schoolgirls.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A boiler owner has been refused permission to take legal action against the government over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be cut by up to 4p, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside the Henley Royal Regatta in Reading.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a two-year deal.
Bilkis Bano, a woman from the western Indian state of Gujarat, has been fighting for justice for more than a decade.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players he would never speak about his side's "high-intensity" draw with Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is "surprised" by the number of people who have contracted HIV in the UK.
More than 1,000 EU citizens have been sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says he wants to sign defender Bailey Wright on a free transfer.
China has confirmed it has deployed missiles on two disputed islands in the South China Sea, US media report.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said Europe must "take its destiny into its own hands" after US President Donald Trump said climate change was "on the way out".
In the wake of the Queen's decision to grant women a day's extra 'holiday' per month just for being a female, the BBC's Lothian Thompson has been asked what she thinks about the idea.
The chancellor has defended the introduction of a new tax on apprenticeships, saying it would help boost the skills of small firms.
Two Conservative MPs have been awarded £40,000 in libel damages after a former MP claimed he was sexually abused by his constituents.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a strike to protest against the result of last week's presidential election.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a large wildfire broke out in Woodbury, Somerset.
For many people, a holiday is a chance to relax and enjoy the company of friends and family.
Greece's caretaker Prime Minister Evangelos Papademos has been taken to hospital after a car bomb exploded in Athens, reports say.
A number of police officers have been injured in an attack in County Down.
Aidan O'Brien won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Epsom.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by police in the US state of Louisiana has described the incident as "the most disturbing thing I've seen".
Scientists in Canada have implanted GPS trackers in the skin of slugs.
Denmark reached the Women's Euro 2017 final for the first time in their history with a 3-0 extra-time win over Austria.
The remains of a girl thought to be the first Native American to live in the Americas have been discovered in California.
President Donald Trump has offered an explanation for his decision to declassify classified intelligence from the Washington Post.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must be "professional" if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Chemical samples from Syria are being sent to "designated laboratories" across the world for analysis.
Scientists have developed smart glasses which they say could help blind and partially sighted people find their way around.
A US-Iranian journalist has gone on trial in Tehran on charges of espionage, the first such case in the country's history.
Two pairs of sand martins have been discovered nesting in a quarry on the Isle of Wight.
The reintroduction of sea otters to southern California in the 20th Century may have exacerbated the problem of nutrient pollution in the water, a study suggests.
A man with locked-in syndrome has launched a legal challenge to the right to die in England and Wales.
A man who smuggled drugs into Northern Ireland in a wheelie bin has been jailed.
More than 1,000 infants died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965, the Irish justice minister has said.
When Thommo Nicholl's Raith Rovers beat Celtic on penalties to win the Scottish Cup, it was a moment that will forever be etched into the history of Scottish football.
Physical education should be made a core part of the curriculum in schools in Wales, according to a report.
The parents of Charlie Gard have asked the High Court to decide whether he should be allowed to die.
Schools in England should include outdoor learning in their curriculum, a report has said.
Lancashire have appointed former England head coach Peter Moores as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
A cricket fan who donated £4.10 to a charity after Alex Hales' unbeaten century in the third Test against England has been refunded.
A memorial to a teenager who died in the River Thames is to be installed in a park in Bath.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been described as "The Group of Death".
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped in Singapore has said he will not have any objection if a new anti-rape law is named after her.
The war on drugs is at a standstill, according to the UN's Global Commission on Drug Policy.
The RSPB has delayed the opening of two new nature reserves in Somerset after a river over-topped the marsh.
Police have said they are "disappointed" at the number of raptor nests found in a National Forest estate in the Highlands.
A serving Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences, including manufacturing explosives, making devices and storing them in barrels in England and Northern Ireland.
Welsh brewery Brains has announced plans to open a chain of coffee shops in south Wales and the south west of England.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from La Liga side Real Madrid on a two-year deal.
A man has been jailed for eight years for punching and kicking a fellow scooter club member to death.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Malachi O'Doherty looks at the political crisis in Northern Ireland.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has cut its forecast for oil demand in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman would be "hard for Chris Coleman to turn down" if he was offered a Premier League contract, says Football Association of Wales chief executive Gareth Roberts.
More than half of the world's adults over 60 are living in poverty, according to a new report.
Derby County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack White on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Lupita Nyong'o has confirmed he will star in the new Black Panther film.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in West Lothian.
Four men have appeared in court charged with conspiring to smuggle cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m into the Republic of Ireland.
A man has been jailed for eight years for murdering a pensioner in Glasgow.
The father of a reservist who died while taking part in a heat exhaustion test has told an inquest it was not in his son's thought process to stop the exercise.
Shaker Aamer, the last British detainee to be held in Guantanamo Bay, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side "look frightened and scared" after their Europa League exit.
(Close): Shares in savings and savings provider Danske Bank fell more than 10% after it reported a fall in annual profits.
U2 frontman Bono has paid tribute to Dennis Sheehan, who died at a hotel in Los Angeles on Wednesday night.
Tom Shankland scored twice as Ballymena United came from behind to beat Livi Town.
Former Northern Ireland footballer Mark McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be available for Euro 2016 because his wife had a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two Rabobank traders have been charged in the US with conspiring to manipulate the Libor interest rate.
Chelsea Ladies secured a 1-0 win over Glasgow City in the first leg of their Women's Champions League first qualifying round tie.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) has said it is "confident" coach Aleksandar Sredojevic will receive all his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only person who has not spelled out how she would be different from Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to the president of Taiwan, the White House has said.
Harvard University is considering changing its name to "master" in protest at its use of the word "master".
Portugal reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a 2-1 win over Australia in Moscow.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have begun dismantling shacks and tents set up by drug addicts who have fled into neighbouring streets.
Martin McGuinness is to visit Belgium to mark the centenary of World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his side are not good enough to compete for the Premier League title this season.
Many Clouds, the winner of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Gold Cup, has died after suffering a pulmonary haemorrhage.
It's that time of year again when the transfer window closes.
Plans to cut the number of Army reservists by 30,000 by 2019 have been criticised by former senior military figures.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he was not thinking his team were "perfect, unbeatable" when they started the season.
Russia manager Fabio Capello has been offered a new contract to stay in charge until the 2018 World Cup.
A British conservationist has called on the European Commission to clamp down on illegal spring hunting in Malta.
A 15-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Birmingham.
One of Scotland's oldest audio companies is proposing to make 70 staff redundant at its manufacturing and office facility in Coatbridge.
Eddie Evans scored his first goal for West Brom as they came from behind to beat Stoke and reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
Oxford's main pedestrian route through the city centre is to be closed as part of a "credible, agreed plan", a bus company has said.
McDonald's has been accused of abusing its dominant market position in franchised restaurants in Europe.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
When Tony Blair announced his plans to tackle terrorism in the run-up to the general election, it was a huge shock.
Swansea City's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League were dealt a blow as they were beaten by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Bradford Bulls have failed in their bid to secure a new deal to keep the club in the Super League.
Human remains have been found in the search for missing woman Louise Tiffney 15 years ago.
Scott Jamieson and Thomas Bjork are one shot off the lead after the second round of the Nedbank Championship in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced that the US will withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A 15-year-old girl has won a cake award for making a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake.
Amnesty International has accused the European Union of "sugar-coating the cyanide pill" over a deal to send all irregular migrants back to Turkey.
The Department of Justice has paid compensation to eight former Catholic school pupils who were injured in sectarian violence in north Belfast.
The German state of Bavaria is to publish a new edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, 70 years after his death.
A primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a boiling hot water pipe burst.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y English Defence Secretary Carwyn Jones.
Brazilian side Corinthians have ruled out signing Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez.
It has been a year since the death of the frontman of French rock band Noir Desir.
Geraint Thomas sy'n parhau ar frig y tabl ar sail amser ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has landed in Honolulu to mark the 75th anniversary of the 1945 attack on a US naval base in Hawaii.
The UCI has opened disciplinary proceedings against Team Sky after a rider was accused of racially abusing a rival in the final stage of the Tour de France.
Young people are being offered "smart drugs" or "cognitive enhancers" at university, the UK's drugs watchdog has warned.
The European Union (EU) has said it is considering sending troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) to help stabilise the country.
St Mirren have signed Scotland Under-20 striker James Clarkson on a two-year deal.
Atletico Madrid moved to within a point of La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win over Valencia.
The Wales Under-20 team have arrived in Cardiff ahead of Euro 2016.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial game against Manchester United on Saturday will be streamed live on the BBC Sport website.
Egypt's controversial new constitution has dominated the front pages of most of the country's newspapers.
Myanmar's military says it has found no evidence of sabotage or engine failure after a light aircraft crashed during a routine flight.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle thousands of counterfeit medicines into the UK.
It's been a busy week for the papers.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in the world.
Two people have been arrested after a man was killed when he was hit by a car in Kent.
Three bears have been caught on camera pawing at a strange object at a safari park in California.
Historic Scotland has put a number of battlefields in Scotland on its list of historic sites.
Derry City manager Joey Barton has said he was "horrified" by the reaction to Brendan Rogers' lip injury in Sunday's Division 2 win over Tyrone.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes as heavy rain continues to cause flooding in parts of England.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for shooting Donald Trump in a parody video.
The first of 11 giant floating wind turbines has been moved into place off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his golf swing is in "good shape" after recovering from a back injury.
Newsweek, the US news magazine, has unveiled its final front cover, with the hashtag #lastprint.
Russia's economy has contracted for the first time this year, according to official figures.
The minimum term for killing a police officer should be increased to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The campaign for the UK to leave the European Union will be focusing on the south Wales valleys and north Wales.
A man has been jailed for five years for robbing a post office in Glasgow.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Denny.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has been ruled out of the 2018 World Cup in Brazil because of a knee injury.
HMS Ocean, the Royal Navy's amphibious assault ship, is to be withdrawn from service, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The UK economy is set to suffer a "severe loss of momentum" in the second half of this year, according to the EY Item Club.
League One side Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Mason and Chelsea defender James Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour's "settlement for business" is a "sound investment not only for the common good of the country".
The former commissioner of the Irish police, Michael Callinan, has been cleared of corruption by a report into the force's handling of complaints against him.
The number of people being held at Brook House removal centre in London has risen by more than a third in the past five years, a report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side are in "pretty good shape" ahead of their Six Nations opener against Ireland on Saturday.
When I arrived at the Scottish Open last week, I was greeted with an enthusiastic welcome.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he will appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in his side's FA Cup win over Peterborough.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car on the M4 in Staffordshire.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants a "tight squad" for next season.
Children are being warned about the dangers of downloading the mobile app Minecraft.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death with a car.
International students from outside the UK make a "major economic impact" on Scotland, according to accounting firm PwC.
Derry City held on to earn their first win over Harps in the All-Ireland Football qualifier at Finn Park.
More than 80,000 new secondary school places will be needed in England by the end of the school year, councils have warned.
A new road linking Cardiff Bay and the east of the city is to open later.
At dawn on Thursday, security forces stormed the Giza mosque in the Egyptian capital, Cairo.
Actress Vicky McClure has said she was "mortified" when she was thrown off a tram named after her for fare evasion.
Lily Allen has said she was made to feel like a "nuisance" by a stalker who stalked her for years.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire and rescue services to be integrated.
A Dumfries and Galloway food factory is to receive £1.5m in investment to boost its production capacity.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association following violent scenes at the 2013 Uefa European Under-21 Championship play-off.
Johnny Depp has been accused by his management team of failing to live within his means.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the team's new director of cricket.
The head of the Church in Wales has said he was "not against organ donation at all".
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be central to the debate on devolution.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Craig Quigley scored twice as TNS comfortably beat Livi to move into the Scottish Championship play-off places.
A council has announced plans to increase council tax by 15% in a bid to save £450m from its annual budget.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said he will lift a ban on the activities of firms linked to Somalia-based banks.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the National League after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
A Russian submarine has been tracked by two anti-submarine ships near the Syrian port of Latakia, the Russian military says.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Ibrox.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the first time.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK and Ireland singles chart.
Up to 20,000 Syrians have been displaced by the conflict in Syria, the UN says, as Turkey closes its border with Russia.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash in the north-western state of Veracruz.
Kenya's presidential and parliamentary elections have been held in the capital, Nairobi, five years after violence marred the country's first general election.
Celtic and Linfield have agreed to switch the dates of their Champions League second-round qualifiers.
The runway at Belfast International Airport is to be closed for up to two weeks as part of a major refurbishment.
A man has been left in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the leg by police.
The mayor of Bristol has paid tribute to Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 87.
Derby County have signed Hull City midfielder Tom Davies for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has emerged in the UK and the world, but how do they get people reading?
Former Ireland rugby star Michael Wallace has been cleared of harassing his wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed England Under-20 international prop Nic White and Jersey prop Nic Freeman on two-year deals.
Burundi, one of Africa's poorest countries, is one of the world's most stable democracies.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients who were treated like animals in a Denbighshire hospital.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan does not step down as Scotland manager.
Merseyrail workers are to stage a second strike in a row with the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, it has been announced.
Korean singer-songwriter Khaled Sayeed has performed in the Afghan capital, Kabul, despite death threats.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after being stopped by police on the M4 in Newmarket.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City winger Danny Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Liam Raggett's first-half goal earned Dover victory over Welling to move them out of the National League relegation zone.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday, with Wal-Mart among the biggest fallers.
More than 150 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland in the past four months.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of shooting dead a group of nudists on a beach in the north-eastern city of Porto-Vecchio.
Chinese blogger and fashion designer Zhang Xiaochuan has become the latest celebrity to raise awareness of the importance of shaving.
A former Wales rugby player has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest after tests showed he had abnormal blood readings.
At least 80 people have been arrested in Egypt over the transfer of two uninhabited islands to Saudi Arabia, officials say.
Sports Direct, the owner of the Shirebrook distribution centre, has warned that the fall in the value of the pound against the dollar will have a negative impact on its results.
Ed Sheeran has driven for the first time on a race track in the new series of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage has been given his own nightly TV show in the US.
Plans to cut waiting times for heart surgery in Wales are "not being met", surgeons have warned.
A former Koran teacher has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting four girls at a Cardiff mosque.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Czech Open in Prague with a straight-set win.
The discovery of a sunken ship in the sea off the coast of Kenya marks the start of a new era for Zheng He, the founder of the Ming dynasty.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see Oliver Griffiths join the British and Irish Lions.
Formula 1 has announced it will end its contract to hold the British Grand Prix at Silverstone after 2019.
Charles Dickens' writing desk and chair have been bought by a National Heritage Memorial Fund.
An Egyptian court has suspended the formation of a constitutional committee to draft a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which says players must not reveal undergarments that show political, religious, personal slogans or images.
What do you do if you're a porker?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its investigation into Apple over allegations of tax avoidance.
Great Britain's women have named four players in their squad for the Rio Olympics.
Plans to revamp town centres in north Wales have been given a boost by the Welsh government.
MPs have launched a new website for people to sign petitions to Parliament.
J Craig Venter has died at the age of 90.
A hospital trust has declared a "black alert" over an outbreak of norovirus.
Great Britain's men reached the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a bonus-point win over Japan.
Theresa May's announcement that she will not seek re-election as prime minister of the UK leaves the EU has been interpreted as a warning to the rest of the EU.
A County Londonderry man has admitted raping and sexually assaulting a woman he kept in a "house of horrors".
The Scottish government has announced a £10m fund to train those made redundant by the oil and gas industry.
Plans for a £1m cycling facility in Pembrey have been approved by the Welsh Government.
A security guard has been hit by a car during a robbery outside a supermarket in Glasgow.
Celtic Energy has agreed to help pay for restoration of two coal mines in Wales, the company's chief executive has said.
Mae'r tân wedi llwyr ddiffodd ymhellach gan storm Doris ddydd Sadwrn.
Jose Mourinho's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in defeat as his side were comprehensively beaten by Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
When Channel 4's soap opera Skins was launched last year, it was a huge success.
Police Scotland has defended its decision to only deploy specialist armed officers to firearms incidents, MSPs have heard.
In Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland there is a strange relationship between the lender and the borrower.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with rape after a teenage girl was allegedly raped in a park.
Robert Carlyle is to direct his first feature at the Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new osprey has laid her first egg at a wildlife reserve in the Highlands.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has said Britain would have "zero" influence if it was not part of the EU.
Oil giant BP has said that global energy consumption has slowed to its lowest level in more than a decade.
An inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes to their families is to be held before the general election.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may not play for the rest of the season, says head coach Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Carlisle United manager Paul Curle says he is ready to "move on" from the club if the club can't match his ambition.
Gwynedd council has said it will continue to work with mapping agencies to ensure the correct names are used on maps.
A Dorset backpacker has been reported missing in Thailand.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "a terrible insult" to people who work "day in, day out" to save lives in Wales.
Higher education in Northern Ireland is facing "critical decisions", according to the head of Queen's University in Belfast.
Dog walkers in a Gloucestershire town have been fined for walking up to five dogs in two packs.
Victims of the Kincora boys' home in Belfast have begun a judicial review of the government's handling of the child abuse scandal.
Two British tourists who were missing in Nepal for more than a week have been found safe and well.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have been promoted to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time, says head coach Mark Clements.
Owen MacNiallais scored two goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh to reach the Ulster Football Championship semi-finals.
Derby County manager Slavisa Jokanovic says Fulham striker Alex Martin will not be sent back to the club.
The Mubende gold mine in Uganda is one of the largest in the country's history.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned plans to achieve a budget surplus by 2020.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter is due to be sworn in at the annual congress in Zurich on Friday.
Three men have been jailed for life for punching a lecturer in the face during a burglary at his home.
Hull FC will play Leeds Rhinos in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
More than 1,000 taxi and private hire car drivers have been issued licences in Scotland in the past year, according to new figures.
Comedian John Cleese has received mixed reviews from critics ahead of his Alimony tour.
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Danny Macheda on loan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gertrude Stein looks at the business model used by people smugglers to smuggle migrants into the world.
A photographer has captured the spectacular display of the Aurora Borealis over Scotland.
A Sussex Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) has been jailed for six years for stealing Â£1,000 from passengers at Heathrow Airport.
Thousands of runners in Hong Kong have taken part in the city's first ultramarathon in more than a decade.
A Northamptonshire firm is to close its distribution centre in Pontyclun with the loss of 54 jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how technology is transforming the lives of young people in sub-Saharan Africa.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): Wall Street closed at a record high on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected.
There is a big difference between how many nurses and midwives are working in the NHS and how many are working on NHS wards.
Workers at the Thomas Austin store in Londonderry have described the "horrific" loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone network Three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges for people travelling abroad.
Thai police investigating the murder of a British woman and a man in Thailand say they have made "no progress" in their investigation.
Boris Johnson has said he will not run for the Tory leadership in the general election.
Virtual doctors in the UK are helping millions of people in sub-Saharan Africa to get better health care.
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death after being chased by a group of men in north Belfast have paid tribute to him.
When John Thirlwell first started his own chocolate business, he was thinking of making cocoa the hero.
The US military has carried out a sea burial of Osama Bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda, in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 index higher.
A County Louth farmer has appeared in court charged with tax evasion.
Small businesses in the UK will be given a tax break worth £1,000 a year, the chancellor has announced.
Wales winger Rhys Cuthbert will miss the rest of the season with a back injury, according to former Scarlets scrum-half Rhys James.
Nottinghamshire have signed South Africa all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
A new DNA profile has been discovered in the canal where a schoolgirl was last seen alive 21 years ago.
Charlton Athletic have signed midfielder Ryan McGinty on a season-long loan from Rotherham United.
British gymnast Adam Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a fall at the World Championships in London.
Israeli troops have fired tear gas and rubber bullets at Palestinians as they clashed with security forces near the Temple Mount mosque compound in Jerusalem.
Online travel booking service Booking.com has said it is seeking €356m (Â£370m) in damages from French tax authorities.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has said it is "disappointed" by plans to introduce a five-minute waiting time for its drivers in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans won stage 20 of the Tour de France for the first time in his career as he took the overall leader's yellow jersey.
Nigeria's army has detained more than 100 children suspected of being abducted by Boko Haram militants, the UN says.
Great Britain's Katie Murray missed out on automatic qualification for the women's team event at the European Championships after finishing ninth in the combined heats.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has offered to help federal workers hit by the government shutdown.
Taylor Swift's management company has been accused of "giving my work away for free" by a photographer.
A father who took his children on holiday during term time has launched a crowdfunding campaign to raise money for legal costs.
A Texas clerk has been accused of refusing to issue marriage licences to gay couples after the US Supreme Court ruled her faith prevented her from doing her job.
There are many countries in the world where the Paralympics are taking place.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been suspended by the PSNI and the Police Federation of Northern Ireland.
More than half of Scotland's councils have cut their spending on school crossing patrollers, according to new figures.
Japan's Nikkei index has fallen to a four-week low, as falling oil prices weighed on shares in Toshiba.
Transport for London (TfL) fares are to be frozen from 2020, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the pound is the right currency for Scotland.
An opal discovered in South Australia more than 100 years ago has gone on display for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on a mudbank off the coast of Kent has been the subject of much speculation.
Schools across the UK have been taking part in School Report's News Day for the first time.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "taking sides in current political arguments".
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor.
A robot that can tell you if a dish is any good has been developed in Bangkok.
Smacking is a "clear violation of children's human rights", according to a new report.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Paul Paver says Luke Chapman has taken the "bull by the horns" in his decision to sign him.
Newcastle extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory over Aston Villa.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton says he is in talks with Brendan Rodgers about the vacant Celtic manager's job.
A transgender woman who died at a prison wrote a letter saying she "didn't want to be here no more", her partner has said.
Thailand has been struck off by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to solve safety concerns.
Reviews of the Ghostbusters remake have been mixed, with some saying it is "a bit like the original".
A woman who died after a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay a surcharge on stamp duty from next year, the chancellor has announced in the Spending Review and Autumn Statement.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze on the M4 in the Highlands which closed the motorway for several hours.
The Eden Project has been awarded a £1m grant from the Natural History Museum.
A Celtic League group has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant on the Isle of Man.
Substitute Gianfranco Imbula scored twice as Stoke City thrashed Bournemouth to move back to the top of the Premier League.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child has criticised the way police handled the case.
Oldham Athletic have offered free entry to their League One game against Brentford on Saturday.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a French envoy on suspicion of raping a minor girl.
Britain's Katie Trott claimed her second gold medal of the World Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's scratch.
A man accused of attempting to murder a police officer has told a court he is "completely innocent" of the charge.
The US has carried out air strikes on Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man has been jailed for shining a laser pen at the cockpit of a police helicopter in Glasgow.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, according to official figures.
LeBron James has become the first player to score 10,000 career points for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two teenage girls.
A film has been made about the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich during World War Two.
An alphabetical chronology of key events:
Six members of Australia's swimming team have admitted taking a prescription drug known as Stilnox ahead of the Rio Olympics.
The funeral of Coronation Street writer Anthony Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, the former British colony of Fiji, is one of the world's most stable democracies.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" that a £10bn infrastructure deal with China has collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry.
Scotland's foreign minister, Lilja Alfreðsdóttir, has said she would like the UK to join the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been banned from taking part in regional elections.
Somerset made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire at Taunton.
South Africa's law reform commission has proposed removing Christmas from the holiday calendar.
A nativity doll has been stolen from a church nativity display in Glasgow.
Nigeria's main opposition party has lost control of most of the country's key oil-producing states, the electoral commission has said.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium in north Liverpool.
Carlitos Tevez has joined Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG for an undisclosed fee.
A court has issued a public nudity order for a man who has been jailed for refusing to get dressed in public places.
The trustees of Glasgow School of Art (GSA) have raised more than £500,000 to help the school's fundraising appeal.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they beat Middlesbrough.
Bristol head coach Paul Robinson has been suspended, not sacked, after the club's poor start to the season.
Mae'r asgellwr y Scarlets wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn ôl ymddangos am y 150fed tro i'r Scarlets.
When you think of "clouds", you might think of a cloud.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gertrude Stein looks at Iceland's economic recovery since the financial crisis.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during his visit to the island.
Last month, two journalists were shot dead in the Mexican capital, Tamaulipas.
Yum Brands, the parent company of US restaurant chain Yum, has reported a net profit for the three months to the end of September, helped by growth in China.
Northern Ireland is to host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games in the Bahamas.
US President Donald Trump has pulled out of a vote on his healthcare bill after the House of Representatives voted to withdraw it.
It's been a busy few days for the world of entertainment.
Leigh Day, the firm behind the Grenfell Tower fire, has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating a poster it placed on its wall in the wake of the fire.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison have risen since the last inspection, according to inspectors.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued by a group of people who say they were misled into paying $25 for admission.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has said she is a "progressive president who gets results" in the Iowa caucuses.
Alloa Athletic have signed former Dundee United boss Gary Ross as their new head coach.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" whether he will get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says defender Alfie Mawson can be "very good" at the club.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Kent have been branded as the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England".
Bog snorkelling has been added to the Winter Olympics in Denbighshire.
Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out a second independence referendum in 2017.
A Liverpool fan who tried to save a dying teenager at the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he was asked to change his statement.
A fire authority has been ordered to carry out a statutory inspection over allegations of "serious and persistent" infighting, the chief inspector of fire has said.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have risen after a week of volatility in China.
Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg set the pace in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge should be fully operational by the end of the festive season, the Scottish government's transport minister has said.
A hospital trust is being investigated by the health regulator over its financial performance.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found in a Dorset carriageway.
Former Channel 4 host Sandi Toksvig has said she would be a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows.
A Scottish man killed in a helicopter crash in Norway last month may have suffered a "catastrophic failure" of the main rotor system, an accident watchdog has said.
The number of town centres in the Scottish Borders increased last year, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence in England and Wales are to be offered one-to-one therapy to help them "reform" and avoid prison.
Wales wing Keelan Giles has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Anthony Joshua is "going after the man" Wladimir Klitschko ahead of their world heavyweight title fight, says former world champion Lennox Lewis.
Blackpool fans are taking legal action against the club over comments they made on a social media forum about the club.
A man who died after his car crashed in Shropshire has been named by police.
Derry beat Mayo 2-17 to 1-13 in extra time to reach the All-Ireland Football semi-finals.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says captain Stevie Smith has shown the courage to play through his injury problems.
Chaz Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike standings to five points with victory over Chaz Davies in Valencia.
Independent school students in England receive extra time in GCSE and A-level exams, figures show.
Rabbitohs full-back Sam Burgess has joined the New Zealand Giants on a two-year deal.
Doncaster kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a thumping 4-3 win at Stevenage.
Nepal's citizenship system discriminates against women, according to the United Nations.
Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat St Helens and move up to second in Super League.
Manchester United's final game at Old Trafford ended in defeat as West Ham ended in a goalless draw.
Germany will host the 2016 Grand Depart, the opening stage of road cycling's premier race.
A mental health commission has said it is "serious concern" about the care of dementia patients at a hospital in Edinburgh.
Eight people have been charged in connection with a multi-million pound prostitution ring, police have said.
A Guatemalan general has been shot dead while driving his car in the capital, Guatemala, officials say.
The Oscar-winning producer of the 1976 film Rocky has died at the age of 83.
Thousands of England fans have attended a World Cup commemorations to mark the 1966 World Cup final.
A new police unit is being set up in London to tackle online hate crimes, the mayor of London has announced.
If you use a Raspberry Pi to browse the internet more securely you may need to set up a virtual private network (VPN).
Danish brewer, Carlsberg, has reported a fall in sales in the first half of the year, compared with the same period last year.
The mother of missing toddler Ben Needham has said she is "more desperate than ever" to find him on the Greek island of Kos.
Drivers in the UK are to stage a series of strikes in a row over pensions, jobs and privatisation.
Carlisle and Cambridge played out a goalless draw in the League Two play-off semi-final first round.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The government has backed the reopening of Manston Airport in Kent.
At the University Hospital in Bambari, in the Central African Republic (CAR), Dr Joseph Bama and his colleagues were working through the night.
Britain's Carl Froch says he will retire from boxing at the end of the season.
The MP for Colchester, Peter Quince, has told BBC Essex that regional theatres deserve every penny they get.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Azores.
The Queen has said she will publish a revised version of the Wales Bill "as early as possible" in the parliamentary session.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Five men have gone on trial accused of conspiring to smuggle heroin worth £5m into the UK.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food, according to a survey.
A council has said it has had to place six children into residential care outside of Kent because of the migrant crisis.
Harlequins director of rugby Steve Hopley says England's top players deserve to be paid more money than ever.
A man who grew cannabis on a "moderate but commercial scale" has been jailed for eight years.
Authorities in Florida are searching for a venomous snake that has escaped from its owner's home.
Glenavon have been given a three-match touchline ban by the Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control their players.
Two men have died after their light aircraft crashed in a field.
Kent's hopes of clinching the Division Two title suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 183 on day one of their match against Northants.
Three al-Jazeera journalists have gone on trial in Egypt accused of spreading false news.
The Supreme Court is to hear a legal challenge to the UK government's rendition of a Libyan man and his wife.
A woman who applied for a new visa to travel to New Zealand has said she is still waiting for a reply from the UK Border Agency (UKBA).
A man who stabbed a Muslim man to death on a train has been cleared of attempted murder by reason of insanity.
A major road in the Highlands has been closed after heavy rain caused landslips.
The Welsh Government has expressed concern about plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios.
The Fab Four have topped the UK singles chart for the first time in more than 50 years, according to BBC Radio 2.
Britain's Mark Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a fractured leg in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Lady Warsi is one of the most powerful figures in the Conservative Party.
Novak Djokovic has been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Rio Olympics.
A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama in connection with the abduction of a man in Milan, Italian media report.
Mark Milkins says he felt under pressure after reaching the second round of the UK Championship for the first time in his career.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have carried out a search of properties in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final.
A new site has been found for a warehouse to store the Newport Ship.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been arrested on suspicion of assault.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the death of a coal miner by dangerous driving.
More than 1,000 unlicensed homes in Southampton are being illegally rented, a council has said.
A robot that can recognise the human voice is to be deployed in hospitals in Belgium and Liege, Germany.
Malnutrition is a big problem for the NHS in England and Wales.
The brother of a man killed in the Bloody Sunday massacre has called for a march by veterans to be banned in Londonderry.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing, promising to boost the country's manufacturing sector.
Ivory Coast's new national football federation (NFF) has approved the appointment of Keshi Kouyate as its new head coach.
Human remains believed to be those of missing mother-of-two Michelle Tiffney have been found in Fife.
Oldham Athletic manager Paul Robinson says the club's transfer embargo should be cleared by the end of the week.
A house has been damaged after a tipper truck crashed into it, damaging two gas cylinders.
Kris Nordtveit and Mehmet Elyounoussi scored twice as Northern Ireland lost 3-0 to Norway in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A 33-year-old man has been shot dead at a reggae party in Surrey.
David Cameron has signed a deal with the leaders of 27 EU member states to renegotiate the UK's membership.
A free youth travel scheme for young people in Wales has been extended by a year.
A woman who embezzled more than £600,000 from a North Sea oil and gas company has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
About 650 jobs are to be lost in Aberdeen and London as part of a global reorganization.
Online sellers could be targeted by the UK's tax authority as part of a crackdown on the "hidden economy".
Do you know how many hauls of gold you've seen in the UK?
A viral song about fusing a pen and a pineapple has gone viral in Japan.
A university lecturer has donated an organ to help save the life of a rugby player who collapsed and died.
Leicester City's unbeaten start to the Premier League season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were the pioneers of graffiti in New York in the 1980s.
The English Football Association and Uefa have been charged by the Lithuanian authorities over disorder at the Euro 2016 qualifier against England in Vilnius.
Newport County chief executive Mark Foxall says the club have a contract to use Rodney Parade.
Scottish golfer Mark Lawrie says he is going to have surgery on his foot this winter.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" on a website encouraging other men to masturbate has been jailed for three years.
The Irish embassy in the US has warned that The Quiet Man would be seen as a "rollicking farce" if it were to be taken completely at face value.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at a Bridgend industrial estate.
An Italian lawyer has been found dead in Australia, police say.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player David Flower.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A motorist has been reunited with his mobility scooter after being stopped by police on the M23.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre in South Sudan.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says Shay Logan's family situation was a factor in his decision to sign a new contract with the club.
A service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account amid criticism of his portrayal of female characters.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OLPC) has been awarded a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to develop a laptop for developing nations.
The US Copyright Office has approved new rules that allow car owners to modify software on their vehicles.
American Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a mild heart attack during the third round of the PGA Championship in Florida.
England's hopes of reaching the Women's World Twenty20 final were dealt a blow as they lost by nine wickets to Australia in the semi-finals in Mumbai.
Oil prices have fallen sharply in the wake of OPEC's decision to keep production at record levels.
The Soloist building in Belfast has been bought by a London-based firm.
US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are to meet National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden on Wednesday.
Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a three-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
On the outskirts of the capital, Riek Machar, there is a small crowd of people.
When the acid attack in London left the mother of her three-year-old son in a coma, she was told she would never be able to walk again.
Police investigating the deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, have ruled out carbon monoxide poisoning.
Theresa May's speech on the eve of the general election was a bit of a let-down.
Scotland is to introduce mandatory nursing and midwifery staffing levels.
Ukrainian officials and the media have been accused of lying about the presence of far-right parties in the country.
The EU and International Monetary Fund (IMF) have said they remain hopeful that a solution can be found to Greece's debt crisis before the end of the month.
The family of five-year-old Ashya King have told the BBC they are "disappointed" by the NHS's decision to fund his treatment in Czech Republic.
Dogs could be banned from parks and play areas in Wrexham.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A55 in Bangor.
Matt Carson's first-half goal helped Portsmouth to a goalless draw with Hartlepool in League Two.
A turtle has been found washed up on a beach on the Isle of Wight.
Rohit Singh is a day labourer at the Gandak river bank in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Plans to lower the drink-driving limit in England and Wales have been backed by the Alcohol Health Alliance.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate the deaths of Sian Blake and her two young sons.
Motherwell have signed former Real Madrid and Real Madrid midfielder David Pearson on a two-year deal.
A five-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father revealed he had undergone the procedure has returned to school.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed former NFL player Kadeena Welter as their new head coach.
The UK should "stop talking about the EU in terms that people don't understand", a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he saw a video of Iranians unloading crates of currency from a US plane.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say.
DUP leader Peter Robinson has denied claims that his father-in-law applied to a controversial renewable energy scheme.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over comments it made about the city's Muslim population.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted to keep interest rates at 0.5%.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will have to "take maybe a step back a few times" as he prepares for Friday's one-day international against West Indies.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the EU, Labour MP Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a new technology park for the University of Bognor Regis have been unveiled.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored a hat-trick as Saracens thrashed Oyonnax in the Champions Cup.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase in Sussex has been jailed for 15 months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Angelina Jolie and Anna Wintour have been named the world's most influential women in a BBC Woman's Hour Power List.
When Fraser Choe was appointed chief executive of a Singapore-based hotel firm in 1997, he was told he would have to make sure his staff got paid.
Derby County were held to a goalless draw by Brentford in the Championship.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Tony Blair says the club will be working hard to secure new contracts for the rest of the squad.
British cyclist Claudia Kenny has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been stuck in the middle of the M1 motorway.
West Ham captain Steven Gerrard has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City "still have time to put things right" despite being booed off the pitch.
Up to 17cm of snow has fallen in parts of England, with some parts of the country facing avalanche risk.
Archaeologists in the UK have discovered the remains of hundreds of plague victims buried in a cemetery in Oxfordshire.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school have met with the family of a man who died after being hit by a car.
US airlines Delta and United have announced they will stop the transport of hunting trophies following the killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos' director of rugby has urged the Rugby Football League to develop a "credible plan" to improve the sport's presence in the capital.
Leaders of the European Union are meeting in Brussels to try to resolve the migrant crisis.
A police officer has been arrested after an anonymous tip-off that an officer was to be kidnapped as part of a terrorist plot.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a parade in New Orleans, police say.
Southend Council and Visit Southend have offered a free night in the town after comedian Danny O'Grady was accused of calling it a "shit hole".
It is not every day that you get a job delivering healthy snacks in cardboard boxes.
If you asked any Wall Street economist or reporter what they would say about the US economy, they would probably tell you a lot.
The Archbishop of South Africa, Desmond Tutu, has said he would support assisted dying.
Monarch Airlines has said it is still waiting to see what the world has in store for the airline following the terror attacks in Paris.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a teenager in a Dumfries and Galloway village.
Shares in Tesla have risen after the carmaker announced it was increasing production.
"I've only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have signed full-back Luke Arscott from Bath on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A primary school in Wrexham has banned pupils from playing the game British Bulldog.
Northern Ireland's economic growth will remain the lowest of the 12 UK regions in 2015, according to a new report.
"I can never get those years back," said the mother of Azelle Rodney, who was shot dead by police in south London nine years ago.
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans for a giant dragon sculpture in Wrexham have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing".
A witness has told a court that she was sexually abused by a man in Rotherham between 1987 and 2003.
Pope Francis has called for "simple, balanced, consistent, capable of seeing and doing what is essential" in his Christmas message.
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur separatist leader Tohti.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has survived his first zip wire experience at the Paralympics.
Reading and Fulham have played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
Northern Ireland's Champions League match against Republic of Ireland has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Middlesbrough manager Derek Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 2-1 defeat by Hull City.
At least four people have been killed in a shootout with police in Mexico, officials say.
What would happen if a school decided to close its sixth form and all its schools offered A-levels?
The Lion King has been inducted into the National Film Library of America's Hall of Fame.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he is "more than happy" to be part of a strong batting line-up ahead of the tour of New Zealand and Australia.
A woman accused of sexually abusing her brother has told a court she was "hoping to get money from this".
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in the Intercontinental Cup match in India on Saturday.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a stabbing at a school.
Bristol Rovers missed the chance to go top of the Scottish League One table as they were held to a draw by Pars.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has backed the idea of amateur boxers competing in the Rio Olympics.
A dawn service has been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran over its behaviour in the Middle East.
This summer's GCSE results in England and Northern Ireland will be the last to be marked under the new grading system, says Ofqual.
The government has announced the shortlist for two new rail franchises in the north of England.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a 16ft speedboat overturned in Brixham harbour.
Two human rights groups have called for the remit of a historical abuse inquiry to be widened.
US chipmaker Intel has reported a fall in third-quarter profits as demand for its server-chips continued to slow.
The prime minister is to discuss how the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia.
Airbus and Coleg Cambria are to receive £2.7m in funding from the Welsh government.
A letter written by a first-time mum has been found at a supermarket in Yorkshire.
Gunmen have killed at least 22 people in two villages in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be replaced by a community maternity unit, the health board has announced.
The introduction of a new curriculum for secondary schools in Scotland has been welcomed by the Scottish government.
A letter written by the future Queen about her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for £14,400.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood was 14 when she left school.
The government's plan for a third runway at Heathrow Airport has been backed by a new study.
Great Britain's Davis Cup final against Belgium next week will go ahead, despite a security alert in Belgium, the Federation of Tennis (FTF) has said.
At least 10 people have been killed after a light aircraft crashed into a minivan at a busy airport in Ghana's capital, Accra.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 21-year-old man in Brighton.
A former prison officer's daughter has been appointed as the new justice minister for Northern Ireland.
Bristol Rovers manager Lee Clarke says he does not fear for his job despite the club's takeover by the Al-Qadi family.
Japan's labour agency has been charged over the death of a woman who worked 100 hours of overtime a month.
It's the start of the second round of fixtures in the Premier League.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and writer Nana Akufo-Addo looks at the lack of maintenance in the country.
A cyclist has died after suffering a suspected heart attack while raising money for a hospice.
Permian and Cracksman have been added to the line-up for the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Epsom.
Production in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
Three people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the northern Mali capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has signed a new three-year contract with Paris St-Germain.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" at the club.
Exeter City have signed Republic of Ireland international Ryan Morrison on a two-year deal.
The 2015 British Grand Prix was the best-attended sporting event of the year, according to research by Deloitte.
A dentist who failed to remove crowns on eight of his teeth has been banned from practising dentures.
Costa Concordia captain Massimo Schettino has been jailed for seven years for causing the ship's sinking.
At London 2012, 12 British Olympians won more than one medal.
Jade Jones could be the next Ronda Rousey when she competes at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, says Welsh taekwondo coach John Johns.
I've created a series of photographs of people dressed in their workwear.
Worcestershire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A rail operator has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates in the valleys.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology to make it more flexible.
Thousands of people are marching through the streets of Riga to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Plans to protect areas at risk of flooding in north Wales have been put on hold by the Met Office.
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of former Prime Minister Eduardo Cunha, as part of a corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Moore has been featured in a new film about the life changing moments of people of all ages and walks of life.
Theresa May's letter to Theresa May outlining her plans for the return of devolved powers to the UK has been met with a mixed response.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight the militant Islamist group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has announced.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
A fishing vessel captain has been fined £20,000 after a worker collapsed and died on a petrol pump which ran for more than an hour.
Welsh MPs should be allowed to speak in the House of Commons on English and Welsh issues, an MP has said.
Police are investigating the discovery of a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim.
At least 35 people have been killed in an explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, local media report.
A chronology of key events:1 October 2015 -
Burnley striker Ben Vokes says his side are "lucky" not to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Former NFL star OJ Simpson has asked a Las Vegas court to reconsider his conviction for the 2007 Las Vegas murder.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Michael Sammon on a two-year deal.
Czech cyclist Tomas Kreuziger has been cleared to compete in the Tour de France after being cleared of doping.
The Stakeknife inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people in Northern Ireland is being used as a political football to beat the British government with, it has been claimed.
A farmer has accused Tesco of using an "inappropriate" image of him pulling carrots on an organic farm.
A townhall meeting between Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg in Menlo Park, California, on Wednesday night was billed as a "historic moment".
Alex McLeish has been appointed as the new coach of Egyptian side Zamalek.
Eritrea's government has been accused by the United Nations of committing crimes against humanity, including the murder of seven children last year.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video emerged showing him punching a bus driver in the face.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees has died at the age of 89 after a long illness.
Environmental groups have called for district heating to be more widely used in Scotland to meet climate change targets.
People who leave rubbish outside wheelie bins will face fines of up to £1,000, a council has said.
The family of a student who died in a crash have paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour".
Europe is struggling to balance its need for tourists' money with the need for security.
A music festival has been cancelled due to "extremely severe weather conditions", organisers have said.
David Warner and AB de Villiers are among the players who will take part in the inaugural Rising Pune Supergiant tournament.
Google has developed a new way to deliver internet connectivity to rural areas.
Plans for a new Army support depot in Gloucestershire have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence.
Police in Northern Ireland have seized more than £100,000 worth of drugs in a three-month campaign.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been found at a house in Glasgow city centre.
Immigration to the UK could be cut by up to 100,000 a year if the UK votes to leave the European Union, a report has suggested.
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU air pollution limits, the High Court has ruled.
A judge in the US state of Maryland has ordered lawyers to submit new evidence in the murder trial of serial killer Syed Farook.
Three pieces of gold worth more than £1,000 have been found during a treasure hunt in Bristol.
A diver who "naively and foolishly believed all would be well" with his equipment in a lake has been jailed.
A man has died in a house fire in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is a "key player" for the club.
The Stormont Executive has been told it must issue a draft budget before the end of the financial year.
The father of a British-Iranian toddler detained in Iran is to present a birthday card to his daughter.
Scientists in the US have carried out the first human-pig embryo transplant.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to corruption in the country's banking sector.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous novels of all time.
Christmas tree lighting in Caerphilly county has been cancelled because of budget cuts.
Marseille owner Jean-Claude McCourt has said he is "very excited" about the club's return to Ligue 1.
Sir Chris Hoy has been elected as the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London Olympics.
A woman who was taken to Saudi Arabia by her father after she kissed a guy has been ordered to return by 11 September.
Cafodd y goeden Bwylaidd 1,400 yn fwy o bleidleisiau ym Mrwsel nos Fawrth yng Ngwlad Pwyl.
The Conservatives have unveiled plans to allow English MPs to vote on laws affecting England only.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a new study.
The Northern Ireland Executive's plan to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland has been put on hold.
Plans to double the number of parking spaces on Oxford's tram system have gone on display.
Gay rights activists in the Russian republic of Chechnya have accused the authorities of a crackdown on gay people in the region.
Nico Rosberg says there is an "urgent" fightback from Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in Sunday's Russian Grand Prix.
Russia has passed a law that makes it easier for bloggers to access social media sites without a trial.
Spanish police have arrested more than 100 people suspected of running a huge smuggling ring in the textile sector.
Two people have been killed on a train in Germany, police say.
Nottingham Forest manager Andrew Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club.
Mo Farah stormed to victory in the 5,000m to become the first Briton to win five gold medals at the World Championships.
Theresa Cameron has said her son's death changed her husband's politics.
Police have warned people to be "very, very careful" after two con victims were conned out of thousands of pounds.
The Catholic priest who ministered the last rites of two British soldiers brutally killed by the IRA in Belfast in 1988 has died.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola says he is "the coach of extraordinary players" after his side reached the Champions League semi-finals.
A new series of BBC Wales' Milk Man looks at the future of the dairy industry in Wales.
A woman has died and a five-year-old girl has been seriously injured in a car crash in Berkshire.
Fifa has approved tougher anti-racism measures that will see players banned from stadiums for five matches.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-year deal.
A man has died in a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an allegation of sexual assault.
Welsh referee Kevin Owens says he will prolong his international career until 2019.
Five people have been charged in connection with the killing of a Palestinian man in the occupied West Bank in October, Israeli officials say.
Kaka has been named in Brazil's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU.
The Police Service of Scotland (SPA) is considering the closure of its control room in Aberdeen.
A man has denied attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Cardiff AMs have said they want to ban agency fees on private rented accommodation.
Plastic surgeons in England have been given a two-week cooling-off period before deciding whether to carry out cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards scored a late winner as Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Howler monkeys have a trade-off between having a huge vocal tract and producing lots of sperm.
Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison in the US for hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account.
Plans for a "truck stunt" in Cardiff city centre have been approved by the assembly.
The head of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has said she wants witnesses to give evidence to the inquiry.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai who was attacked by a man wielding a knife has said he fears for his life.
More Welsh-medium teachers are to be recruited in Wales to help meet the growing demand for them, the government has said.
Three nurses have been suspended from practice after a man suffered a brain haemorrhage.
More than 100 tonnes of household waste has been recycled in Surrey in the past year, the council has said.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump tweeted that the Paris attacks were "a very, very terrible thing that is going on in the world".
A US military base in Washington state has been charged with the murder of a soldier who was killed in a car chase.
BBC Radio 1 DJ David James has become the latest celebrity to receive degrees from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A charity which helps clean up the Isle of Man's beaches has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the government.
Britain's James Ward produced a dramatic comeback to beat John Isner and reach the quarter-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into a Dundee prison has been jailed for two years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University following concerns about the safe storage of chemicals.
Gambling revenue in Macau has set a new record for 2010, according to official figures.
An exhibition by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened in Athens, documenting his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq War is to be questioned by MPs about the government's handling of the inquiry.
Mae'r ymddangos wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach.
The pound has fallen to new lows against the dollar after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A "startling disconnect" between policies encouraging whistleblowing and what happens in practice, MPs have said.
Sydney Harbour has been illuminated by the city's lights for the first time in more than a century.
The funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who died in North Korea last week, has taken place in the US state of Ohio.
World number one Harry Maguire says he is "embarrassed" to have missed out on a place at the World Championship.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a setback in her bid to win a fourth term in office after her party lost a regional election.
One in four men in the world is a daily smoker, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the drivers of not putting on a "very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined for failing to prevent the release of a toxic chemical which could have caused multiple deaths.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are to meet the prime minister to discuss a deal to restore power-sharing.
Mullah Mansour, the new leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed in a gunfight in the north-western province of Quetta, reports say.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for murdering a drug dealer.
A man who was found dead at a house in Loughborough has been named by police.
A man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in Glasgow city centre.
Crowd restrictions have been lifted at Chester's League Two game with Wrexham.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two-year deal.
A paint attack on Belfast City Hall has been described as a hate crime.
Ecuador is to protest against the UK's funding for policing its embassy in London over allegations of rape.
The Syrian government and the opposition are in advanced talks about a transitional government that could last up to two years.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it has received an email from Algeria's goalball team inviting them to the Rio Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach Europe by boat.
Plans for a new tennis court at the home of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been lodged.
The UK government's resettlement programme for Syrian refugees is facing "significant challenges", the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a small satellite into orbit around the Sun.
The first minister has made the first big move of her political career.
The Northern Ireland economy has grown in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
The first Scottish boat race of its kind has taken place more than 140 years ago.
Nationwide has reported a fall in mortgage lending in the first quarter of the year.
A Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian jet in Turkey last month has found no evidence that the plane was deliberately shot down.
Kent have signed South African batsman Sean Dickson for the T20 Blast.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who was injured when he was hit by a barbecue has said she felt "relatively helpless".
A Labour MP is to warn that the EU referendum could be the "second-longest suicide note" in the party's history.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has told the BBC he is "sorry for football".
A lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World's theme park in Florida after a boy was killed by an alligator.
Michael Gove has said he would have sacked Theresa May if he had been in her cabinet.
Scotland's top law officer has said it would not be in the interests of the UK or of Europe to turn its back on criminal justice co-operation.
A court in India has ordered Bollywood star Salman Khan to stand trial for culpable homicide after his car crashed into a bakery in Mumbai in 2002.
Residents of a new housing development in Leicester have said they wish they had moved here because of the lack of broadband.
An Australian man has been jailed for 10 years for helping seven men travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group.
GPs in England are being forced to deliver an "unsafe number of consultations", the British Medical Association has said.
The craft spirits and craft brewery sectors are going through a period of explosive creativity, according to a new report.
Wales could lose about £50m a year if the UK Treasury cuts a block grant to the Welsh Government, a report has warned.
South Korea's president has said the Sewol ferry will be raised "at the earliest possible date".
The widow of a man shot dead by police said her husband threatened to kill himself, an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Ireland's Ryan Fitzpatrick share the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
The number of parks in the UK is at a "tipping point" and council budgets are at risk of "turning the clock back to an era of neglect", MPs have warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised on social media for his "social media diplomacy".
A book borrowed from a Hereford Cathedral School has been returned to the school.
Hull City striker Lucas Clucas has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian woman who died after suffering complications during her pregnancy has been named by prosecutors as a gynaecologist who refused to carry out abortions.
US rock band Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against the owners of the company that runs their headquarters.
Nick Kyrgios beat Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a woman he met as a police officer.
A major resurfacing project is being carried out to improve the port's shipping channel.
Gardeners in Dumfries and Galloway are being warned to rid their hedgerows of an invader from the Mediterranean.
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the makers of a popular hunting TV channel to remove all content related to trophy hunting.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Wight has paid tribute to him.
A man who stabbed a man to death in his home has been jailed for 16 years.
Former Aberdeen assistant manager Tom Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up for the World Cup qualifiers in June.
The PSNI has launched an investigation into the resettlement of 51 Syrian refugees in Northern Ireland.
A woman who caused the death of a 50-year-old woman by driving into the face of on-coming traffic has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third stage of the Men's Tour de Yorkshire.
A charity has said there is a "gap" in knowledge and confidence among transgender young people in Scotland.
A man has died after being hit by a car.
Barcelona striker Neymar has appeared in court in Spain accused of defrauding the Spanish tax office out of millions of dollars.
A council has apologised after postal ballot papers for the general election were sent out without the names of two candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Osprey Williams' final-minute try was a "fitting end" to his career.
It's not every day you get a chance to talk to one of the most famous footballers in the world.
An oil and gas company has said it is considering legal action against the National Trust over its opposition to shale gas extraction.
Eight people have been arrested in a series of drugs raids in Staffordshire, police have said.
Manchester City have signed Tottenham defender Kyle Walker for an undisclosed fee.
A racoon has been rescued after jumping from a roof onto a house roof.
A dog has been stolen from a pet shop in Perthshire.
A Rwandan man has been extradited to Canada to face charges of inciting genocide during the 1994 genocide.
More than half of international students say they would be put off studying in the UK if the country left the European Union, a survey suggests.
An Australian father has been jailed for seven and a half years for sexually abusing his 14-year-old daughter.
The Serial podcast is to be turned into a TV show.
The current council tax system is "unfair", according to a report.
More than 200 hens are in need of rehoming after being abandoned by a charity in Wrexham.
Hull FC have signed Hull FC full-back Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man's body has been found in a lay-by near a roundabout, police have said.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced he will retire at the end of the season.
A faulty gene has been linked to an increased risk of a stroke in the Caucasian population, researchers say.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney charged with the murder of an Australian police officer.
Google has announced that it is ending its Explorer programme for the Glass smart glasses.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Tyrone.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has ordered a major overhaul of the security services, state media report.
A farm supplies firm has reported a rise in profits and turnover, despite the impact of Brexit.
US President Donald Trump has said he is considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller over allegations of obstruction of justice.
The government will have to "think very carefully" about its policy on term-time holidays after a High Court ruling that a father took his children on a seven-day holiday to Asia.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has said his wife is in a critical condition after being shot in the head on Sunday.
The government is to meet to discuss plans to speed up the rollout of 4G services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Plans to shake up the fixture schedule in England have been unveiled by the Football League.
The government's decision to restrict the immigration of Indian chefs to Scotland is "total insanity", according to one of the country's leading curry houses.
England fly-half Chris Robshaw says his side's discipline was "shocking" as they lost to France in their final warm-up game.
A brand of gin has been recalled in Canada after it was found to be too high.
Professional boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering severe bleeding to his brain during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has agreed to fix software used by the transport ministry to reduce nitrogen oxide pollution.
Scientists have developed a new mix of cement that will be able to block the passage of radioactive isotopes far into the future.
Match reports from the weekend's Division Two games between Pembroke and Bready.
A football fan has admitted throwing a corkscrew at Clacton fans during a match.
The Public Prosecution Service (PEN) has announced a boycott of a literary event in New York over the Charlie Hebdo cartoon attack.
The NHS in England should not be paying more than 55% above normal shift rates for agency staff, a regulator has said.
A glass factory in County Antrim is to close with the loss of 50 jobs, a union has said.
When Poundland opened its first store in the UK three years ago, it was just one of three times it has opened a shop in the past five years.
A man and two children have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a barrier on the Isle of Wight.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found unconscious at a flat in County Antrim.
A new method of giving contraception to women in sub-Saharan Africa has been unveiled.
The police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland has reopened investigations into more than 150 historical incidents, the BBC has learned.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
Winds of up to 70mph (113km/h) have caused major disruption in parts of Wales on Friday.
A soldier has died and four others have been injured after a tank fell into a river in Taiwan, the army says.
Michael Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the investigation into corruption at Fifa, has died at the age of 72.
Connacht's hopes of making the Pro12 play-offs were dealt a blow as they were beaten by the Ospreys at Kingspan Stadium.
Billy the Kid has been back behind the wheel for the first time since he was seriously injured in a car crash in April.
A Sunderland music shop that hosted gigs by independent artists has closed after it was sold for student accommodation.
Luton Town have released five players, including goalkeeper Jack King, and defender Ben Potts.
Algeria have signed Lille striker Karim Benzia on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
England's women's netball team will receive central contracts for the first time in their history, says midfielder Hannah Housby.
South Wales Police has been elected as the new police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimics the action of folic acid selectively to latch on to cancer cells has been shown to be safe for women with ovarian cancer.
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released a CCTV video of the last time she was seen.
When The KLF resigned from the music industry in 1987, they burned a million copies of their debut album Dancing Queen.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after being seriously injured in a crash during testing.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in Glasgow.
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has been appointed to the United Nations by President-elect Donald Trump.
Taiwan has banned high-ranking civil servants from travelling to China for further education, state media report.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of relegation from the Championship is "frightening" and "exciting".
More than 100 British soldiers are to leave their bases in Afghanistan for the first time in more than a year.
Laura Pergolizzi didn't want to be a pop star.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Former British middleweight champion Nicky Wilkins has been banned from boxing for two years for his conduct with a former opponent.
The mother of a Liverpool fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster was "uncomfortably full" in the stadium's crowd pen, the inquests have heard.
The inventor of a robot that can be used to play video games has launched a new festival in Inverness.
League Two side Cambridge United will face League Two side Manchester United in the FA Cup third round.
Bristol Rovers have made four changes to their squad following the departure of Danny O'Donnell and Joe Mafuta.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will make his first start of the season against Liverpool at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just one season in charge of the National League club.
A beekeeper died after accidentally spilling the contents of a pen to his neck, a coroner has ruled.
Forest Green came from behind to beat Torquay 5-5 in the National League.
The abduction of Monica and Sarah Lawan by Boko Haram militants in the northern Nigerian town of Chibok last year has left Rev Mark and his family struggling to find a new home.
Russian MPs have passed a bill that would make smacking children within the family a criminal offence.
In 1952, the African Home Guard launched a counter-insurgency campaign against the Mau Mau rebels.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Prince Harry has been photographed helping to remove a crocodile from a harbour in Australia's Northern Territory.
Australia umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has said the company's sponsorship of the Rio Olympics will help boost sales in Brazil.
Crayfish are being re-introduced to the River Wye in a bid to prevent a total wipe-out of the species in Wales.
A restaurant has been destroyed in a fire at the O2 arena in London.
Dallas Buyers Club has topped the North American box office chart for the first time since the Oscars.
An investigation has been launched after a cloud of "inky water" appeared at the base of Niagara Falls in New York.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Scott Hemmings.
The Youth Olympics will be held in Norway in 2016.
A UKIP councillor has defected to a Democratic Independent Group.
The Education Standards Authority (Ofqual) has said it is "a big mess" over the way exams are graded in England.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition against rebels in Yemen, officials say.
On Christmas Eve, thousands of Palestinian Christians gather in the Old City of Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
North Wales Police has been rated "requires improvement" in a report by the UK's most senior police watchdog.
A make-up artist who has worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on several films has said it is "hard to beat Wales".
A three-year-old boy who needs a transplant in the US has been paid for by an anonymous donor.
The European Commission has fined 11 airlines, including Air France and KLM, for infringement of their rights of defence.
Bournemouth striker Steve King says the club's mentality will not see them take the foot off the gas and relax now that they are in the Premier League.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal.
The thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba has been hailed as a historic moment.
Olympique de Marseille owner Jacques McCourt has signed a new contract with the French club.
Astronaut Gerard Pesquet has shared a series of photos of the spectacular view of the European Union from his space station.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of neglecting her two young children, who have died in a flat in Kiev.
Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton Under-21 midfielder Ryan McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
A southern bypass route could be considered as part of the £1.4bn upgrade of the A303 around Stonehenge, the BBC understands.
Saracens captain Rhys Borthwick had a busy day at the club on Saturday.
More than 100 Rohingya women and children have been killed by security forces in Myanmar, the UN says.
Schools and businesses have been closed after a water main burst.
Guernsey manager Kevin Vance says his side "could have done without" their FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Oxford United.
Athletics "has a problem with" Russia, says former World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The UK government's counter-terrorism strategy is not working to protect young Muslims from radicalisation, an MP has said.
Emmerdale fans are to be given tours of the former Coronation Street set for the first time.
A number of teachers at a Catholic school in County Tyrone have called in sick.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Francesco Cesare looks at how the Mafia is trying to destroy his business in Sicily.
People with learning difficulties can now control programmes using their brainwaves, the BBC has said.
An augmented reality experience is to be offered at this year's HebCelt Celtic Festival.
Olympic gold medallist Lizzie Houvenaghel has withdrawn from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow because of a back injury.
Wimbledon has announced that Sunday will be the middle day of the men's and women's singles at the tournament.
Police in Sicily have detained 15 volunteers suspected of setting fires deliberately in the heatwave.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38% in the past six years, the NSPCC has said.
US officials are meeting in Washington to discuss the threat from Islamic State militants on planes.
North Korea has said it has made "significant progress" in miniaturising its nuclear weapons.
Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time in more than a year, in the latest escalation in the conflict.
Richard Keogh's first-half header earned Derby County a 1-0 win over Grimsby.
A woman who was convicted of arranging the murder of her son in 1990 has lost her appeal against a retrial.
Emergency services at East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) have been told to improve by the health watchdog.
Australia international Sam Mooy scored twice as Huddersfield Town beat Leeds United to move within a point of the Championship play-off places.
A BBC reporter has told a disciplinary tribunal she was subjected to a "direct attempt to interfere" with a story about an ambulance boss's salary.
A fire has broken out at a house in Edinburgh.
A search effort for a group of mountaineers who went missing in the US state of Washington has been suspended after they were caught in an avalanche.
Adam Weatherson scored twice as Aberdeen beat Queen's of the South 3-2 in the Scottish League Cup first round.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years were dealt a blow as they were beaten by the Wallabies in Melbourne.
The former chairman of India's Tata Sons has accused the company of "immeasurable harm" to his reputation.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they are "still in shock and afraid" after the attacks in Paris on Saturday.
Widnes Vikings have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League after their game against Widnes was abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent".
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the Republican presidential nomination.
Juan Mata scored twice as Chelsea secured their third win in four Premier League games with victory over Sunderland.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said the country has the capability to attack the US in the Pacific.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered fell more than 5% after the bank announced plans to raise $5.1bn (Â£3.2bn) in debt.
A man has been charged with murdering his great-granddaughter at a care home in Cambridgeshire.
The number of Bengal tigers in the Sunderbans region of Bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out for up to eight weeks after suffering a metatarsal fracture in Saturday's 1-1 draw with West Brom.
The remaining board members of Sport NI have resigned.
A malicious software worm that infects routers and other smart devices has been discovered by a security firm.
It's been a week of violence in Germany.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed following two separate crashes.
Mexican Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned following criticism of his visit to the US by Donald Trump.
The battle for Tal Afar, a strategically important city in the north-western Iraqi province of Anbar, is being closely watched by the international community.
Lee Novak scored a late equaliser as Charlton came from behind to draw at Fleetwood.
Portsmouth's board of directors have been told to "look him in the eye" if they are the right person for the club's future, says chairman Lee Brown.
A turtle has been filmed dead near the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland.
Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for League One strugglers Scunthorpe at Vale Park.
Ipswich and MK Dons both missed the chance to go top of the Championship as Ryan Revell and Chris Varney scored late goals.
Former Fifa star Mohamed Weah has been elected Liberia's first female president.
England's Tommy Fleetwood missed out on a place in the final round of the Shanghai Masters as Germany's Bernd Wiesberger won by one shot.
Liverpool Ladies have signed Canada international Mandy van den Berg on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale defender Ruairi Keating on loan until the end of the season.
A number of bonfire pallets have been piled up in a car park in Belfast city centre.
The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary has been compiled by the Oxford University lexicographer.
TVR is to build its next generation of cars in south Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "all over the place" in a crash at the Mexican Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in Marks and Spencer leading the way.
Portadown have been handed a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association for a breach of disciplinary rules following Saturday's Premiership win over Ards.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A woman who embezzled more than £100,000 from the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order.
Astronomers have discovered even more monster stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have been fined 50,000 euros (£40,000) for singing racist songs about Mario Balotelli during a pre-season friendly.
Substitute Oscar Threlkeld scored a late winner as Plymouth beat Crawley to move up to second in League Two.
US media company Discovery has agreed to buy broadcaster Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£11.3bn) in cash.
Steven Caulker was not involved in an altercation with Crystal Palace players, according to QPR.
Broadway star Barbra Streisand has said she is "delighted" Apple has agreed to change the pronunciation of her name.
At least one person has been killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Egyptian capital Cairo, the interior ministry says.
The company behind a controversial increase in the price of a prescription drug has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County striker Leon Martin says he has been "non-existent" for the last couple of months.
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver has been diverted to Glasgow after a "smoke of burning on board".
The health of children in Wales has improved greatly since the 1970s and 1980s, according to a new survey.
The UK's manufacturing and retail sectors are expanding at the fastest rate on record, according to the Ulster Bank.
A new masterplan for Manchester's St Michael's development has been unveiled by the city's mayor, Phil Neville.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders defender Michael Callaghan as their new manager.
A man who threw a baby in the air and hit him on the floor has been jailed for six years.
British number one Kyle Edmund is through to the second round of the China Open after beating Spain's Carla Garcia-Lopez.
A teenager who went missing after being dropped off at school in Leicestershire has been found dead.
Chester boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable 3-0 win over Dagenham.
National League side Yeovil Town have signed ex-Dagenham & Redbridge captain Ryan Wood on a two-year deal.
More than half of the people registered to vote in local elections in England last year were less than 20% of the electorate, the Electoral Commission has said.
Wales full-back Matthew Morgan has signed a new two-year contract with Cardiff Blues.
Conor Henderson has signed a new two-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says striker Peter Crouch's future is with the club.
A portrait of Mao Zedong by Andy Warhol is expected to fetch up to $15m (£12.1m) at auction in Hong Kong.
Former Premier League footballer Wayne Rooney has been given the go-ahead to build a house in a flower-shaped moorland.
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of Ghostbusters, according to reports.
Moths have been installed in Hull to mark the centenary of the death of Hull airman Amy Johnson.
The chancellor has said the government will be willing to "reset fiscal policy" if it is deemed necessary.
Thousands of people are to be expected to attend a London version of the annual Lumiere festival, organisers have announced.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the opening game of the EuroHockey Championships in Stuttgart.
A council has lost a legal bid to fine a father for taking his six-year-old daughter to Disneyland.
The parents of a teenager who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have described her as "like the Tasmanian devil".
A US soldier has been awarded the highest military honour in the United States, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in Afghanistan.
The government should introduce a five-year freeze on unskilled migrants in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, a report says.
A number of Crystal Palace fans have been singing and banging on the side of the escalator at a London Underground station after a fire alarm went off.
Scotland's Alex Seonaid and Jennifer McIntosh have won gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's decision to cut interest rates to a record low.
Olympic skeleton champion Lizzie Yarnold is one of the most decorated athletes in the sport's history.
Ciara Adams will make her professional debut in Manchester on Saturday when she takes on American teenager Lizzie Salazar in the women's middleweight title bout.
Olympic silver medallist Tom Heath won the K1 200m canoe race for the first time in his career.
Ellan Vannin have won the European Under-21 Championship for the first time.
The final boat in a Bristol dry dock is set to sail for Edinburgh later this week.
Too many older people living in care homes have an "unacceptable quality of life", a report has said.
The government is to double the discount on the right to buy in England, the BBC understands.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by more than a third in the past year.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Edinburgh.
Portsmouth have signed former Notts County and Ferencvaros midfielder Emmanuel Adebayo on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest manager Paulo Brazil says he is not aware of where the club is in terms of looking for a new manager.
Hundreds of koalas, kangaroos and wallabies have been injured by bushfires in Australia.
More needs to be done to diagnose babies with a cleft palate, the Royal College of Surgeons has said.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have had their employment terminated, the BBC understands.
Mansfield Town have signed Macclesfield Town striker Ryan Parkin on a two-year deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has promised to expand bus services to areas not covered by the government's Bus Services Bill.
People on low carbohydrate and low fat diets lose an average of 7.3kg (16lb) after 12 months, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after a woman was crushed to death by heavy metal frames.
England international Laura Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane says Super League should "give Super League a pat on the back" after winning the 2017 World Club Challenge.
The International Telecommunication Union (ITU) has agreed to allow satellites to transmit data from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
Wildlife experts say China has admitted that illegal trade in tiger skins exists in the country.
Sterling's shaky performance this month has provided a timely reminder that challenges lie ahead, according to a think tank.
A man has admitted making threats to shoot police officers in Flintshire while he was on bail.
Dutch airline KLM has added two flights to its Inverness-Schiphol service.
Liam Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster in a thrilling Pro12 play-off.
Plans for a UK spaceport in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by a public consultation.
Arcade Fire have provided the perfect backdrop for a thunderstorm at Glastonbury.
The Women's Champions Trophy will be held at Lord's in June, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
At least four people have been killed in an ambush by Boko Haram militants in north-east Nigeria, the Nigerian army says.
Tributes have been paid to Irish actor and actor Michael Lally, who has died at the age of 83.
Middlesex batsman Mark Robson hit his highest first-class score of 215 against Warwickshire on a rain-affected second day at Edgbaston.
Coral bleaching at a reef in China may not be enough to save the world's most pristine reefs, say scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after a new bailout deal for Cyprus was agreed.
A cancer patient has reached the summit of Mount Everest after raising more than £40,000 for charity.
A community hall in Carmarthenshire is to be taken out of use after it was charged more than £1,000 a year.
Tributes have been paid to a father and nephew who died in the Tunisia terror attack.
The quality of teaching in science lessons in Wales is a "vital factor" in raising standards further, according to the head of Estyn.
Muslim-led campaigns to protect Jewish cemeteries in the US have received a "tremendous outpouring of love and support".
Two brothers have been jailed for life for murdering a drug dealer in a "frenzied attack".
Pop star Kylie Minogue took to the stage at the Parklife Festival in Manchester on Friday night to give fans a chance to catch up with him.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
A senior aide to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said the centre-right UMP party has been in a "horrible spiral" over its finances.
Former US President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since the country split from the United States.
A fire on a ferry was caused by an air conditioning unit close to a bridge, Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in Dubai.
Deodorant firm Nivea has withdrawn an advert for its Invisible for Black & White range after it was branded racist.
Cambridge extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with a 1-0 win over Exeter.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from Racing 92 on a two-year deal.
UK scientists are working on a new mapping exercise that could help them better understand the causes of big earthquakes.
Here is the full text of the prime minister's statement after the election results were announced.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the final Twenty20 international at the Wanderers to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
UKIP AM Nathan Gill has said he is a part-time AM because he has not resigned from his job as an MEP in Brussels and Strasbourg.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Amsterdam was diverted due to a "strong smell of smoke", the airline has said.
Young people in England are being offered qualifications of little worth in a "patchwork" vocational education system, a report says.
Plans for a £1bn hydroelectric scheme on a river in Snowdonia have been shelved by the company behind the project.
A gang has been jailed for eight years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into Wales.
Ajax goalkeeper Abdelhak Nouri has suffered brain damage during a pre-season friendly, the club has confirmed.
Sir William Hague, the founder of the welfare state, has said that he would like to see the minimum standard of living in Northern Ireland.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A is "not good for football".
A financial services firm is to create 500 new jobs in Manchester.
David Cameron should be the UK's candidate as Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the 2012 Olympics.
Russian social media users have been posting their favourite hashtags on the platform, in response to the political tensions in the country.
When Neil Lennon was appointed Hibernian manager two years ago, he had no intention of returning to the club.
Cameroon defender Adama Chedjou has joined Turkish champions Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
West Lothian and Livingston will be the battleground for the Labour Party in the general election.
The Home Office has been urged to make it easier for law enforcement agencies to hack into children's toys.
Myanmar's armed groups have signed a collective agreement with the government to end decades of conflict.
Venezuela says it has shot down two unauthorised drug-trafficking planes over its airspace.
Mental health services for pregnant women and their families are to be provided close to their homes, the Welsh government has announced.
China's state-owned telecoms firm has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) to settle a US investigation into its export of equipment to Iran.
The number of allegations of sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic has risen sharply, according to a UN report.
A man has admitted murdering his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" while their two sons slept upstairs.
France will remain by the side of the Malian army for as long as it takes, the French foreign minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have reaffirmed their commitment to a "new model" for their relationship.
A number of schools in Warwickshire have been closed due to flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on a rooftop in Cardiff.
Theresa May has chosen a UKIP-style version of Brexit which will cause "a squeeze on public services", the Liberal Democrats have said.
Celtic moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Actor Harry Shearer has pulled out of the US sitcom The Simpsons because of a lack of money.
Student nurses in England are facing the prospect of having to take out a student loan to study to become a nurse if plans to scrap bursaries are scrapped.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have been put at risk by a controversial coal mine.
Olympic gold medallist Kadeena Richards-Ross says she has been inspired by the support of other female athletes who have had abortions.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the Irish border should be separated from a free trade deal with the EU.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats are holding their spring conference in Glasgow.
Actress Lizzie Jumbo has criticised Hollywood for casting black actors in the US because of their work ethic.
The attainment gap between free school meals pupils and those not eligible for the meals could be widened if more grammars are introduced in England, research suggests.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he has been "made out of glass" by the injury crisis which has forced him to retire from international rugby.
It’s been 10 years since I was offered the chance to photograph Steve Jobs at the launch of the iPhone.
A £100m research and development complex in Newcastle has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former Essex head coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Sweeney and Stoke City defender Dominic Telford on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate rose for the first time in more than a decade in May, official figures show.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" that the party will get tax sharing powers before 2021.
British champion Laura Graddon says she has given up on competing at the Rio Olympics.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two Amtrak trains in California.
The Pirate Bay website has returned to the internet for the first time in more than a decade.
Match reports for the weekend's Premier League and Championship games.
Global temperatures could rise by 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to a new study.
The RSPCA has reported a rise in the number of animal welfare cases in Wales in 2013.
A drug dealer has been jailed for hiding his girlfriend's body in a cupboard and lying about her death.
Crusaders manager Jim Mulgrew is relishing the prospect of facing Ards in the Gibson Cup on Tuesday night.
How safe are the world's big international banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder James Ingram says he is "thrilled" to be returning to the county for the next few years.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Australian Grand Prix as the new Formula 1 format failed to work.
A former Fifa official has been suspended for three years for speaking out about Qatar's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
An elderly man has died in a house fire in Edinburgh.
A collection of photographs documenting the rise of the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s and 80s is to go on display in London.
Michael Vaughan says Newcastle's players need to be "mental tough" if they are to reach the Championship play-offs.
When Rex Tillerson announced that the US would withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, it was a huge blow to him.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" after their Champions League quarter-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said a merger of the Leave and Grassroots Out campaigns will be a "unifying moment" for those backing EU exit.
A group of Muslim clerics in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger accused of blasphemy.
A Dundee wheel recycling firm has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died while wearing a face mask.
The first nuclear-powered submarine has been launched at the Royal Navy's Barrow yard.
Wales midfielder Ledley says he wants manager Chris Coleman to stay in charge for "many years to come".
A security system designed to keep tabs on cargo ships is vulnerable to attack, a security expert has said.
It was not Joan Collins who was arrested in the Republic of Ireland.
An Egyptian goose nest has been discovered in a nesting box at a nature reserve in Norfolk.
Burnley striker Ben Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 as Surrey and Hampshire fought out a draw in the One-Day Cup at The Oval.
The government and the care home provider Southern Cross are expected to agree a deal on Wednesday to save the firm from bankruptcy.
The number of cancer patients in England being treated within two months has fallen, according to new figures.
Some of the world's most common species of plants and animals could lose more than half of their habitats under climate change scenarios, a study suggests.
Gatwick Airport has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the year to the end of August, boosted by record passenger numbers.
A former cabinet minister and ex-economy chief councillor have been charged with misconduct by a law firm investigating the sale of council properties.
Premier League clubs have agreed to donate £1.25m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Rebels in the Syrian city of Aleppo have accused the government and Russian forces of using incendiary weapons indiscriminately to destroy underground shelters.
A patient died after falling from a lifting hoist at a hospital, a court has heard.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Prince Charles, has warned that religious education in secondary schools is being "marginalised".
A large fire has broken out at five terraced houses in Londonderry.
Plans to create a single council in Oxfordshire have been backed by the county council.
National League side Torquay United have signed midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a return to profit for the first half of the year.
Nato warships have begun a major search for a German U-boat in the Atlantic Ocean.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded in California, destroying a cargo ship that was due to launch on Wednesday.
A woman has been charged with attempting to murder BBC presenter Jeremy Vine by pointing her fingers at him, a court has heard.
Scientists have reconstructed the story of the impact of an asteroid on the Earth.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a hotel in Johannesburg.
Joe McKee and Michael O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-3 to reach the World League semi-finals in Belfast.
An investigation has been launched into the disappearance of seahorse on the Isle of Wight.
The architect of India's largest rock garden, Chand Chand, has died at the age of 88, his family has said.
British Cycling was not based around motivation through fear or performance through fear, says former head coach Paul Brailsford.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland.
The timetable for public exams in England has been drawn up 18 months before it was published.
Zinedine Zidane has been reinstated as Real Madrid reserve-team coach.
A new road has opened in Taunton after delays of more than a year.
Peterborough United manager Peter McCann says Kieran Maddison is one of the best players in the Championship.
Police Scotland has said it will take no steps leading to the closure of its control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says it was his last attempt to reach the World Cup finals with the Sweden team.
Burundi's prosecutor's office has confirmed that a military vehicle was used to shoot dead a top army general.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the highest-paid actress in the US, according to the magazine's annual list.
Villagers in Nepal have blocked the main road to the capital, Kathmandu, in protest at a lack of aid.
Cuba has accused US President Donald Trump of using "old and hostile rhetoric" over human rights in a speech in Havana.
Actor David Tennant has revealed that a new play about Don Juan has been commissioned by Wyndham's Theatre in London.
The US Secret Service has been told to make "difficult choices" over its handling of the security breach at the White House, a review has found.
Gibraltar could join the European Economic Community (EEC) under Article 50, the territory's chief minister has said.
Drivers on Arriva Trains Wales are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Paraguay's President Juan Manuel Santos has said he will not seek re-election in the lower house of Congress.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin by phone on Tuesday, the first meeting between the two leaders in two years.
Syrian rebels say they have captured the town of al-Rai from Islamic State (IS) militants.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan and world number one Judd Trump both suffered defeats in the first round of the World Championship.
There will be "hopes" there will be hope in 2015 for the NHS in Wales, the first minister has said.
More than 100 people in Wales have been stalked by their ex-partners in their lifetime, according to a charity.
China is set to overtake India as the world's largest share of young graduates in 2020, according to a new report.
A £1.4m scheme to train bank staff to help catch fraudsters has been trialled in London.
Residents of Ealing Central and Acton have expressed concern about the number of homes being built in the area.
Five Ospreys rugby players have taken part in a recycling collection in Bridgend county.
Flights from Edinburgh to London have been forced to be diverted because of bad weather conditions at Gatwick Airport.
West Ham have signed Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen on a season-long loan deal.
When you think of Shakespeare's playhouse, you might think of an indoor playhouse.
Swansea City Council has said it is "open to the option" of expanding the club's stadium.
Queens Park Rangers manager Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly abusing a match official during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Tottenham.
Scotland captain Richie Barclay says Scarlets' Pro12 final win over Munster reminds him of his time in Glasgow.
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry 40 years ago.
Chinese social media users have been reacting to a story about a teenager hiding in the back of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai.
The director general of the BBC has said it would be a "huge risk" to take the iPlayer service off air.
Plans for a new coal-fired power station have been given the go-ahead.
More than half a million black men in the Caribbean volunteered during World War Two.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" that the women's football team will not compete at the Olympics.
One of Scotland's rarest birds of prey has returned to Breckland farms.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have reacted angrily to Johann Lamont's resignation as leader of the party.
Japanese chipmaker Softbank has agreed to buy British technology firm ARM Holdings for £20bn.
Edinburgh City secured a place in the second round of the Scottish Cup with a 2-1 aggregate win over Cove.
One in eight workers in England and Wales is too ill to work before they get to the state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
A hospital in Coventry is being upgraded to improve fire safety in the unlikely event of a fire, an internal investigation has found.
A man has been charged with causing an explosion at a police station in County Tyrone more than 30 years ago.
Royal Mail has issued a set of stamps to mark the 150th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have been the victim of a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
An Isle of Man Pilates class has been recreated to mark the centenary of the death of a former prisoner of war.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom covered in a duvet.
Hospitals in England are expected to overspend by £3.8bn this year, according to official figures.
David Cameron's EU reform plan could see a surge in migrants in the next 12 months, a senior Tory MP has warned.
Lance Armstrong should be banned from cycling for life, according to former Tour de France winner John LeMond.
Malaysia has criticised Switzerland for saying billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from its state fund.
A council in Londonderry was instructed to write to the Northern Ireland Secretary about the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advertisement in 1986.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 87.
Mad Max: Fury Road has become the highest-grossing film of all time in the US, according to Universal Pictures.
Microsoft has revealed details of its new 4K-ready console, Project Scorpio.
A former UKIP MP has resigned after Facebook posts appeared to show him criticising US President Barack Obama.
They're one of the most famous children's books in the world.
Pret has said it will pay 16-18-year-olds who took part in its "big experience week" to learn more about the business.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club's takeover has "technically saved" his job.
Irish writer KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her short story Disappearances.
A series of shark attacks on humans off the coast of Egypt's Red Sea has left one person dead and several others injured.
A two-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A concert has been held in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh, to raise money for the victims of the Nepal earthquake.
Thousands of farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh.
Alastair Cook's unbeaten 95 on the opening day of the third Test against India has been a huge relief for him.
The UK should not fall into the trap of "playing the Taliban's game" in Afghanistan, the country's defence secretary has said.
If you are caught up in a thunderstorm, take extra care.
The legal battle between HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) and Lotus has been adjourned until the end of December.
Northamptonshire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a draw against Sussex.
Wayne Bennett's future as England head coach is up in the air, says Wigan Warriors forward Conor O'Loughlin.
Chelsea Ladies began their Women's Super League One Spring Series campaign with a 1-1 draw against Yeovil Town Ladies at the Hetton Centre.
A man has told an inquiry that he was sexually abused at a Jersey care home in the 1970s.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in the Republic of Congo has said she wants to help free one of the men who carried out the attack.
When Fiji rugby player John Matavesi was diagnosed with cerebral palsy in the 1980s, he was told he would never play again.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Stirling.
An 18-year-old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Bookmakers have been told to do "absolutely anything" to encourage gamblers to play on fixed-odds betting machines, the BBC has learned.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City midfielder David Straker on a two-year deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched by police investigating the Westminster terror attack.
The attack on the Buddhist shrine in Bangkok on Monday has been described as a "shocking attack" on the Thai economy.
A police officer has been jailed for three years for sexually assaulting a woman in his patrol car.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for giving his wife a "short-lived lift" on the back of his bike.
The PSNI has said it is investigating a series of cyber-related blackmail cases in County Antrim.
The chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, is back in the White House.
A rare olive ridley turtle found in an Anglesey aquarium has been moved to a larger tank.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall beat Swindon to move up to second in League One.
Police officers in three Denbighshire towns are to be sent to England to monitor crime and disorder in the area.
South Sudan and Mauritius both progressed to the second round of the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN) qualifiers on Saturday.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the country will never stop supporting its friends in the Middle East.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania's Texas School of Architecture has said he will not allow guns on campus.
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot of the UKIP leadership contest, the party has announced.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on a two-year deal.
A Dumfries teacher who downloaded indecent images of children has been banned from the profession.
A man who posted "highly offensive" Facebook messages about Islam has had his licence revoked.
Armenian weightlifter Arsen Vardanian has been banned for six months after failing a drugs test at the 2008 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker Chris Pilkington says it will be a "tough season" for the Bluebirds.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a police officer have spoken of their shock at her death.
Lord Strathclyde has resigned as the leader of the Conservative Party in the House of Lords.
A County Antrim company has gone into administration.
The chief executive of Dentsu, the Japanese office of a woman who jumped to her death last year, has resigned.
A man accused of murdering his wife with a frying pan and a bottle of white spirit went on a walk with the family dog, a court has heard.
At least seven people have been killed in a bomb attack on an army bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation has begun on plans to store nuclear waste from Royal Navy submarines at a site north of the border with England.
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt has said he is "rather perplexed" by the debate over corporate taxes in the UK.
Mozambique is a country on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore gas fields.
A Robin Hood impersonator and his Maid Marian partner are getting married in Nottingham.
Tom Main's second-half strike earned Oldham victory over Southend to move them out of the League One relegation zone.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of some of the country's largest agricultural properties to foreign investors.
Bradford City came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move up to second in League One.
Prince Harry has visited a remote village in Guyana on the final day of his Caribbean tour.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
The trial of a member of one of the country's most powerful families has been described as a landmark moment in the history of the Philippines.
I am a bit baffled by the Greek government's proposals for a bailout.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a pay deal which will see them receive a one-year rise in their working hours.
The chairman of Swansea City youth football club has died at the age of 87.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Gallacher and Airdrieonians goalkeeper Lee Hollis on loan until the end of the season.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Firefighters have tackled 332 acres of wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of the month.
The Queen's granddaughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, has been named as the UK's most influential woman.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Gary Higgins both won in the first round of the Scottish Open in Glasgow on Wednesday.
Prince Harry has said he is "firing up and energised" to help young people affected by HIV/Aids.
A planned strike by Tube drivers in London has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US.
St Helens have signed Newcastle Falcons full-back Tyler Williams on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has invested $2bn (£1.5bn) in Twitter, the company has announced.
More needs to be done to tackle sexism in sport, according to a survey by UK Sport.
A collection of Dr Who props from the 1970s and 1980s has been put up for auction.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won a High Court battle with the club over a merchandise deal.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal on paramilitary activity.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a blaze at a block of flats in East Lothian.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has landed in Kenya for the first time since it was grounded in January.
A team of Pakistani graffiti artists has been commissioned to write graffiti on the set of the US TV series Homeland, in response to criticism of its portrayal of the Lebanese capital Beirut.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful racehorses, has retired from racing.
A court has ruled it is in the public interest to hand over data from the Super Puma helicopter crash investigation to prosecutors.
If you want to know how the North East is feeling about the future of devolution, you might want to meet two Conservative MPs.
Five people have died in Caerphilly county in the past week, police have said.
Domino's Australia has agreed to buy pizza chain Joey's Pizza in Germany for an undisclosed sum.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in Bangor.
A man has been charged with raping a teenage girl in Whitehaven.
A former head of Venezuela's football federation has pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and money laundering as part of an investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa.
It's been a week of surprises for the Clinton campaign.
A group of women who posed as undercover police officers to spy on their families have told MPs they were "devastated" by the revelations.
A British man who faked his own death in Syria has been charged with terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a Tunnels.
There is a sense of unease among senior Tory backbenchers about Theresa May's leadership contest.
The government has called for the Football Association to change its way it is run.
The Conservatives' manifesto for the general election has been described as a much-changed version of their 2015 manifesto.
Bangladesh beat England by 108 runs in the second Test in Dhaka to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that climate change is causing "substantial impacts" on society and ecosystems.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby at the age of 28.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
The European Union is one of the world's most important food markets, according to the Scottish government.
GPs in England are being paid thousands of pounds to reduce the number of cancer patients being referred to hospital, a BBC investigation has found.
West Ham midfielder Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has said he would not rule out continuing on the BBC Two show.
Plans for a new express bus service in Bristol have been shelved because of a lack of a current operator.
Bridgend man Andrew Davies has set a new world record in the shot put at the Arizona International Indoor Championships.
It's one of the most surreal moments of a cycling career.
Doga Makiura started his own company in Rwanda two years ago.
Sheffield United midfielder Rob Baxter has been released by the League One club.
The Bank of England has announced that it is extending the Financial Support Scheme (FLS) to commercial banks.
A Canadian woman has won more than C$2m (Â£1.1m) in a lottery jackpot in Ontario, Canada.
Same-sex marriage is legal in Northern Ireland, a High Court judge has ruled.
A ram that switched on Ashbourne's Christmas Lights has been chosen as the mascot of a British army regiment.
Matt Parkin and Ryan Frear scored twice as Forest Green beat Halifax to move up to second in the National League.
A man has been charged with possession of a knife and an axe in Herefordshire.
Pete Kennaugh clinched the overall victory in the Tour de France.
Eilish McColgan is turning into The Terminator.
Edinburgh prop Rhys Dickinson says the Premiership play-offs are "really tight" as they aim to secure a top-six finish.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was the brother-in-law of one of the 7/7 victims.
It's one of the most popular street activities in the Republic of Ireland.
Scottish Power is to introduce a new way to buy energy in quantities that can be tailored to the customer's needs.
US Senator John McCain has arrived in Syria to meet rebel commanders, the BBC understands.
Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time.
A teenager with a rare form of cancer has died after a six-month battle with the disease.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown is to headline this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign has been launched to tackle underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul have been hampered by clouds, officials say.
China has called for a paradigm shift away from high input and high pollution to ease the environmental damage it has caused in the past three decades.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house in Japan after being hit by a magnitude-6.2 earthquake.
Media in Europe have reacted angrily to the election results in France and Greece.
Archaeologists are carrying out a major archaeological survey of a Berkshire abbey where King Henry I was buried.
Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with the Sian Phillips award at the BBC Wales Television Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has said it is "very serious" about homophobic chanting during World Cup qualifying.
The ancient city of Palmyra in Syria has been devastated by the conflict between the government and Islamic State (IS) militants.
Mae teulu o saith ffoadur o Syria wedi ddarparu cymorth i'r ffoaduriaid, yn ôl y Swyddfa Gartref.
Rafael Nadal will play Roger Federer in the third round of the US Open on Tuesday.
Australia's biggest winemaker, TWE, has rejected a new bid from US private equity firm KKR for AU$5.20 a share.
Crusaders missed the chance to go top of the Irish Premiership as they were held to a draw by Coleraine.
Scientists say they have discovered a new type of meteorology that could have been attributed to the Krakatoa eruption in Indonesia.
A BBC investigation has been launched into cold calling in the UK.
Michael Chilton says he thought of his former Marussia team-mate Claudio Bianchi as a world champion.
Scientists have developed a mobile game that can help people with dementia navigate 3D environments.
The family of a missing airman have said it is "hard to deal with the uncertainty" over his disappearance.
More than 100 Sports Direct workers have staged a protest against the company's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in Lambeth should be offered a HIV test on admission to hospital, according to new government guidance.
"I want to turn BHS around."
Lorry drivers are taking drugs to relieve the boredom of lengthy shifts, a BBC investigation has found.
The last remaining rebel-held areas of al-Wair in Syria have been withdrawn.
Mashkel is a small town in the north-western Pakistani province of Sistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 32 people to life in prison for spying for Iran, state media report.
Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City teenager Josh Watson on a month's loan.
A man has become the first person to paddle the length of a river in the UK in a single day.
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has resigned as Speaker of the House of Commons amid a row over allegations of sexual harassment.
Belfast is one of Northern Ireland's most popular tourist destinations.
Thomas Ridgewell is one of the most successful YouTube vloggers in the world.
The chief executive of Redrow has accused the housing industry of a "wall of bureaucracy" that prevents builders from building new homes.
England must focus on the positives rather than dwell on the negatives, says fly-half Rhys Hall.
When Laura Robson arrived at Flushing Meadows on Saturday morning, she had no idea what to expect.
A police officer has been charged with two counts of misconduct in public office.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Cricket Ireland are in talks with the West Indies over the vacant head coach's job, BBC Sport understands.
Plans to turn a Nottinghamshire town into a Civil War museum have been given the go-ahead by a council.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Callum Wilson on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's 5,000m world record has been ratified as official by UK Athletics, according to former world champion Laura McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side are still favourites to win the Ashes series against Australia.
Plans to turn a Grade II listed building in Cardiff into flats have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 208 man-mediated minerals have been discovered on the surface of the Earth, according to scientists.
A 15-year-old boy in Malaysia has been removed from his body after living with a "parasite" twin, local media report.
Scotland's best total of athletes at the World Championships has been confirmed.
A Lancashire high school is being investigated by police after a threat was made on Facebook.
Australian police have arrested four Melbourne women suspected of travelling to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Mark Stoneman's unbeaten century helped Durham beat Warwickshire by six wickets in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
The UK could remain in the European Union after the referendum, a credit agency has said.
David Warner's absence from the Ashes tour of England has been described as "unacceptable".
Retired firefighters and police officers in Wales are to receive compensation totalling £5.24m, the Welsh government has said.
Scientists at the University of York have discovered how a cancer cell can break free from its moorings and move around freely.
British number one Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the French Open with a straight-set win over Serbia's Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba, as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Bristol City moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Luton Town.
Ricky has tried out the Oculus Rift.
Qatar is one of the richest countries in the world, but it is also the world's most water-poor.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Italy for the start of a five-day visit to France and Italy.
EastEnders fans have been reacting to the soap's decision to introduce a new family to Walford.
There's a lot of rain in the UK, and it's supposed to be a good thing.
The Conservatives have increased their majority on Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan is one of Northern Ireland's most prominent civil rights activists.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two-year deals for an undisclosed fee.
A bus company is to go into administration with the loss of 40 jobs, a union has warned.
A man accused of murdering a woman with a hammer claimed he saw her hitting him with the weapon, a court has heard.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with a comfortable win over Brighton.
A man has admitted killing his wife because he feared she was going to move to Pakistan.
The Metropolitan Police has said it cannot afford to have officers think twice about shooting someone because they fear the consequences of shooting someone.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in West Yorkshire.
An MP has apologised for suggesting that type 1 and 2 diabetes are linked to obesity.
The film adaptation of Irene Nemirovsky's novel Suite Francaise, which was nearly never published, has been released in the UK.
Firefighters have tackled a major blaze at an industrial estate in Kent.
Defending champion Rafael Nadal will play at the Aegon Championships in Aegon on 6 June.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying acid capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
Donald Trump's visit to the European Union has been described as a "fantastic" and a "great" tour of the alliance, but it was also a very different experience for the US president.
National League side Ravens have signed former Liverpool captain Ryan Ngoo on a two-year deal.
A major bushfire in Australia has killed at least one person and injured more than 100 in the past 24 hours.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive at his home have said new evidence is "completely inexplicable".
The number of new accounts opened in Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has risen by more than a third in the last two years, according to police forces.
A jigsaw puzzle that went missing after being pieced together by a Norfolk man has been re-cut by a Spanish company.
An eight-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car at a Snowman Rally in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners are to meet for the first time in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store in Powys has been fined £75 and ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has been named Scoop Of The Year at the Royal Television Society Awards.
Croatia's Jewish community has said it will boycott next week's official ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the death camp at the Auschwitz death camp.
Manchester United have signed Chelsea striker Adnan Januzaj on a season-long loan deal.
Hearts fans have offered to contribute £3m towards the club's main stand project over the next five years.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino has " bought into" the club's fitness programme.
Saracens and Harlequins will meet in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals at Twickenham on Saturday.
The mother of a man who died after being hit by a car has paid tribute to her "beautiful" son.
England women secured their first win of the Women's Rugby World Cup with a 27-16 victory over New Zealand.
A paraglider narrowly escaped injury when she was hit by a light aircraft, a report has found.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a farm near the border with the Republic of Ireland.
A former church bell-ringer has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys in the video game Fifa.
When British indie band Oh Wonder released their first album, Body Gold, it was a huge success for the band.
A school has decided not to take action against a 15-year-old boy who wrote "cooker bomb" instead of "cucumber" on a cucumber.
A woman has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter was locked in the boot of a car in a car park in Utah.
A "five person attack" on Aberdeen University student George Galloway has been reported to police.
Qatar won the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history with a 2-0 win over Algeria in Cairo.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says progressing into the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a learning passport as part of a series of reforms aimed at improving standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his squad contains players who "don't think the aim is to win".
A man's body has been found at a recycling depot in Somerset.
UKIP has said the final list of candidates to replace Nigel Farage as leader will be revealed on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI has announced the roll-out of 26 mobile neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs).
Super Bowl-winning Philadelphia Eagles defensive end George Polamalu has announced his retirement from football at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a rugby player who was hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Judd Trump will face defending champion Scott Donaldson in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield on Saturday.
Substitute Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Work to transform a Denbighshire school into a Welsh-medium education centre is to be carried out.
Rangers chairman Craig Whyte has been cleared of all charges relating to the takeover of the club.
Tyler Denton scored the only goal of the game as Leeds United beat Luton Town to go top of League Two.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offered a job in a charity or a soup kitchen.
Leyton Orient have appointed former Charlton Athletic assistant manager David Edwards as their new manager.
A couple whose son was killed by a drink driver have called for the maximum sentence for careless driving to be increased.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint by a gang of masked men at a house in Londonderry.
England batsman Jason Roy has become the first player to score a career-best 162 not out in a one-day international.
Ken Owens is not a fan of the term "super sub".
England captain Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex won the toss against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
A man has been found guilty of plotting to carry out a "mass-casualty" attack in Manchester.
Russia is to cut the number of its forces in Syria, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, the defence ministry has said.
Rafael Nadal reached the last 16 of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over German teenager Alexander Zverev.
A man in Brazil has said he has found a large piece of debris he believes to be from a UK satellite.
A teenager has been jailed for life for plotting to kill a British soldier.
A woman who was jailed for stalking a student has won an appeal against her sentence.
At least 28 people have been killed in a building collapse in the Canary Islands, officials say.
St Johnstone were held to a draw by Lithuanian side FK Trakai in the Europa League.
Is it wrong to allow 300%-plus increases in school holidays?
Prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a dispute over the privatisation of prisons.
Fulham have signed striker Emmanuel Cyriac from Dutch side Oostende on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Donald Trump has been sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.
The son of Adolf Hitler's art dealer, Cornelius Gurlitt, has died at the age of 83, German officials say.
Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada head coach Tony Adams has been sacked after seven games in charge of the Spanish club.
Three cars have been involved in a crash in Powys.
Derby County Council has set aside £20m to start work on a new 50m swimming pool.
A school has changed its name following the "unforeseen rise" of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, helped by a rebound in gold prices.
If you're a child in South Africa, you may not know that you have a condition that affects your life.
A woman has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a house in Kent.
Britain's Andy Murray has pulled out of the Aegon Championships because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing bloc has lost its majority in the general election.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's library in Newport could be closed under council plans.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new world record for the longest break in bagpipes.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death at a party in west London.
Women should avoid travelling to areas with a high risk of malaria, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for the general election with a call for a "half measures" tax.
Labour has published a draft of its general election manifesto, which it says would be the most detailed in a generation.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she would meet the Queen if she was elected leader.
The UK job market saw a slight slowdown in May, according to two recruitment agencies.
Brentford Blaze have signed American ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to meet a payment deadline of £148,000.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of beheading his wife.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya have been freed, officials say.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who died in a car fire has been charged with his murder.
UN investigators are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals in Syria, the BBC understands.
A former Methodist minister tried to hypnotise four boys to sexually abuse them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of joining the so-called Islamic State group have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A ferry which was put out of service after hitting a quayside has returned to service.
Swansea City Council has unveiled a plan to regenerate the city's waterfront and create up to 1,000 new homes.
Demonstrations have been held across the Republic of Ireland in support of a campaign to stop people paying their water bills.
Josh Taylor has the potential to become a world champion, according to his trainer Shane McGuigan.
A hoard of paints has been discovered in a South African cave 100,000 years after they were first discovered.
Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Leeds could be transformed into a "motorway city" under plans being considered by the city council.
Abertay University has been named the best university in the world for its degree level qualifications in computer games development.
For many, the words "Yes" and "No" were the most important words of the 2014 Scottish independence referendum.
The Foreign Office is "urgently working" to establish whether a British national has died in Thailand.
Great Britain reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League with a 4-2 win over Argentina in Buenos Aires.
Huddersfield Town are hoping to add to their injury problems by bringing in two players who have been ruled out for a month.
A woman who died after being bitten by mice at a takeaway has been named by police.
A grandmother has been found guilty of stealing £1,000 from Cardiff council's child protection unit.
A Cardiff-based software firm has won a contract to operate online price comparison sites.
North Korea has carried out a military drill near the border with South Korea, threatening to turn the South's presidential residence into a "sea of flames and ashes".
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of Kabul to protest against rising fuel prices.
A database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs has been created by a team of researchers in Germany.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a knee injury.
French justice minister Sylvie Goulard has resigned from the cabinet amid a row over fake jobs.
Steve Dillon, the British artist who drew the Punisher and Judge Dredd, has died at the age of 69.
Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler are one shot off the lead after the second round of the Masters at Augusta National.
The dwarf planet Ceres has been mapped for the first time.
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving.
Pakistan's Foreign Minister Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum has said his country will join a Saudi-led coalition to fight terrorism.
Russia coach Volodymyr Slutsky has resigned after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Broom has signed a new two-year contract with the League One club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been suspended for two months by Cricket Australia for allegedly hitting England's Joe Root on the chin.
Plans for a safari park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead.
A Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by gunmen in the Swat Valley, a stronghold of the Taliban in the south-western province of Swat.
The new chief medical officer of Scotland's health and social care system has been appointed to lead a review of targets.
A former doctor who defrauded a patient out of £10,000 has been struck off the medical register.
A senior member of Bangladesh's main opposition party has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
Mark Wakely and Michael Keogh hit centuries as Leicestershire beat Northants by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Chester-le-Street.
Two men from Pontypridd have been nominated for bravery awards at a ceremony in Cardiff.
A film shot entirely independently in Blaenau Gwent has won best original screenplay of a foreign language film at a film festival.
Ten people have been charged in connection with a slavery operation at a number of traveller sites.
An Australian man has redecorated his Darth Vader costume for the new Star Wars film Rogue One.
A look back at some of the biggest entertainment stories of the year.
Rangers have signed former West Bromwich Albion and West Brom midfielder Paul Dorrans on a three-year deal.
A group of sailors have been rescued after their cabin cruiser became stranded on a lough in Portaferry.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Detectives investigating the murder of a schoolgirl in North Lanarkshire in 1957 are to deploy divers to remove silt from a canal at Carnbroe.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fees in the wake of student protests.
The new series of BBC One drama Atlantis has been rebooted.
Black Friday is set to be the busiest online shopping day of the year, according to analysts.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of methane on Mars.
More than 100,000 children in England have not been offered a place at one of their preferred schools this year, official figures show.
A new exhibition of portraits of famous people has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend is one shot off the lead at the BMW PGA Championship after the second round of play-off against Tyrrell Hatton.
A girl has been taken to hospital after being bitten by a dog.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has donated toy bricks to Lego in response to the company's refusal to sell them to him.
Renault driver Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1.
Ola Jordan and Sally Bercow have been drafted in to the line-up for the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Hearts have signed defender Rherras and striker Sammon from Belgian top-flight side Sint-Truiden.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has sworn in a new cabinet, following the ousting of Tony Abbott.
Too many children are checking their mobile phones before going to bed, according to a survey.
A Rolls-Royce owned by Marilyn Monroe actress Diana Dors has sold for $3m (Â£2.5m) at auction in New York.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a co-worker at a takeaway.
Plans to reintroduce lynx to parts of the UK have been backed by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis's Edinburgh store has reopened to the public for the first time in 43 years.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Rhys Huws and Reading midfielder James Samuel on loan until the end of the season.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan, who has died after being hit by a train.
A Kenyan student has described how she and her fellow students were shot dead by gunmen during a night out in the capital, Nairobi.
A man who travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group has been jailed for five years.
A US commando force has captured an alleged chemical weapons expert in Iraq, according to reports.
The shortlist for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2014 has been announced.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child star Hermione Granger has been cast as a black actress.
Celebrity Big Brother contestant Christopher Biggins has been removed from the show after making homophobic comments about bisexual people.
Denmark has made significant changes to its health system.
Residents of Gourock in Inverclyde have been told to stay indoors after a mine was found on the River Clyde.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has called for the World Cup to be played in one or two countries.
Worcester City have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
A group of bell ringers have recreated the chimes of a 17th Century church in Reading.
The former offices of Reading University are to be turned into apartments.
England prop Billy Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury, BBC Sport understands.
Rail services between Conwy Valley and Anglesey have been disrupted due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death during a fight.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as Manchester United manager.
Eleven whales have been washed up on a beach in the Belgian city of La Rochelle.
A hospital in Greater Manchester is looking to set up a park-and-ride scheme to tackle parking problems.
Eurotunnel has apologised after it was unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers at its Channel Tunnel terminal.
India has seen a sharp drop in the number of women dropping out of the workforce.
Leicester midfielder Craig Shakespeare is expected to make his first start of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury.
A County Antrim MLA has been cleared of making an allegation against a 15-year-old girl.
A primary school which has been closed for more than a week amid a teachers' strike is to reopen on Thursday.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Jamie Murray says his side are in a good position to reach the Pro12 final.
A man has been arrested after a man was killed in a crash on the M4 in Oxfordshire.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
French actress Jean-Marie Lebeau, best known for her role in Casablanca in World War Two, has died at the age of 91.
Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a muscle injury.
A second round of presidential elections in Argentina has been postponed because of a delay in counting.
The England one-day team will travel to Bangladesh for the first time since the attack on a bus in Dhaka in July.
Hundreds of thousands of government employees' personal emails and passwords have been hacked, according to a security firm.
Brexit Secretary David Davis and Scottish Secretary Alasdair Russell have said the UK government has still not made its strategic intentions clear.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre says the EIHL final was a "dream start" for his side.
Welsh lifter Hannah Smith has been named in the Great Britain squad for the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is a transfer target for the Premier League club.
The architect of Dundee's new Museum of Modern Art has said he is "very happy" to see the progress of the project.
Thousands of people have gathered in the Italian city of Venice to protest against a drop in the number of residents.
Two men have been jailed for dumping rubbish in a Coventry street.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it is exploring opportunities for Scottish businesses in China.
As she prepares to be sworn in as a pro-democracy legislator in Hong Kong, she says she has no choice but to appeal against their disqualification.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are preparing to tighten their internet laws to tackle cyber crime.
People have "lost faith" in established political figures as opinion-leaders in the run-up to the EU referendum, a think tank has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Wales looks at the key issues facing the Welsh Conservatives in the general election.
Johanna Konta says she has a "massive amount of room to grow" after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Barcelona have signed China midfielder Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Thousands of homes in Leeds could be without water for several hours after a water main failure.
A children's Christmas attraction at a golf resort in Somerset has been forced to close after complaints from customers.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "not interested" in becoming an MEP.
Ghana's health ministry has reversed its decision to allow professional nurses to work abroad.
A man whose brother was trampled to death by cows has called for improvements to public footpaths.
Bill Bailey's Limboland tour bus has been stolen from the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United.
Plymouth Argyle's late winner against Portsmouth in the second leg of their League Two play-off semi-final was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Japan's Nikkei index fell to a near two-month low on Friday as investors reacted to better-than-expected economic data.
Australia's largest oil and gas producer, Woodside Petroleum, has reported a jump in half-year profits.
How do you keep your online customer data safe from hackers and natural disasters?
The Scottish government has published a new code of practice for stopping and searching members of the public.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Tweedbank have been restored after delays caused by Storm Desmond.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) chief has said the number of players caught doping in the sport is "completely off-the-scale".
Pope Francis has condemned the "first genocide of the 20th Century" in Armenia, saying it was like "a wound to keep bleeding".
Lance Armstrong's public admission that he took performance-enhancing drugs last year has been met with a mixture of disbelief and anger.
Do you want to be one of the first people to drink from a stainless steel cup at a music festival?
A new search and rescue team has been launched at Inverness Air Ambulance Base.
Cardiff City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were available for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has censured Prime Minister Victor Grindeanu for failing to carry out anti-corruption measures.
Sky has admitted that some of its broadband customers in some parts of the UK have been hit by slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under "constant review" following the shooting of a man outside the building on Thursday.
A drug used to treat a rare form of leukaemia has shown no side-effects in the first 12 months, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who died in an attack in Queensland, Australia, have said they are "devastated" by his death.
Atletico Madrid's Luis Suarez says there is fear that Barcelona will be eliminated from the Champions League if they fail to reach the semi-finals.
A Northern Ireland film-maker is hoping to join the burgeoning film industry in Los Angeles.
Two men have been arrested after police seized drugs worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) in Londonderry.
Jeremy Corbyn has become the first Labour MP to sign a motion calling for the removal of vending machines in the House of Commons.
The midlands of County Longford in the Republic of Ireland are one of the most picturesque towns in the country.
Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has said.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the Lancastria disaster.
The government has been accused of "rank hypocrisy, total cynicism and outright opportunism" over the growth of fixed-odds betting machines.
Ethiopians have been paying tribute to one of the country's most famous athletes, who has announced his retirement from competitive sports.
Japanese media tycoon Sumitomo Kita is one of the world's richest men.
Luis Suarez has been given a four-month ban by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed Lithuania international midfielder Lukas Sernas on a season-long loan.
US Soccer has announced new rules for children heading footballs in the United States.
US media giant 21st Century Fox has made a £10.25bn bid for broadcaster Sky, according to Reuters' calculations.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
A post office worker has been threatened with a knife by two masked men who forced their way into the building and demanded cash.
More than 2,000 teenagers have taken part in the Dartmoor Ten Tors challenge.
The Irish government and the UK are investigating a £15m deal to buy Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died and another man who was injured in a swimming accident at a beauty spot.
A 56-year-old man has been reported to prosecutors in connection with a sexual assault on a young girl.
Former Newcastle United player N'Golo Cisse has paid tribute to former midfielder Victor Tiote at his funeral.
Asian shares were mixed on Monday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election.
Blackberry has reported a profit for the first three months of the year, helped by the launch of its latest smartphone, the Z10.
Oil and gas services firm Proserv has won two contract wins in the North Sea.
A pay rise of "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in the course of this Parliament to ensure an adequate supply of teachers, the Teaching Support Board (STRB) has said.
Voters in the European Union have returned to the polls for the first time in more than 50 years.
Mae cynllun morlyn yn Abertawe wedi croesawu casgliadau'r adroddiad ar gyfer cynlluniau llawer mwy mewn rhannau eraill o'r DU.
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not hold a referendum on a council tax rise after a majority of residents said no.
The United Nations has called for a quota on the amount of corn produced in the US to be suspended.
Curvy glasses make it harder to pace yourself with soft drinks, a study suggests.
League Two side Colchester United have signed midfielder James Dugdale and defender Adam Cole on two-year deals.
Kickstarter has been accused of failing to vet applicants for a new video game.
The man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings received injuries to every part of his body, a medical examiner has testified.
The NHS strike in England and Northern Ireland has ended.
A Mississippi man is suing a funeral home for allegedly discriminating against gay people.
Nottingham's caves are to be opened to the public in a virtual reality tour.
The mother of a baby who died after being left in a car in Australia suffered a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered a gene that makes it easier for cancer to spread in the lungs.
England all-rounder Charlotte Brunt took a hat-trick as Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League.
Scotland's local election results have been hailed as a victory for the Conservatives, according to the Daily Record.
An MP is calling for the restoration of a Grade II* listed house which was once home to the famous British photographer Helen Bell.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the former oil tycoon jailed for 10 years by Russian President Vladimir Putin, says he is considering seeking asylum in the UK.
Cladding used in the Grenfell Tower fire has failed to meet the government's fire safety targets, the home secretary has said.
North Korea has launched a new type of alcoholic drink, the Pyongyang Times reports.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Keith Richards says his side are a much better side than London Irish in the Premiership.
The father of a six-year-old boy who was left alone on a bus in Powys has said he is "in total and utter shock".
US President Donald Trump has been accused of exaggerating the impact of the Paris climate agreement on global temperatures.
An Army reservist who died on a four-day training exercise was "push themselves to the limit", an inquest has heard.
Google is developing a way to detect cancer in the blood, as part of a major medical research project.
Ghana coach Asamoah Gyan has called on his players to "respect the payers".
League Two side Morecambe have signed defender James Edwards on a season-long loan from League Two rivals Plymouth Argyle.
A care worker who stole more than £1m from a disabled man has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said he is " overwhelmingly in favour" of a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of murdered schoolgirl Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest that police failed to investigate whether she was murdered.
More than one million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report has found.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in Londonderry.
At least 36 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition on a rebel-held military base in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, officials say.
A motion of no confidence in the Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Micheál Frazer has been passed by the assembly in Dublin.
Jonathan Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike Championship to seven points with victory in the final race of the season.
The US has said it has granted permission for 37 Afghan prisoners to be released from Bagram jail.
Ben Affleck has been named director of the year at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards for his film Argo.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence has announced an operation to "rid" the country's border territories of terrorist bases and activities.
Tributes have been paid to former sports columnist Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in a street attack.
Britain's Adam Latham won bronze in the men's keirin at the World Track Cycling Championships.
Ospreys will defend their Pro12 title against Cardiff Blues at Twickenham on Saturday.
Sophie Chancellor is to play Lucia in a new Channel 4 drama set in the 1930s.
Joseph Clark was a 29-year-old man from Liverpool who died in the Hillsborough disaster on 15 April, 1989.
A teenager has admitted stabbing a taxi driver in the neck with a machete.
Jodie Taylor's late winner earned England a 1-0 win over the Netherlands in their first Women's Euro 2017 warm-up match.
Bath have signed Newport Gwent Dragons forward Jonny Evans on a two-year deal.
Britain's James Thomson has won the Men's Tour of New Zealand for the first time.
The Australian Greens party has filed a motion to condemn US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug" ahead of the US election.
Olympic gold medallist Vanessa Redgrave and Paralympic champion Chris Hoy are among the stars who will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Games.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has agreed to cover the costs of the grounding of a drilling rig.
Kent residents have called for a solution to the cross-Channel disruption caused by strikes and migrants.
A man who died after being shot in the head in Cardiff has been named by police.
Darren Brathwaite's stunning century helped West Indies beat England by seven wickets in the World Twenty20 final in Barbados.
Dirk Coetzee, one of South Africa's most notorious spies, has died at the age of 83.
Six men have been charged with criminal offences over the Hillsborough disaster, the Crown Prosecution Service has announced.
Archaeologists have uncovered artefacts from the construction of a new road in Inverness.
In the centre of the German city of Bavaria, the streets are bustling with activity.
The Workers Party has said it is "disappointed" by the BBC's decision not to broadcast the general election.
A van carrying Manchester United footballer Robbie Williams has been set alight after it was set on fire.
A 10-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after a vapouriser exploded on a Hogwarts Express train, police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in central London.
The number of people with sight problems in the developing world is set to soar in the coming decades, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Wednesday's 1-0 friendly win over Poland will give his side confidence for the next couple of months.
A man has been jailed for possessing a fake gun in Worthing.
Thousands of people have gathered in London to clean up the graves of Polish servicemen and women who have died in World War Two.
Broadband adverts in England and Wales are to be made more transparent, the advertising watchdog has announced.
A Post Office worker has been seriously injured in a "vicious" attack in the Borders.
A campaign group has warned that the devolution of corporation tax to Northern Ireland would jeopardise employment growth opportunities.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has been partially destroyed by landslips.
Leyton Orient striker Lee Young has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have won five seats in Dorset, including one held by the Liberal Democrats.
Plans to cut services in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved by councillors.
Fife's child protection committee is to review the way services dealt with the case of Liam Fee.
US President Donald Trump has signed a travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
The Australian government has announced plans to revoke citizenship from dual nationals who engage in terrorism-related activities.
Eight soldiers have been sentenced for refusing to stand up during a protest at a parade in the Brecon Beacons.
A man has been seriously injured in an unprovoked attack in a pub in Glasgow.
Rock star Danny Hart has announced he is releasing a new album.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open third round for the first time with a straight-set win over Britain's Dan Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from football.
Wigan Athletic have signed defender James Dunkley from Oxford United on a two-year deal.
The vast majority of the world’s open ocean is unregulated, according to scientists.
The fatal crash of a bin lorry in Glasgow is to be investigated by the Public Health Inquiry (FAI).
Jonathan Bell, the former enterprise minister, has said he was told by two DUP advisers that he would not be allowed to reduce the tariff on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The new police control room service in Dumfries has performed "to the satisfaction of the public", according to a report.
The Scottish government has said it is considering extending the Borders Railway to Hawick and Carlisle.
A campaign group has won the right to challenge a decision to run overhead electricity cables between two wind farms in Conwy county.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino and Salomon Rondon are as good for the club as they are for Tottenham.
A group of Herdwick sheep sculptures have been installed in the Lake District to raise money for a rehabilitation centre.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 2-0 defeat by Spain in their Euro 2016 qualifier was a "special" result.
An early copy of a Byzantine gold pendant has been found in Norfolk.
A UKIP donor has said his membership has been suspended pending an appearance at a NEC meeting.
Plans to improve Cardiff's transport system have been unveiled.
Two County Antrim umpires have become the first women to officiate a senior county cricket match.
A woman who was sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale has staged a protest against a council's handling of historical abuse cases.
Police investigating the murder of a man in the Republic of Ireland have found a burnt-out car.
A "zombie" caterpillar has been found hanging from a branch of a tree in Merseyside.
A "cold, calculating, predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for eight years for raping and sexually abusing children.
Brentford moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable win at bottom side Bolton.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "hopeful" someone will come forward to help solve the mystery.
Alex Davies and Alex Jarvis hit centuries as Derbyshire fought back against Lancashire on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over DR Congo.
Eight Aston Villa fans and seven Leicester fans have been arrested after a fight at the Premier League match.
The bombing of Manchester during World War Two has been described as one of the most devastating events in the city's history.
Tom Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford beat Widnes to record their first Super League win of the season.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A man who killed a woman at a hotel in Newport intending to serve his entire sentence, a court has heard.
People with chronic illnesses are more likely to experience a feeling of fear, hopelessness and despair, a study has found.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has extended the suspension of six Russian athletes for failing drugs tests.
Australia's biggest bank, the Clydesdale, has set aside another £500m to compensate customers for mis-selling payment protection insurance.
A zebra has died after being shot with a tranquiliser dart at a golf course in Japan.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a hospital in Glasgow city centre.
Police in Brazil have said they are "disappointed" by the number of killings in the country in the past year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the possibility of a polygraph test for police recruits.
A rare Mein Kampf book by Adolf Hitler is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time.
The former chief executive of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has been accused of using his position to buy support for the government.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder David Rachubka on a two-year deal.
Jamaica and the UK have agreed a deal to build a new £1bn prison in the capital, Kingston.
Bangladesh's central bank has been targeted by hackers trying to steal $1bn (Â£1.5bn) of cash from other banks, according to reports.
Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
Aberdeen captain Arron Foster was in the stands at Pittodrie on Boxing Day when he was confronted by a Rangers fan.
A major engineering firm has announced plans for a new facility in Angus.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Murray in the first round of the Aegon Championships at Wimbledon.
Universities in England are now advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit, the government has announced.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man died following an incident in a pub in Harrogate.
Mae'r datblygwyr wedi dalu am y cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy gostio £425m ond mae Llywodraeth Cymru.
Huddersfield Town moved a step closer to a Championship play-off place with a comfortable win over Norwich City.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero does not play in Sunday's Premier League derby against Manchester City.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says his 1,000th Premier League game will be against Stoke City on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from international cricket.
Celtic will be without two of their leading strikers for Saturday's Champions League third-round tie against Rosenborg.
Dumfries and Galloway Council's major festivals and events strategy has "generally met its objectives", according to a review.
The number of inmates killed at a prison in Gloucestershire has more than doubled in the past year, according to the prison watchdog.
Ulster captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland coach.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on the Isle of Wight for the National Carving Championships.
Schools in England are being set up "left right and centre" to tackle corporal punishment after a teacher was found guilty of abusing pupils.
It is one of the most brutal scenes in Shakespeare's play The Tempest.
The UK's energy regulator has urged consumers to switch suppliers for savings of hundreds of pounds.
Dolly Parton has been announced as the headline act for this year's Lulworth Festival.
St Helens prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks for striking Newcastle prop Scott Lawson with his forearm during Saturday's defeat by the Falcons.
Jeremy Corbyn has called for properties to be found and requisitioned in London to make sure Grenfell Tower residents get re-housed locally.
The creator of the Bitcoin virtual currency has said he has stopped working on the currency.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a lorry in Lancashire.
A group of Saudi Arabian girls have won gold medals in a competition in the United States.
Ospreys secured their first Pro12 win of the season with a bonus-point victory over Benetton Treviso.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for freezing temperatures over Christmas.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an abscess in his appendix.
The battle between Apple and the FBI over encryption keys has been described as "ugly" by security experts.
When Deutsche Bank published its forecast for the general election, it said that the outcome of the vote would be "better than the possible consequence of a Conservative led government".
The pace of US manufacturing expansion slowed in June, according to a closely watched survey.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Hugh Kinsella Cunningham visits the Democratic Republic of Congo to meet some of the boxers hoping to follow in the footsteps of Muhammad Ali.
The Dorney leisure centre in Camden is a busy place with a busy playground, a playground and a swimming pool.
It's been a busy year for homeless people in England.
Aer Lingus has announced it is to stop all its summertime flights in the UK.
At least two people have been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Izmir, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to former British Prime Minister David Cameron, who has died at the age of 91.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in Oxfordshire on Saturday.
Portadown will take on Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Saturday.
Ukrainian pro-Ukrainians hackers have been waging a campaign of cyber warfare against rebel-held areas of the country.
A man has been jailed for two years after admitting possessing weapons at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel's Scunthorpe plant could be put up for sale.
Phil Mickelson carded a one-under-par 63 in the first round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
The transport system for London's Olympic Stadium has been hit by a series of problems.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, but shares in Dixons Carphone rose after it reported better-than-expected sales.
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has reached a six-year high, official figures show.
Land managers have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
A British singer is visiting the US to encourage more people to sign up as bone marrow donors.
The budget for 2017/18 is set to shrink by £400m, the finance secretary has said.
A lorry has crashed into a house, leaving it leaning against a house.
England prop Alex Healy has been ruled out of the first Test against Argentina on Saturday and has been replaced by Cianbisiero.
The scandal surrounding Malaysia's state-owned investment fund, 1MDB, has raised questions about the government's handling of the scandal.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in Govanhill.
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
A flagship youth unemployment scheme has been temporarily closed by the Welsh government.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest in Belfast against the policies of President Donald Trump.
Two men have been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in a park.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland is to be held by the Scottish government.
The family of a woman who was taken to hospital after a week when the hospital missed its admissions target have criticised the hospital's staff.
The European Parliament has accused the far-right National Front (FN) of defrauding MEPs out of €1m (£1.5m) in 2012.
The UK is to introduce a new £35,000 pay threshold for migrants, the government has announced.
Britannia has been named Scotland's best attraction for 10 consecutive years.
London Underground (LU) is to ballot its drivers on new rosters, the Aslef union has said.
An 18th Century fort in the Vale of Glamorgan is to go on display for the first time.
A number of homes in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire have been flooded after torrential rain caused flooding.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
The EU has said it is in talks with Turkey over a plan to return all Syrian refugees to Turkey, in a bid to ease the migrant crisis.
The UK has warned its citizens of the risks of travelling to the US because of new anti-LGBT laws in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Gillingham chairman Alan Scally has said the club's future is at risk if they do not build a new stadium.
A man has been found dead at a house in Londonderry.
Ipswich Town came from behind to beat Derby County and move out of the Championship relegation zone.
A fast underarm throw is the best way to get a piece of paper into a bin, according to a new study.
Warwickshire have extended the contracts of all three of their second-team players, including all-rounder James Thornton.
Vote Leave have launched a competition to see who can win £50m (about £350m a week) from the European Union.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow across parts of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he would be surprised if there was a big exodus of players from the club this summer.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has said he is not interested in becoming the next president of the world football body.
More than half of men in the UK are diagnosed with a form of meningitis.
Sky Sports have dropped darts pundit Eric Bristow after he made homophobic comments about sex abuse victims.
Two people have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC has said it is "extremely ambitious" and will work with "some of the greatest cultural forces in the world" as it prepares to renew its charter.
US home improvement retailer Home Depot has reported a surge in sales, helped by a warm winter.
Forest Green Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on a season-long loan from League Two side Dale United.
A Turkish court has ordered the trial of more than 100 people accused of involvement in a deadly coalmine disaster.
Islamic State (IS) militants will "fall and fall soon" in Mosul, the last major city in Iraq still under its control, the UK has said.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6-4 6-2 win over Daniil Dodig and Aljaz Bedene.
A 24-year-old man has appeared in court after a security alert at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced 10 policemen to death for the murder of a group of Sikh men in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh 25 years ago.
The British have learned the virtues of strict discipline from China, according to a former vice-chancellor of the University of Buckingham.
A shake-up of executive pay in the UK is being considered by civil servants.
A Glasgow shipyard that went into administration has been bought out by a private equity firm.
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager who was murdered in Greater Manchester more than 30 years ago has been shown on BBC Crimewatch.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash have said they are "utterly broken".
A new minister has been appointed to the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Guus Hiddink has been appointed Chelsea's new manager on a two-year deal, replacing Jose Mourinho.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson reached the final of the Aegon Classic in Birmingham with a 6-2 6-3 win over the Chan family.
Australia won the Rugby League World Cup for the first time in their history with a ruthless victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A surf lagoon in Conwy county has been closed for the winter because of a fault.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed building from fire.
Higher education is the best possible antidote to radicalisation, according to the new vice chancellor of Oxford University.
The Lego Movie has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards.
Three senior staff at Dumfries and Galloway Council have gone into voluntary redundancy.
World number one Lydia Ko is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Women's US Open.
BT has appointed Joe Garner as its new chief executive, the company has announced.
Kilmarnock have signed Callum Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
The Church in Wales has said it has received objections to plans to merge two schools in Gwynedd.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for life for conspiring to smuggle firearms into the UK from the Netherlands.
The New Horizons spacecraft is to burn a thruster burn to prepare for its flyby of Pluto.
Wasps have signed England centre Danny Cipriani on a two-year deal.
The government has given the go-ahead for a Chinese investment in the UK's first nuclear power station since the Brexit vote.
Aldershot came from behind to beat Grimsby and move up to second in the National League.
McDonald's Japan is facing a food shortage.
Cambridge University have signed Wales scrum-half Rhys Roberts for Saturday's Six Nations match against Oxford.
Judges in England and Wales could be able to jail rapists who film their attack and distribute it to others, under new guidelines.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president has said he wants to work with the far-right Freedom Party to create an "identity".
Twelve years ago, Jordan Spieth was offered the chance to win the Masters for the first time in his life.
Thousands of people who failed to renew their tax credits have been urged to take action by HM Revenue and Customs.
Bolton Wanderers have confirmed that manager Chris Wilder has been appointed as their new manager.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach David Johnston says his side's two wins in two days were a good opportunity to make it a four-point weekend.
The world's largest container ship has arrived in Suffolk for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their 100% start to the T20 Blast with a six-wicket win over Gloucestershire at Cardiff.
It is "degrading and counterproductive" to simply shift money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks around, councils have said.
Land Rover has unveiled a new version of its iconic Defender car.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says he wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
US paint maker PPG has rejected a bid from Akzo Nobel for the paints and coatings firm.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 5-1 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
The Red Cross has warned that thousands of people are dying "silently" because of the humanitarian crisis in Yemen.
United Airlines has suspended its Belfast to Newark air route.
South Africa's failure to win in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Gabon has been blamed on the team's poor preparation, says former captain David Mashaba.
Russia has launched a new version of its Wikipedia website.
When Andrew Fearon retired from bobsleigh at the age of 18, he was suffering from a series of injuries.
Stuart Boyd says it would be "difficult" for Scottish football teams to play in the United States.
Four men have been arrested after a mother and daughter were killed in a crash in Oldham.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed West Bromwich Albion midfielder Ryan Gape on a season-long loan deal.
An eight-year-old boy who ran the final 20m of a children's race without his walking frame has been named Yorkshire's Sportsman of the Year.
The global debate over climate change has been at the centre of a series of controversies over the past few years.
David Ginola has launched a campaign to become the first person to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of Fifa.
Former world number one Laura Evans will face England's Laura Doherty in the third round of qualifying for the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl for an England legend.
Burkina Faso coach Didier Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Gabon next month.
A police officer used a Taser on a man who was threatening to set himself alight, an inquest has heard.
The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union has rejected a new offer from Southern rail in a dispute over driver-only trains.
At least one person has died and more than 1,000 homes have been destroyed in wildfires in northern California, officials say.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Steve Watson after a run of three straight defeats.
Police searching for two women who abducted a jogger in California have found a message branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
A bid has been made to reopen a historic swimming pool in Reading which was closed to the public during World War One.
It's been a busy week in the world of emoji.
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".
England's Paul Hadwin missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a three-under-par 66 in the final round.
More than 100 people have signed a letter urging the SDLP to reconsider its planned protest parade in Ardoyne, County Antrim.
A sapling in Glasgow has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Michael Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United captain Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station has been operational for the first time, officials say.
The coroner who ruled the death of a woman at a hospital has said he will write to the Department of Health about staffing levels at weekends.
Ospreys coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
HM Naval Base Devonport could be placed under special measures for up to five years, the nuclear watchdog has warned.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Birmingham City's Adam Adams has been cleared to play for the first time since he was sent off in the Championship win over Bristol City.
A mother and son who were found dead at a house in west London have been named by police.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for a national ban on bringing animals on to hospital wards.
Parents should be banned from buying stimulant laxatives in large quantities, according to a charity called Beat.
The UK has a massive surplus in goods with the European Union, according to the UK's trade minister.
Irish police have arrested a man in the Republic of Ireland in connection with the London terror attack.
Teachers' pay in Wales will be devolved, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a permanent exhibition at the former Auschwitz death camp in Poland to mark the 50th anniversary of the Holocaust.
Wales has resettled more Syrian refugees than any other UK jurisdiction in the past three months.
Jazz Ennis- Hill is one of the organisers of this year's Royal Festival of Running in Windsor.
A Norwegian soldier has died after his car was involved in a collision with a tank during a military exercise in southern Norway, police say.
At the scene of Saturday's attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, hundreds of worshippers have gathered to pray.
Italian police have seized millions of euros in assets belonging to a notorious fraudster.
Two Swiss men have been caned in Singapore for vandalising cars and public property.
Plans to improve the landscape of the Snowdonia mountains have been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian government facility, saying it was the right choice to strengthen its nuclear deterrence.
The Belfast Giants will play the Belfast Lightning in a pre-season friendly in the Elite League.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terror charges, his lawyer has said.
A memorial service has been held to mark the start of the construction of the new High Speed Line between London and Birmingham.
Chris Stevens hit a career-best century as Kent beat Essex by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has accused Syrian rebels of preparing to capture villages inhabited by Lebanese Shia Muslims.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said there is "much to be done" in the independence referendum.
A large fire has broken out at a house in Gloucestershire.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Cameras are to be deployed in Pembrokeshire to help police investigate complaints against officers.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to complete 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa.
Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he joined Celtic, according to former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson.
A woman who died after being arrested in Lancashire has been named by police.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says his side were "desperate not to be part of what happened in Saturday's World Cup quarter-final defeat by Argentina".
A Japanese father who left his seven-year-old son alone in a hut for six days has said he forgives him.
A man has been banned from driving for life after he was found to be more than four times the legal drink drive limit.
Plans for a major mixed development in Denbighshire have been given the go-ahead following a public inquiry.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on forced leave after a video emerged showing him kicking a Palestinian lorry driver.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, says Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
A job agency has been criticised for asking "beautiful and attractive" women to work on its website for up to £50,000-a-year.
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, a Church of England survey has found.
The graves of four young girls who were killed in a bomb explosion at a Wrexham cottage during World War One have been uncovered by historians.
The daughter of former peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse as "bonkers".
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies in Florida and Ohio.
People who read regularly as children are more likely to have better vocabulary than those who do not read newspapers, a study suggests.
National League side Lincoln City have signed midfielder Ryan Davis on a two-year deal.
Some of the pictures from around the world have been used to capture the excitement of the general election.
Justice Secretary John Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Aid workers in Vanuatu have reached some of the worst-hit areas of the country after Cyclone Pam hit the island.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the neck in the German city of Hannover.
Barnsley moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable win over Coventry thanks to goals from Ben Roberts and Tom Fletcher.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor start to the season is down to a lack of confidence.
When Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated in 1938, his family had moved to a village in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
Hundreds of workers at a telecommunications company in Torfaen have been left "devastated" by the closure of their offices.
A mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of four sexual assaults has resigned.
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
A council has defended its decision to stop cyclists from cycling in Mansfield Market ahead of the Tour of Britain.
Three Syrian refugees who escaped police surveillance in Leipzig have been awarded Germany's highest civilian honour for their bravery.
Households aged 45-54 are more likely to be less wealthy than those born a decade earlier, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing Podemos party has launched its manifesto in the run-up to Monday's general election.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
Two things have come out of the blue for BP.
Pupils at a Gloucestershire school have been sent home for failing to wear the regulation black leather shoes.
Bollywood star Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film based on the life of an Indian boxer who fled violence in the north-eastern state of Assam.
The Forth Crossing project has been given its "best shot" at opening by May 2017, the project's boss has said.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
The villagers of Wukan in Guangdong province are demanding the release of their former leader, Lin Zuluan.
"Greatest election campaign I have ever seen."
A manufacturer of washing machines has been awarded a £1m grant to build a new production line in Kent.
US President Barack Obama has criticised the UK's intervention in Libya, saying there is "room for criticism".
A man who was convicted of shooting dead two RUC officers in a shoot to kill incident 32 years ago is to have his conviction quashed at the Court of Appeal.
North Korea has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government, state media report.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas from Doonhamers for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Leigh Centurions moved up to fourth in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Salford Red Devils.
Actress Jaime Winstone is to play Dame Barbara Windsor in a new biopic of her life, the BBC has announced.
Militineers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Bouaké, in the north-eastern city of Abidjan, officials say.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to end a controversial tax on tampons.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the government is "turning a corner" in the recovery of the UK economy.
It's easy to get caught up in the EU summit.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the next assembly term.
Plans for a 1,200-seater new school in Sheffield have been approved by the city council.
The price of Scottish pork has fallen by 18% in the last year, according to a trade union.
In the world of luxury goods, there are plenty of people making goods that are just as good as the ones you're wearing.
A gang of thieves who stole power cables worth more than £1m have been jailed for three years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to three months in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour's home in Los Angeles.
Schools across Scotland are now being asked to include children with disabilities in all aspects of school life.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens hooker Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Michael Jackson's songwriter Sir Rod Temperton has died, his family has announced.
Sussex's Katie Taylor has been ruled out of England's one-day and Twenty20 series against Pakistan in June.
Nathaniel Zohore scored the only goal of the game as Cardiff City came from behind to draw with Burton Albion.
A man has denied causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on two of Scotland's busiest motorways as part of a £1.5bn road improvement project.
Moeen Ali hit a career-best 58 as England's batsmen struggled on day three of the second Test against South Africa at The Oval.
Amputee football is a sport that has been going for many years south of the border.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
Ospreys captain Duncan Jones says it is "disappointing" that the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has not signed a new contract with the Welsh region.
The shortage of supermarkets in the UK garden market is a "distinction of choice", says Monty Don, host of the BBC's Gardeners' World.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued from a sinking ship off the coast of Oban.
Oscar Pistorius has told the South African murder trial that his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp was killed by a cricket bat while he was holding her.
Israeli police have launched a criminal investigation into companies that organise high school students' trips to Holocaust memorials.
Bradford fought back from a goal down to draw with Oldham.
Nice have signed former Netherlands defender Janne Sneijder for an undisclosed fee.
Dover made it two wins from two in the National League with a 3-1 victory over Chester.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation event in Falmouth.
A three-year project to upgrade key motorway routes in Scotland has begun.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter, a police and crime commissioner has said.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he would rather see David Cameron and the Conservatives back in government than actually work with the SNP.
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old son has told police she is "under a huge amount of emotional pressure and strain".
Plans for a new Welsh medium school in Haverfordwest have been approved by councillors.
A lot of people in the UK are worried about the number of children needing hospital treatment.
The family of a boy who was bitten by a dog in Cardiff have been ordered to pay £10,000 in damages.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue of a British general.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the UK's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
A flag from the Battle of the Somme is believed to have been flown above Nelson's warship, an auctioneer has said.
A British student has been sentenced to five years in prison in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine with a street value of £3.
Police have been given the all-clear to hand over the transcripts of a former loyalist journalist's account of the Troubles.
Russia's Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his bronze medal at the Rio Olympics after failing a drugs test.
Antonio scored twice as Watford came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest.
It is "more important than ever" that Wales spread the message of togetherness and unity over Christmas, the first minister has said.
Golf's Olympic future could be put at risk if the PGA Tour does not follow anti-doping rules, says the sport's governing body.
Imagine you have an Instagram account pretending to be you.
Police have released CCTV footage of a raid on a cafe in Sydney that led to the death of a hostage, an inquest has heard.
Four Royal Navy frigates are to be recycled after being put up for sale.
Salford Red Devils have signed Australia international Tyrone McCarthy from Wolves for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln.
Syria has agreed to destroy its chemical weapons arsenal by 1 November, the UN's chemical weapons watchdog says.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could improve lung function, say doctors.
A bookshop that has been used as a set for the film When Did You Last See Your Father is facing a £5,000 bill to restructure.
Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland, the Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has said.
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting England.
A man has been jailed for six months for posting "grotesque" comments on Facebook about a missing boy.
The president of Cyprus is due to sign a bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Two mountain rescue teams have climbed to the highest summits in St Kilda's archipelago.
A speeding camera on the M4 in Cardiff is catching more than 13,000 drivers a day, according to the council.
The inquests into the deaths of 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been opened with a minute's silence at Manchester Crown Court.
The Department of Transport (DRD) has been ordered to pay compensation to a company that failed to secure a contract for a new dual carriageway.
Mae adeiladu arena ddigidol a chanolfan gynhadledd i'r ffordd wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal ogleddol a deheuol y ddinas.
A Nottinghamshire doctor who was jailed for five years for wounding patients has had his jail term increased.
Two disabled people have won a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their welfare payments.
David Cameron and the SNP have clashed over the government's handling of the tax debate in the House of Commons.
A number of shots have been fired at a police station in the German city of Friedrich-Stoltze, police say.
Five teachers' unions in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education and their employers.
More than half of nurseries and childminders say they will not offer free childcare to children in term time, according to a survey.
Scientists have discovered that flamingos can stand one-legged while having a doze.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Londonderry.
The RMT union has agreed a pay and conditions deal for staff on the Night Tube service in London.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones has completed a 5,000-mile (8,000km) cycle race across the UK in a bid to raise awareness of child abduction.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey for allegedly insulting the president, her lawyer says.
Two RNLI lifeboats have been involved in a major search for a man reported to have fallen into the River Severn in Broughty Ferry.
Plans for a multi-million pound shopping complex in Northamptonshire have been approved by the government.
Latin American countries have condemned Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to order the dissolution of the National Assembly.
Councils in Wales should be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh Government has said.
A 19-year-old man has been seriously injured after being attacked by two men in a park in Carmarthenshire.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers for January, following a rise in international flights.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is at a "tense juncture".
In the wake of the protests in Nicosia, there was a sense of unease in Europe's corridors of power.
Two people have appeared in court in Zimbabwe charged with poaching after a lion was killed by hunters.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the military after being involved in a confrontation with a group of protesters at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax.
The Conservatives have won all their seats in Cheshire in the general election.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana has said.
A bus has crashed into a wall and a roadside wall before coming to rest against a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman he had arranged for to visit his flat.
Scotland has missed its target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2020, according to new figures.
How Welsh was King Arthur before the Saxons?
Work on the new high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham is set to cause a "huge number of weekend closures", a transport group has warned.
A lorry driver has been jailed for seven years for causing the deaths of a mother and her unborn baby.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his work practices.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was set alight at a house in Greater Manchester.
A tree office is to be built in east London for the first time.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has scrapped knights and dames from the country's honours system.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 24-24 on Sunday to win the Super Bowl for the first time in their history.
A Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film has said it was a "dream come true".
Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Matej Benedicic on a season-long loan deal.
A construction worker has described a £1m arts centre in north Wales as a "mess".
We arrived at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon in the early hours of the morning.
The parents of a teenager who was killed by a schizophrenic have said they want the charity to end.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Londonderry.
An Orange Order parade has been held in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast.
Shares in Anheuser-Busch InBev have risen after the brewer raised its offer for rival SABMiller.
A humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted off the coast of Australia.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government faces "tough choices" over its spending plans.
A Danish court has sentenced a journalist to 18 months in jail for leaking information about the country's royal family.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Alex Andrew has had his six-match ban for violent conduct extended by the Football Association.
Nottinghamshire have signed former England batsman James Taylor on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Former Manchester United midfielder Nani says he is "very confident" Valencia will have better results in the future.
England manager Sam Allardyce says he is concerned about the future of goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Barry O'Shea's late goal secured victory for League One strugglers Port Vale against League One relegation rivals Barnsley.
China's imports fell in September from a year earlier, according to official figures.
A peer has been found guilty of posting a racist message on Facebook in which he offered Â£5,000 for the first person to "accidentally" run over a "fugitive first generation immigrant".
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by 3% in the year ending September 2015, according to official figures.
More than half of Scottish firms believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to a Fraser of Allander Institute survey.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney is available to face Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
France's centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over social and economic reforms in a televised debate.
Doting fathers are more likely to have a positive impact on their babies' cognitive development, a study suggests.
The government has said it will honour its manifesto pledge to fund free school meals for all infants.
Pembrokeshire council has been asked to limit the number of black bags it collects in a bid to save money over the next four years.
A California man has been jailed for 16 years for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A football club has become the first in the UK to go vegan, after removing meat from its menu.
Rotherham United have signed former Dundee United midfielder Tom van Zanten on a two-year deal.
Novak Djokovic and Serena Williams reached the French Open semi-finals for the first time in their careers with straight sets victories.
MSPs have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull boss Marco Silva has made only one change to his squad for Saturday's Premier League game at Burnley.
Manchester City have rejected a £10m bid from West Bromwich Albion for defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War One Bomber Command pilot who died in hospital in Lancashire.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson won her first medal of the World Indoor Championships as Great Britain claimed six medals.
A survivor of the terror attack on a train in Brussels has described how he and other passengers were abandoned by train staff.
A Galapagos tortoise has died at the age of 90.
The USA women's football team will be honoured in a parade in New York on Wednesday.
The funerals of two Irish boys who were found dead in a car in County Mayo have taken place.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a child and making indecent images of children.
Plans for a new post-16 centre in Torfaen have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Rare photographs of Dambusters during World War Two have been sold at auction.
A County Fermanagh butcher has created a new type of Easter egg to celebrate Wimbledon.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's return to the starting line-up was "over" after the striker scored in the 1-0 win over Aston Villa.
A Russian conductor has performed in the ruins of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time since Islamic State (IS) militants attacked the city.
The Metropolitan Opera has shelved plans to broadcast an opera about the hijacking of a Palestinian cruise ship by Palestinian militants.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says the club needs to improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
The UK has abandoned its leadership on climate change, a UN climate change expert has said.
A robot that could not read or understand has outperformed thousands of high-school pupils in maths, according to Japanese researcher Yoko Arai.
A Syrian rebel group says it has captured the pilot of a jet which crashed in the north-eastern province of Idlib on Sunday.
Former England rugby union coach Stuart Lancaster is in talks with Toulon over the vacant head coach's job.
The voice of Kermit the Frog has been removed from the Muppets.
The answer to the death of a 21-year-old man in Larkhall lies within the local community, police have said.
An oil rig has gone aground on the Isle of Lewis after being grounded by a tug boat.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a teenager by careless driving.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says his side must win to "turn this year around" for themselves.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he "didn't have a choice" but to remove midfielder Mats Hummels from the squad.
A house in Londonderry has been damaged in two separate attacks.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru are to launch their election manifesto in London on Thursday.
A swan which was shot in the wing with a bow and arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild.
The Council for Wales of Voluntary Youth Services is to become the first body in Wales to register non-formal and in-work learning.
Human rights group Amnesty International has condemned reports that Saudi Arabia is preparing to put to death dozens of people.
Huddersfield Town have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder James Morgan-Smith on a two-year deal.
A group of zebras have taken to the streets of New York City to escape a sale of horses.
Four men have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff ledge in Skye.
The Crown Office has said it will not file a formal prosecution report against a Dundee West MP accused of using a fire engine painted in the colours of a saltire.
The Conservatives are the only party in a position to secure an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure is linked to increasing understanding of our own identities and understanding of world views, a report says.
Silverstone's owners have triggered a "break clause" to prevent the British Grand Prix being held in London, says former Formula 1 driver Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in Bridgend county has installed a high-definition weather camera in a bid to reduce the number of launches.
United Airlines has become the first airline in the world to offer hackers a million flight miles in return for reporting security flaws.
Michael Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Horses are more likely to react to angry and happy faces, according to researchers.
Police in north Wales have carried out a record number of breath tests on motorists as part of a campaign to reduce deaths on the roads.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in Edinburgh.
Championship leaders Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga as they were held to a goalless draw by Charles.
Gabriel Davies scored twice as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on their next Premier League game.
A drug which could reduce the risk of HIV infection in Wales is to be made available on the NHS, the Welsh Government has announced.
A Russian woman has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban from the track and field.
Social housing in Wales contributed £1.1bn to the economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
Transport for London (TfL) has hired 307 extra staff for the launch of the Night Tube, the operator has said.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a derelict dockyard in Cardiff.
The police inquiry into historical child abuse in England and Wales should be scrapped and replaced with a stronger inquiry, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air three days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
White pupils at English schools now have the lowest application rate of any ethnic group, according to University College London (Ucas).
Hull KR came from behind to beat Halifax in the Challenge Cup.
A baby who died of sepsis could have survived if he had been sent to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking for a disabled swing for her disabled twin brother at a new park.
The granddaughter of a woman murdered by the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) has said the paramilitary display at her grandmother's funeral was what she wanted.
The organisation behind the JogScotland programme in Fife has said it is "devastated" by the decision to pull funding.
The DUP and the Alliance Party are going head-to-head in the East Belfast election.
A Metropolitan Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row between officers and an MP.
Actress Gemma Arterton is to star in a musical adaptation of the 1968 film Made in Dagenham.
England's second innings in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam were a nightmare to watch.
Two farmers have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep from their farms.
Russia's prime minister has said that the "vicious circle of militarisation" of Europe is "not productive".
Team Sky chief executive Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the controversy over his use of a banned drug.
Russian journalist Alexander Tsilikin has been found dead in his home in St Petersburg.
On the morning of the 26th anniversary of the Pan Am hijack, the crew of the doomed plane were preparing to take off from Karachi airport.
Police forces in England and Wales are being "chipped away" by a "conscious form of rationing", a watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with energy firms among the biggest fallers.
Two teenagers have appeared in court charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a Canadian teenager.
Great Britain's Adam Bevan has been ruled out of the Rio Olympics with a leg injury.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
A search is under way for a missing jogger in Powys.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho accused West Ham boss Sam Allardyce of using "black and Decker" tactics to "destroy the wall" of his side's Premier League play-off hopes.
The UN envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile ceasefire in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae angen cofio am newidiadau posib yng Ngogledd Iwerddon, yn ôl Plaid Cymru.
Leigh North says the British and Irish Lions need to "kick on" their tour of New Zealand after missing out on the first two matches.
A World War Two bomb has been found in Sheffield.
A World Cup winning song and video recorded during the Falklands War has been released on the Isle of Man.
Bangladesh's government has sacked a head teacher who was sacked for insulting Islam.
A number of environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been left "shocked" by a major cut in funding.
If you want to find one of the best street food in India, do a visit to the city of Mysore.
Equiniti has been awarded a contract to help the Passport Office improve its time and attendance system.
Two teenage boys who went missing off the coast of Florida have been found safe and well.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the institution is doing "everything in its power" to prevent violence.
Plans to redevelop Bristol City Stadium have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Nick Clegg looks at the Liberal Democrats' performance in local elections.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has said he will "taste" his final three seasons at the club "forever".
Newport County have signed striker Chris Compton and striker James Rigg.
Wales' hopes of qualifying for the Euro 2016 finals in France were dealt a major blow when they lost 2-1 to France in the quarter-finals.
A bridge in the Italian capital, Rome, has been broken apart by the city council because of padlock cutting.
The family of a British man who was found dead in his mother's home in India have called for a proper investigation.
Garry Ringrose has been likened to Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has performed her first live show in more than a decade at London's Roundhouse.
Murchison's late goal gave Skye a 1-1 draw with Kinlochshiel in the MacTavish Cup.
Online news site Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£85,000) to the owner of the site that posted a video of Hulk Hogan having sex with his friend's wife.
SDLP MLA Michael Mallon has endorsed Seamus Eastwood as the party's new leader.
It is almost a year since the Malaysia Airlines plane crash that killed 298 people.
A painting by Pablo Picasso and Vincent Van Gogh has become the most expensive painting to sell at auction in the US.
Drug discovery is one of the most important scientific fields in the world.
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in their Euro 2016 quarter-final in Portugal in Cardiff.
A five-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool at a hotel in Lancashire, an inquest has heard.
A Pakistani man has been charged with murder after a boy was tied to a donkey and beaten to death, local media report.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says Saturday's Championship play-off semi-final against Fife is "the hardest thing to win".
A number of mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed to prevent the spread of flu.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa for information about their transfer dealings with Barcelona.
James Commons says he will be "knocking on the door of 34" next year after making his Celtic debut on his Hibernian debut.
More than 500,000 motorists have driven above 50mph in a 30mph zone in a Leicestershire village in the past year, according to new figures.
French energy group EDF has reported a €1.5bn (£1.1bn) fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he is trying to "fathom" what the pressure of being the top man in snooker should be.
The BBC has signed a new deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations.
When Steven Gerrard announced his retirement from Liverpool at the end of the season, Liverpool's fans reacted with a mixture of anger and relief.
The Northern Ireland Justice Minister has said the government has a responsibility to help deal with legacy investigations.
The Spanish region of Catalonia is in the grip of a political crisis.
A decision on whether to allow a developer to build on a former airfield site in Guildford has been delayed.
A County Londonderry search and rescue group is to receive a further £30,000 in funding.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled in the city centre.
The chief constable of Avon and Somerset Police has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Fifa has refused to allow England and Scotland's players to wear poppies on their shirts.
Venezuela's military says it has received a distress call from a helicopter that crashed in the country on Friday, killing all 298 people on board.
The body of a woman who has been missing for more than a month has been found in Birkenhead.
Keaton Jennings hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset fought back against Durham at Taunton.
Newcastle United have been banned from using their ground as a base for legal action against HM Revenue and Customs.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast have said they are prepared to fight proposed cuts to education.
Blackpool have signed former York City and Blackburn Rovers midfielder Ryan Gormley on a two-year deal.
More than 6,000 people have signed a petition calling for a direct elected mayor for Bath City Council.
Police in Malaysia have found a body in a river in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, in connection with the disappearance of a 43-year-old man.
Detectives investigating the murders of a woman and a man at a flat in west London have launched a fresh appeal for witnesses.
England women's coach Heather Powell says her side's 3-0 win over Japan in the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup can only increase their confidence.
Thousands of people have taken part in a memorial service for King William of Orange in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Wakefield Wolves winger Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The CIA has revised its estimate of the number of Islamic State (IS) fighters to about 10,000.
A new herbal mead could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upset on a Sunday night, researchers have said.
The European Commission has opened a "pilot case" to decide whether homes in Northern Ireland should be charged for water.
A memorial has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One soldier in Eastbourne.
A leading mental health expert has been appointed a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed former Portsmouth and Portsmouth midfielder David Hollands on a two-year deal.
Colombians have voted in the second round of presidential elections.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
England's Mark Simpson has won the World Curling Championship for the first time in his career with a comfortable 11-10 win over Egypt's Ali Fathi.
Tommy Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical and move into the Premiership's top four.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student who was found dead in a burning car.
Jamie Ramsay said he knew he had a chance to win The Open at Castle Stuart.
Leinster moved six points clear at the top of the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has branded the UK government's plans for a new customs union with the European Union "nonsense and ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the Night Tube service will be introduced in the city.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital following a report by a health watchdog.
Sri Lanka's government has said it is ready to take action against the military over allegations of war crimes during the civil war.
Paralysed Paralympic athlete Gemma Butterfield set a new European record on her return to athletics for the first time.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he will take the interests of Wales "extremely seriously".
Fake malaria drugs are killing millions of people every year, according to a new study.
At least 18 people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes.
Teachers at a north London academy are staging a second strike in a row over pay, conditions and conditions.
The US District of Columbia and Maryland have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business ties with foreign governments.
A police base has been used as a training centre for convicted criminals.
Two schools in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted following a drop in pupils' achievement.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her three-month-old son.
Rangers have signed Leeds United midfielder Lukas Zaliukas on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The prime minister has said she will watch Doctor Who on Christmas night.
Australia has become the first country in the world to export feeder and slaughter cattle to China.
Three teenagers have been seen walking with a missing airman in Bury St Edmunds.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for four games after being charged with an elbow.
Dinamo Bucharest will donate the trophy to Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng if they win the Europa League final, the club has said.
Mainland media in China are poring over the testimony of disgraced politician Bo Xilai in his corruption trial in Jinan, Jiangsu province.
A man who has cerebral palsy has said he will not be able to pick up his own car.
Guernsey's States spent just over £1.1m on public relations activity in the past five years, according to official figures.
Lizzie Bryony has won a trampolining medal at the Rio Olympics.
Former shadow home secretary Owen Smith has entered the contest to succeed Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader.
A priest has appeared in court charged with abusing pupils in Inverness.
A schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to be honoured with a plaque in Birmingham.
A top Russian prison official has been arrested over the theft of a mountain road for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has unanimously approved the deployment of more than 200 police officers to Burundi to deal with the country's political crisis.
A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car while drunk.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Leyton Orient beat Luton Town to move into the League Two play-off places.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Barker says British Cycling needs to do more to improve the wellbeing of its riders.
Toyota has pledged to help develop a flying car that could be used to light the Olympic flame.
A 90-year-old woman who has been living in the UK for more than two years is appealing against her expulsion from the country.
The prime minister has said the government is committed to ensuring the policing of Northern Ireland continues to be properly resourced.
Widnes Vikings rugby league player Chrisickle has been taken to hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire utility firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telehandler.
Algeria midfielder Ali Bolhi has left the club to join Turkish side Al Ahly for an undisclosed fee.
A community group has called on a council to delay the process of selling a former school site in Ceredigion.
Colchester United missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Cornish Town manager Lee Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" in the National League.
A photographer has been fined for taking a photograph of a Ferrari racing car parked outside a Kensington office.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing motorbike drivers in Tanzania.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher for the first time this year, helped by a rise in construction shares.
Women are more likely to ask for a pay rise than men, a study in Australia suggests.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a woman was sexually assaulted on a train in Aberdeenshire.
More than 100 soldiers involved in the Bloody Sunday investigation have been contacted by police.
Mae BBC Cymru wedi dau filwr arall yn parhau yn yr ysbyty mewn cyflwr "difrifol" yng Nhreforys yn Abertawe.
A court in Sri Lanka has sentenced a former vice-president to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Fulham midfielder David Lawless on a two-year deal.
A visitor centre has been told its core grant from the Welsh Government will end in 2021.
A teenager has escaped from a plane at San Francisco Airport after leaping through the emergency door and landing on the wing, according to eyewitnesses.
Police investigating the death of a woman in Edinburgh have said they have "no evidence of any criminality".
A group of suspected jihadists have been arrested in Turkey, the Foreign Office has said.
Irish road racer Franck Petricola has died in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A petition calling for all women in the reproductive age age group to be banned from entering Hindu temples has been signed by more than 100 women.
A woman died after eating a sorbet on holiday in Greece, an inquest has heard.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to meet his victim has been jailed for ten years.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen to its highest level since records began, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
What do you know about Formula 1 drivers?
Police are investigating after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after crashing in a crash on stage two.
Svetlana Kontaveit reached the semi-finals of the Morocco Open with a straight-set win over Daniil Vondrousova.
A 16-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen for the first time in five years.
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
Nicole Piper and David Tennant are to star in a special of Doctor Who to mark the show's 50th anniversary.
At least two rockets have been fired at the Israeli city of Eilat, near the Red Sea border with Egypt.
Australia is a "lucky country run mainly by second rate people who share its luck", according to one of the country's most famous authors.
It was the first Gulf War the world had seen since the end of World War Two.
Protesters have clashed with police in the Republic of Ireland's capital, Belfast.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Hook has returned to Ospreys from French side Perpignan for an undisclosed fee.
Chloe Grace Moretz has been speaking out about the issue of body shaming.
Plans for a new power station in Norwich have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Andy Murray says he is not nervous about getting married.
ITV drama Broadchurch is to return for a final series, the network has announced.
The Doonhamers have a long tradition of celebrating the success of their ships.
The chief executive of a hospital trust criticised by the health watchdog for waiting times has resigned.
A road junction which has been closed for more than a year has seen a rise in collisions, police have said.
Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition politician who was assassinated last year, has published a dossier on the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Prisoners in Dumfries and Galloway are given the freedom of their cells.
John Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner in Londonderry.
More than 90,000 cigarettes and tobacco have been seized in Lincolnshire as part of a crackdown on dishonest retailers.
Thousands of people have attended the 70th anniversary of Edinburgh's Hogmanay Street Party.
Thousands of people in the German city of Augsburg are to be evacuated from their homes after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found in the city.
A new fossil has shed light on the evolution of a group of land-based vertebrates that lay eggs.
The number of GPs in Wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years, according to new figures.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Hathaway looks at the impact of public policy on the economy.
The driver of a speedboat which crashed, killing a teenager, did not hesitate in diving back into the cockpit to rescue him, a report has said.
The pilot of a light aircraft which crashed in France may have made a sharp turn in the wrong direction, an inquest has heard.
UK Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he is "disappointed" by the outcome of the Syrian civil war.
Prof Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC's Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in deficit, according to the Department for Education.
Airport workers in Chile have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
Police in Copenhagen have charged the owner of a submarine with the manslaughter of a woman who went missing after it sank.
Energy suppliers are to be required to apply a 12 month time limit for back bills, according to Citizens Advice.
A Glasgow City Council employee has told an inquiry that a gravestone that killed a boy was laid flat because of safety concerns.
For decades, the image of James Bond has been synonymous with the spy agency.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex have appointed Brendon McCullum as their new Twenty20 coach.
China's Baosteel, the country's second-largest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with its smaller rival, Wuhan Iron and Steel Group.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been praised for his tactical decision-making in Saturday's FA Cup final.
India and Pakistan were separated from the rest of the world in 1947.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Egypt beat Zambia's Ahly of Egypt 2-1 in the first leg of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier on Saturday.
Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from music for the rest of the year.
A boy with severe cerebral palsy and epilepsy is to receive a £2.3m payout from the ambulance service he was treated for.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "responsible" for his side's 1-0 Champions League defeat by Sevilla in Basel.
Police in the northern Indian state of Bihar have arrested hundreds of parents and relatives for trying to help their children cheat.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by five runs in the first Test in Melbourne.
Scientists in Japan have developed a drug that kills the first larval stage of a roundworm parasite.
German engineering giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer for France's Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Tom Carberry has returned to action for the first time since being diagnosed with cancer in December.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £35,000 in legal fees to a blogger who accused it of harassing her.
Paddy Power won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Newbury on Saturday.
Birmingham and Bolton played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were beaten 6-0 by the Netherlands in Berlin.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has urged fans to "get behind" his side after their worst football of the season.
Northern Ireland and Italy will meet in the Euro 2016 finals in France on 22 June, but what is it about Italy and Northern Ireland?
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash in Aberdeenshire.
Libya have been denied the chance to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the civil war in the north African country.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Great Yorkshire Run.
When Lily James first stepped on to the set of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, she was already known for her ferocious fighting skills.
Ciara Mageean has been offered a place in the Northern Ireland team for the European Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Mark Hughes praised his goalkeeper after his side were held to a draw by Dundee.
A fire which broke out on the set of soap opera EastEnders has been extinguished, the BBC has said.
After winning just one medal at the London Paralympics, India's Paralympians have been congratulated on their achievements.
A social worker who viewed pornography on more than 1,000 occasions has been sacked.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager for the second time in three years.
A man has been charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson will miss the rest of the season after being found guilty of child sex offences.
A man has been jailed for two years for defrauding HM Revenue and Customs out of more than £1m.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has left the authority after his name was left out of the poll list for the EU Referendum.
A woman who baked a Land Rover birthday cake in the shape of an engine has become the first person in the world to do so.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised after the party launched its election campaign with the name of a Chelsea estate agent.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£3.3m) fine over the transfer of Brazilian forward Neymar to Santos in 2013.
Two US senators have called for tighter gun control laws in the wake of the mass shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the UK are "very low", according to a report commissioned by the government.
The Statue of Liberty has been evacuated in the US city of New York after a suspicious package was found near lockers.
Fianna Fail leader Micheál Cowen has apologised for his "hoarseness" in an interview with the Republic of Ireland's broadcaster RTE.
Burnley have signed striker Frank Herd and midfielder Chris Nouble on two-year deals.
Tottenham are "a long way down the path" on reaching an agreement with Chelsea to play their Champions League games at Wembley, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the most popular forms of food and drink in the Caribbean.
UK industrial production fell by 0.3% in the first quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN human rights chief has called for an independent investigation into the shooting of civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
As the Christmas shopping season draws to a close, it is time to think about how to keep your finances in order.
The coroner overseeing the inquests into the Birmingham pub bombings has said he supports the families' request for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has declined a state funeral for former cricketer Richie Benaud, who died on Saturday.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House has said.
The body of missing teenager James Mitchell has been found in the River Tay in Inverness.
UK house prices rose in the year to the end of December, according to the Nationwide, the country's biggest mortgage lender.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi-finals with a straight-set win over Nick Kyrgios at Rod Laver Arena.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a rule to make the game better in this country.
A body has been found in a house fire in Londonderry.
An 18-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a student at a residential school in the southern Indian state of Karnataka.
Coldplay have taken part in the Bandstand Marathon to mark the end of the London 2012 Festival and the start of the Paralympic Games.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Hathaway looks at the rise of mobile phones and the evolution of the comfort zone.
Iran is committed to giving up its nuclear weapons, Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have accused NHS Highland of a culture of complacency over its finances.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls who was abducted by Islamist militants in north-east Nigeria has been found safe and well.
UEFA has set up a loyalty portal for Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets for the Euro 2016 finals.
Scotland will have 33 athletes in the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics.
The director of Human Rights Watch in the Middle East has accused the Iranian authorities of "increasing levels of intimidation".
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied refugee children in the UK.
Mali's government has called for joint patrols to protect an endangered elephant species in northern Mali.
The Royal Welsh Regiment's new colours will be unveiled at Cardiff's Principality Stadium later this month, the regiment has announced.
Ukraine's youngest ever deputy minster has been subjected to a torrent of criticism on social media.
A former mental health trust boss has told the BBC it felt "dangerous" to treat inmates with "unmet needs".
Mark McGinn says Hibernian's recent poor form is a reason for their relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
More than 100 police officers have been arrested in the past year in connection with the murder of 17-year-old James Lawrences in London.
Telefonica and Hutchison have threatened legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator over its decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum.
Mexico's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is set to win the presidential election, according to preliminary results.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's move to Manchester United would be a "holy grail" for the club, according to a leading football expert.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched at Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard.
A lack of A-level results can be devastating for any student.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday as oil prices continued to fall.
David Cameron will have to step down at some point during the next Parliament, former Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether 2013 has been a good year for Africa.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", has been sacked.
Tesco has agreed to sell Fresh & Easy to private equity firm Yucaipa.
The chief executive of one of Australia's largest health boards has been appointed.
Former Rangers midfielder Dean Shiels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has collaborated with Paul McCartney on her new single, Four Five Seconds.
The mayor of Baltimore has announced a shake-up of the city's police department following the death of a black man.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug isotretinoin in England has doubled in the past three years, according to NHS figures.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the Shining Path drug group.
A jet pilot who died in a crash at the CarFest music festival has been named by police.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a drone strike in Pakistan, the US says.
US President Donald Trump is to deliver his first major national security address on Sunday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the value of the pound.
Ricky Burns' career was about to come to an end.
Myanmar's military says it has disciplined more than 1,000 villagers and soldiers for their part in a crackdown on the Rohingya Muslim minority in Rakhine state.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are being "at the heart of the criminal justice system", the country's most senior police and crime commissioner has said.
An Australian author has been surprised to receive a surprise award for her work - the Windham-Campbell prize.
A German doctor who was refused entry to a doctoral exam because of her Jewish ancestry has finally received her PhD.
Stoke City have signed Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A 32-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The number of homes being repossessed in England and Wales fell in the second quarter of the year, according to industry figures.
Bridgend has been won by the Conservatives in the general election.
"The funding system is chaotic," says the deputy leader of Leicestershire County Council.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
A travel firm has announced it is to stop offering tours involving animals kept in zoos.
Lionel Richie has announced he will perform at the Las Vegas Motor Show next year.
Anglers should be banned from fishing at a country park after a swan was injured by a carp hook, a wildlife rescue charity has said.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand was a fantastic one.
A vigilante paedophile hunter group has contributed to 20 people being arrested in Kent in the last two financial years, police have said.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly after their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth.
More than 2,000 tonnes of recycled wood chip has been destroyed in a fire at a recycling plant in Denbighshire.
Highland Council has received complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors in Skye and Uig.
Mae cwest yn Aberystwyth wedi ei chaethiwo o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind ar ôl cyfnod y Nadolig.
Welsh Elite League side Cardiff Devils have signed forward Joey Haddad on a two-year deal.
Moeen Ali hit a half-century as England took control of the second Test against West Indies at Headingley.
Rupert Murdoch "turned a blind eye" to phone hacking, a report by MPs has concluded.
The parents of three children who died after being diagnosed with cancer have spoken of their "horrific" loss.
Talks aimed at ending a long-running strike on Southern rail have broken up, the RMT union has said.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in West Lothian has been discharged.
A Swedish city's decision to cut back its 40-hour week has sparked debate about work culture and the future of work-life balance.
Ineos Grangemouth has reopened its ethylene cracker plant, which has been closed for more than two years.
League One side Doncaster Rovers have signed Crystal Palace defender Jack White on loan until the end of the season.
A baby who was diagnosed with a rare form of septicaemia has been given pink ribbons to mark her birthday.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United defender Tom Eckersley on a two-year deal.
Japan's nuclear power company has unveiled a timetable to end the country's worst nuclear disaster since World War II.
Tata Steel is to submit a bid for its Port Talbot and Scunthorpe plants, the company has confirmed.
The Vatican has declined to confirm the nomination of a French diplomat as its new ambassador to the Vatican.
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final for the first time in their history.
Two women have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler who was found with more than 100 injuries.
The daughter of a man who died in a Porsche crash in Los Angeles is suing the carmaker, alleging it broke his ribs and pelvis.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has vowed to rebuild a fireworks market destroyed in a series of explosions on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have made a "significant leap forward" in the development of a flu vaccine.
A review into the handling of legacy inquests into the deaths of civilians in Northern Ireland has begun.
More than 100,000 people have been killed in the devastating earthquake in Sri Lanka.
The prime minister remains committed to curbing benefits for EU migrants, the work and pensions secretary has said.
Batman v Superman fans have been reacting to the film's world premiere, with some saying they were "giddy" to see the character in a live-action film.
Two inmates have escaped through a cell window at a maximum security prison, a watchdog has said.
Ivanka Trump has been appointed to the White House by President Donald Trump.
A village pub in Northamptonshire has been bought by a group of villagers for an undisclosed sum.
Civil rights group the Movement for Black Lives has asked Facebook to clarify its policy on removing racist content.
What would the M4 Black Route do for Wales?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the UEC European Road Championships in Germany.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was "very pleased" with his side's 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their unbeaten start to the Women's Super League One season with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies.
The Turkish parliament has passed a bill that would allow the police to use excessive force against protesters.
A campaign has been launched to stop work on a derelict apartment in Chelsea being turned into a maintenance stairwell.
It is easy to forget that football is not as central to American life as it is to European life.
Luxury goods giant LVMH has been accused of being "picky" about whom it sells to.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in connection with a suspected match-fixing scandal.
The Health Commissioner for Wales has said antipsychotic drugs are being "chemically coshed" in care homes across Wales.
In 2013, Northern Ireland's peace process hit a new low.
Birmingham City have signed teenage striker Jack Cooper on loan from Birmingham City until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing technology rich environments in schools.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a woman in Denbighshire.
A prison has been rated "worse than comparable prisons" by the government.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, but denied reports that it has killed any Russian soldiers.
A man has been charged with 26 counts of homicide in the US state of Arizona, including multiple counts of aggravated assault and drive-by shootings.
Iran's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has defended his country's participation in peace talks with world powers in Vienna.
Children with peanut allergy have been able to eat peanuts at home for a year, a study suggests.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have accused each other of "let rip" at each other in public.
Mead is one of the most popular alcoholic beverages in the world, and it's often associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
Work has begun to remove the track from the Winchburgh tunnel as part of a major upgrade to the Glasgow to Edinburgh rail line.
The wife of a man killed in the Tunisia terror attack has said acts of violence are not the answer.
A body has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second general election before Christmas would be a "shambles".
A nature reserve in Somerset has reopened to the public 10 years after it was closed for redevelopment.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four matches after being charged with an elbow in the face of Arsenal's Arter Arter.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has been criticised for its lack of diversity.
A Dorset military museum is to benefit from a £1m lottery grant to help it learn more about the First World War.
Moussa Dembele says he is "happy to be at Celtic" despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's "brave" second-half display against Rangers.
A police investigation into serial killer Peter Tobin has been scaled back.
Billy Root hit a century as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A Muslim teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been refused entry to the United States by security staff during a school trip.
Two men have appeared in court charged with helping a Syrian man who left the country to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS).
A single percentage of affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, according to a new report.
RB Leipzig maintained their unbeaten start to the Bundesliga season with a 2-1 win over Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a mountain in Anglesey.
Steven Halkett's late header gave Rangers victory over Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated their shirts to a football charity in memory of a Paralympian who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being attacked by two men who threatened him with a knife.
Adam Parkin's late winner gave Cheltenham Town victory over Forest Green Rovers in the National League.
Anthony Watson has been named in Wales' squad for the Six Nations match against Italy on Saturday.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Cape Town.
More than 100 people have been rescued from flood water in Southend.
If you want to know what it takes to become a beauty queen in the Philippines, you need to know a little about beauty pageants.
Guiseley and Ebbsfleet played out a 2-2 draw in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said there will be no more joint military exercises with the US next year.
The Welsh Government has said there is "every likelihood" of a vote in the assembly on triggering Article 50.
Robert Snodgrass scored the only goal of the game as Southampton came from behind to beat Hull City.
A former BBC presenter has suggested the name of a new £1bn Antarctic research ship.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The mayor of London has ordered a strategic review of the security services in the capital.
A handwritten note declaring the end of World War Two has been sold at auction for £1,000.
New Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been appointed by the government to oversee the future of the BBC.
A British man has died after being hit by a wave off the coast of Spain.
Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
A charity has said it has seen a "significant gap" between the number of people receiving specialist support and the availability of services.
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano after he was found guilty of match-fixing.
"I'm really concerned about the joints," says the vet who is treating Daisy the sheep.
Nigel Farage has said the UK's EU referendum could be a "very bright dawn" for the country.
For more than half a century, the United States has been a global power.
Parma have failed in their bid to qualify for the Uefa Cup for the first time in their history.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of telling a woman to "go into the bushes" at a campaign rally.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack have been announced as the new hosts of The X Factor.
The mother of a man who died after a crash on a dual carriageway has signed a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced.
A fire at a toy factory in Sheffield has forced the closure of the main railway line into Doncaster.
A British backpacker has been found unconscious on a train in Thailand.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side are "a bit decimated" by the late goals they have conceded in the past two games.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he is "not surprised" by the fitness of midfielder Nacer Nasri.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol in La Liga.
Nana Akufo-Addo has been elected Ghana's new president.
Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have been protesting against the government of President Robert Mugabe in the capital, Harare.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
At least six people have been killed and dozens injured in a suspected gas explosion in Spain, officials say.
A man has gone on trial accused of conspiring to smuggle horsemeat into the UK through a meat supplier.
India is set to become the first country in the world to launch a biometric identity database.
The UK's intelligence agency GCHQ has revealed that searches on Google and other web services can be intercepted without a warrant.
Welshman Chris Evans won the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Belgium, finishing second behind team-mate Nicolas Ogier.
Russia and Iran have agreed to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas of Syria in a bid to end the country's civil war.
A bubble tea chain has said it will pay staff at least the minimum wage after a row over a training contract.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Wasps and move back to the top of the Premiership table.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City has declared a mistrial in the shooting of a witness at the start of a murder trial.
Three Welsh Labour AMs have backed Yvette Cooper as the party's preferred candidate to be its new leader, the party has said.
Political divisions are "widening and exacerbating tensions in our society", the UK's human rights watchdog has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Edward Sandling looks at the joys of mudlarking.
The number of people with mental health problems attending A&E units in England has risen by more than 50% in the past five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has voted to ban The Sun from shops across the city.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a nine-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol have been reviewed by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has urged people to "act fearfully" in the wake of the Brussels terror attacks.
The United Arab Emirates says it has intercepted two missiles fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen.
The government has said it will "target support at those who need it most", as it announced changes to disability benefits.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still expecting to be active in the transfer market.
Mark Molesley's late winner secured Portsmouth a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals with a 1-0 win at Aldershot.
An album of signatures from World War Two Dambusters pilots has been sold at auction for £1,000.
The head of the Welsh Government's TB eradication programme has said there has been no day gone by where she has not focused on the disease.
A 71-year-old man has been arrested as part of an investigation into phone hacking by the News of the World newspaper.
The Church in Wales has said it is "disappointed" that Gwynedd council has withdrawn its support for a new community campus.
Mazembe of South Africa won the African Confederation Cup for the second time with a 2-0 aggregate win over Ethiopian side Bejaia of Ethiopia on Sunday.
Malian soldiers have been accused of carrying out summary executions in the north-eastern town of Sevare, in the latest escalation in the country's conflict.
Notts County Ladies have signed England Under-20 international defender Hannah Greenwood from Liverpool Ladies on a two-year deal.
Great Britain's men suffered a 2-1 defeat by Australia in the first game of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thein Sein, the former prime minister of Myanmar, has been described as a "quiet and soft-spoken" leader.
Two pieces of jewellery have been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor jailed for falsifying clinical trials has had his name removed from the medical register.
David Guptill and Kane Williamson hit centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Hamilton.
A 17th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to a working condition.
Tata Steel is to mothball its hot strip mill in Newport because of "high energy costs", the company has said.
Britain's Laura Cave won the Women's Ironman World Championships in Melbourne, Australia.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has defended his decision to join the invasion of France in World War Two.
Colchester United have signed striker James Guthrie for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes set the pace in the first flying laps of the season at the Italian Grand Prix.
Michael Evans has set the fastest time of the week in qualifying for the Isle of Man TT.
Plans to revamp the pension scheme at BHS have been put forward by the Pensions Regulator, BBC Newsnight has learned.
The family of a man who died after being shot in the leg during the Troubles have said they are "sitting on their hands doing nothing".
West Ham have moved up to second in the Premier League after a 2-0 win at Crystal Palace.
Former Top Gear presenter Philip Hammond has had surgery on his injured knee after a car crash during filming for The Grand Tour.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has "no intention of resigning" despite a row over the running of common grazings.
A man has been fined Â£100,000 after a Polish man died after falling through the roof of a warehouse.
The creator of the children's TV series Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson, has said he was told he was no longer able to drive.
As many as 100,000 relatives of grandparents who give up work to care for their children could be eligible for National Insurance credits, a think tank has said.
Plans for a new theme park in Bournemouth have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Nigeria has become the second country in Africa to pull out of international flights because of a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakia striker Matej Kozak for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes in public places under a new law introduced by Public Health Wales.
Burnley boss Sean Dyche has been named as West Bromwich Albion's manager of the season, says Baggies boss Tony Pulis.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile (ICBM) into the sea, the Pentagon says.
Scotland will face France in Metz on Saturday in their final warm-up match before Euro 2016, according to captain Alex Martin.
Australian anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has won an appeal against the cancellation of his visa to speak in the US.
Jon Stewart, the host of The Daily Show, has returned to the airwaves for the first time in more than a decade.
Former cabinet minister David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Dumfries and Galloway Council.
Lancashire all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with the county.
A tribute to John Williams will be performed at the BBC Proms in Hull to mark the festival's 90th anniversary.
The SNP has finished as the largest party in council areas across Scotland, according to official results from the local elections.
Iraqi forces have been urged to do "absolutely everything they can" to ensure civilians survive the battle to retake western Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) could hit parts of Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Nanowire skins could be used to make devices that can detect high levels of electrical current.
Borders Council is to carry out a review of its school estate in the region.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Pars beat Ayr United to move up to second in the Scottish Championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car.
Author Stephen St Aubyn has won the Wodehouse Prize for Fiction for his satirical novel.
England's Under-20 World Cup quarter-final against New Zealand will be shown live on BBC One.
California has declared a drought emergency, with the state using more water than it used in July.
A three-year-old lion who escaped from a South African national park by crawling under an electric fence has been put down.
A Florida mosque has been moved to a new location amid a row over its use as a polling place for the US general election.
Higher education staff in England are to stage a 24-hour strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
China has arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the Tianjin explosions, state media report.
Increasing levels of acidification in the oceans could lead to the loss of molluscs and other marine species, according to a new report.
A teenager who died after falling off a cliff in Brighton was taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
The US central bank has kept interest rates on hold, saying the UK's vote to leave the European Union could have "consequences" for global financial markets.
Britain's Chris Froome won the 13th stage of the Tour de France as he extended his lead on the leader's yellow jersey.
A bus driver who suffered a blackout following the Glasgow bin lorry crash was "fit to return to work", a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of "Nazi practices" and said it was a "long time since Germany left".
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Yannick Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh scrum-half Tom Fife has left the club by mutual consent, along with lock Ben Toolis.
At least 20 people have been killed in three car bomb attacks in the Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a three-year deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings in England and Wales.
Iran's new parliament has elected 17 women, the highest number since the 1979 revolution.
An 11-year-old boy from the US has become the youngest winner of the World Spelling Championships in the United States.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
The abuse of teachers in England has risen by more than a third this year, a teachers' union has said.
A Canadian family has been left homeless after their home was destroyed in a fire.
Partick Thistle are in talks with Swindon Town about appointing Alan Archibald as their new manager.
British motorcyclist John Carswell has died after a crash at a motor racing event in Surrey.
Russia has accused the US of "an amateurish, unprofessional way" over claims that it ordered the hacking of Democratic Party emails.
The board of American Apparel has said it will not hire former chief executive John Charney, who is facing a defamation lawsuit.
A memorial has been held for a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Paris.
Two powerful earthquakes have struck in the north-eastern Chinese province of Gansu, killing at least one person and injuring hundreds more, officials say.
Reading reached the Championship play-offs for the first time in their history with a comfortable win at Burton Albion.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rental sector, according to Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Michael Taylor will make his professional debut at London's O2 Arena on Saturday, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
Cardiff is to become the first city in the world to adopt a "low tech" approach to tackling violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joanna Lumley looks at the long-term prospects for artificial intelligence research.
Norwich City midfielder Jordan Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Christian Jung won the Grand Slam of Horse-Riding at Badminton to secure Great Britain a place at the 2016 Olympics.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary, it's time for a new generation of people to decide whether the island should be reunited with China or remain a separate country.
Tens of thousands of people have protested against the treatment of a man who died after being stopped by police.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared a global public health emergency over the Zika virus.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for a summit of world leaders to tackle corruption.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over St Johnstone.
The number of new mothers breastfeeding in England has risen by more than a third in the past 30 years, according to new figures.
War and Peace has been picked up by the BBC as one of the most watched TV shows of the year.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' World Cup qualifying campaign will not change in the summer, says manager Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand has been found safe and well, police say.
The Saharan Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) is one of the largest countries in Africa and the Middle East.
Michael Donnelly secured his place in the quarter-finals of the men's middleweight at the Rio Olympics with a unanimous points win over the world champion of Tunisia.
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a rotating floor and a wall at a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has said it will not accept any more migrants from its three northern regions.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Sergei Andreyev, has said he is "not retracting" remarks he made about Poland's role in World War Two.
The French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has published a new book in the wake of the shooting of cartoonist Charlie Charb.
Flood sirens have been sounded across parts of the Calderdale valley in a bid to save homes from flooding.
Work has started on a new bridge in Hong Kong, China.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a Bradford free school.
A new archive of images of Glasgow's high rise buildings has been launched.
Dunfermline judo star Stephanie MacLeod has said she is "up and about before you know it" after being treated in hospital for a serious head injury.
The Brexit secretary has said it is "hard to see" how a separate immigration policy for Scotland would work.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has released code used to hide the origins of malware it spies on, according to Wikileaks.
Leeds City Museum is to display a collection of pages from the Qur'an on display for the first time.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's late free-kick earned Cheltenham a draw at Mansfield.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Barcelona Open with a straight-set win over Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas.
A councillor has called for "serious consideration" to the use of local facilities and engineering expertise to carry out repairs to a damaged structure on Lewis.
Craig Gordon says he is happy with the way he has performed in Liverpool's Champions League first-round tie against Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 in the National League.
At least 11 people have been killed in a landslide in Colombia, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Ben Ormsby on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted. Â© Scotsland Press.
A boring machine has reached the end of one of the UK's longest railway tunnels.
A former IRA leader has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville.
Jared Payne has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations match against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
A British man who was sent to Guantanamo Bay to fight with the Taliban in Iraq has been killed in a car bomb attack in Mosul, Iraqi officials say.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will be fit for the start of the new Premier League season, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Arlene Foster has said it would be negligent of me not to point out where Northern Ireland's economy lies in the wake of the EU referendum.
Sports Direct chief executive Dave Forsey has been replaced by Mike Ashley, sources have told the BBC.
Sin City is one of the most densely populated cities in the United States.
England suffered a crushing defeat by Pakistan in the first Test in Sharjah, ending the three-match series 2-1.
China won their first medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's table tennis final.
Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall are to embark on a tour of Australia later this month.
More than 200 beaches in England do not have lifeguards on duty, according to new research.
US journalist Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 72, her family has announced.
Chris Riddell has been sworn in as the UK's new children's laureate.
Former Birmingham City defender Tom Savage says former Aston Villa boss Steve Bruce could be a good choice as the club's new manager.
The PSNI has said it will identify the rioters who attacked a policewoman on Monday night.
A sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a Tube station is being treated in hospital.
Chester have signed former Birmingham City and Chelsea midfielder Ben Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with victory over Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has said it has reached an agreement with workers in France over the redundancy of its direct selling representatives.
Formula 1's new generation of cars have been unveiled at the first pre-season test in Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire.
Two museums are to bid to host the world's largest collection of ceramic poppies commemorating the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
When Sir Jeffery Amherst was appointed governor of Guernsey in 1760, he was widely regarded as one of the most important figures in British history.
Kenya's Olympic 800m champion Rebecca Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a drugs test.
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A US judge has ordered Apple to pay more than $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in damages after it lost a patent dispute with a university.
A Northern Ireland fan has died while supporting the team at Euro 2016 in France.
Ruth Harsent has been shortlisted for the TS Eliot Prize for poetry for the first time.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has withdrawn from the UK Championship in London.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a woman was poisoned with a liquid nitrogen shot.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in an undergrowth in the Republic of Ireland.
There are "important weaknesses" in the care of older people in the Western Isles, according to two inspectors.
A man has been seriously injured in a "horrendous" hammer attack.
The Democratic Republic of Congo have been knocked out of the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations (CHAN) in the quarter-finals after a 2-1 aggregate defeat by Zambia.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says Ollie Ntcham has the "everything to be a top, top level number eight" after the midfielder played 65 minutes in Saturday's friendly against Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge on the A9 between Inverness and Perth have been unveiled.
Tatooine has made a spoof of April Fools' Day by claiming its artificial intelligence system can read palms and minds.
UKIP is "very confident" of breaking through next year's assembly election, its leader has said.
The Polish deli in Peterborough has been hit by hate mail and phone calls since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A paedophile who sexually abused a child in Pembrokeshire has been jailed for life.
The parents of a 15-year-old girl in Mexico have said they will not turn anyone away for her 15th birthday party.
An appeal to raise £10,000 for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in her Dorset home has been launched.
Water voles have been released back into the wild at a nature reserve in Pembrokeshire.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) in England and Wales will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, the Home Office has said.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees of the University of Pennsylvania, amid sexual assault allegations.
A suspected unexploded World War Two bomb has been found off the coast of Gwynedd, police have said.
The rate of carbon emissions into the atmosphere was at least 4,000 years slower than it is today, according to a new study.
A group of young people are taking part in a gymnastics competition in Fife.
St Helens moved up to second in Super League with a hard-fought win over Catalans Dragons.
A Denbighshire man whose home was flooded by flooding three years ago has said it is "as safe as we can do".
BT is to roll out fibre broadband to more than 99% of UK homes by the end of 2020, the company has announced.
Labour has said it will introduce fines of up to 100% of the value of tax avoidance if it wins the general election.
A leading medical expert has called for an increase in the number of children being injured on the pitch in England.
Parts of a medieval castle on the Isle of Wight are to be restored as part of a conservation project.
Health Secretary Arlene Robison has said an independent review into the safety of mesh implants is to be examined.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a harbour, prompting a police investigation.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen in the UK, according to new figures.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition to the government calling for a ban on a dog meat festival.
China's Long So-yong won gold in the men's -70kg weightlifting at the European Championships in Rome.
Manchester United have signed Netherlands striker Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for an undisclosed fee.
The world of virtual reality is about to get a whole lot more exciting.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won her second World Cup gold medal of the season in Slovenia.
A man who shouted "I'm white but I'm one of you" to members of a Dundee mosque has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Four people have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a mill.
A delivery driver has been attacked with a golf club during an "unprovoked" robbery in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales has not reached a "very good point" yet, according to the former head of the Church in Wales.
More than 40,000 hectares of commercial forest in Wales need to be re-planted to meet the growing demand for timber, according to conservationists.
The European eel has been found on a river in Norfolk for the first time in more than 40 years.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has been charged with culpable homicide after his car crashed into a bakery in the Indian city of Mumbai, killing a policeman.
The funeral of a man who was shot dead in Londonderry in the early hours of Sunday morning has taken place.
Glasgow Wheelers are to launch a sportive in honour of former Tour de France winner Robert Millar.
Immigrants living in Wales should be able to learn Welsh as an alternative to English, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the US for software that can measure the electrical activity of the brain has more than doubled in the last decade.
A hospital has apologised after a bung fell out of a patient's operating table during a routine operation.
Hungary has accused European leaders of "egoism" and "common European sense" over the migrant crisis.
Melania Trump's decision to move her son into the White House has been met with mixed reactions on social media.
A Labour AM has called for a forensic investigation into Labour "endangering devolution".
A firefighter has been sacked for failing to respond to two 999 calls within 24 hours of a woman's death in a house fire.
A Gloucestershire school which offers single sex teaching is to close.
Paintings by the Welsh artist Tryweryn Williams are to go on display for the first time in more than a decade.
Bitfinex, the world's biggest bitcoin exchange, has said it is "deeply concerned" about a security breach that could have led to the theft of millions of dollars in the virtual currency.
England's Paul Gregory says he has a good idea of where his approach shots will be at the Masters.
A 19-year-old woman who filmed herself taking her own life on the social media app Periscope has become the subject of intense scrutiny in France.
A woman who stabbed her elderly mother to death has pleaded guilty to diminished responsibility.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Friday, despite a rise in the value of the dollar.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsene Wenger's first game in charge of Arsenal ended in a crushing defeat by Manchester United at Old Trafford.
A group of tourists have been taken to hospital after a lava flow burst into snow on Italy's Mount Etna.
David Cameron is "greatly dismayed" by the SNP's election victory in Scotland, a former Conservative minister has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has the "potential" to lead New Zealand to a third World Cup, says former All Blacks scrum-half Tom Brooke.
Benfica beat Vitória Guimarães to win the Portuguese league for the first time in their history.
When Patrick Smith was born with a foot that was nearly amputated at birth, he thought it was just another dream gone.
Down eased to a 1-13 to 0-14 win over Meath in Division Two of the Football League on Saturday night.
Tributes have been paid to a Labour councillor who has died following a short illness.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been banned for six months by the Football Association for betting offences.
As Manchester City prepare to play their first Premier League game of the season at Etihad Stadium on Saturday, the noise from the crowd outside the stadium is deafening.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to earn money from online activities than those without a high school diploma.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe being gay is a sin.
Construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they want "substantial changes" to the draft budget.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Former X Factor judge Gary Barlow has performed a surprise concert in Oxford.
Eight people have been injured in a fire in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial proposal to ban abortion in cases of rape and incest.
Four men have admitted being part of a conspiracy to burgle a safe deposit company during the Hatton Garden jewellery raid.
Wales maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a bonus-point win over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Jamaica's Justin Gatlin won the T44 100m at the European Championships in a season-best time of 9.99 seconds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at the impact of the US decision to bring two Guantanamo Bay detainees to the country.
Senegal secured their place in the last 16 of the Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations with a 2-1 win over Ecuador in Jeonju.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been criticised in France for taking up a new role with Goldman Sachs.
Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last race in Formula 1.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ben Alnwick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the UK fell by 39,000 in August, official figures show.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, figures show.
The former chief executive of the US cinema chain Redstone is to step down from his post as chief executive, the company has announced.
The Scotland Women's national team have said they are in discussions with the Scottish Football Association over terms and conditions.
Police in Denmark have found a torso in the sea off the coast of Amager.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover cruised to a 4-3 win over Forest Green in the National League.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering her ex-boyfriend over a missing £10,000 cash.
The CIA has carried out a series of covert operations in Africa over the past 50 years.
Dan Biggar and Keelan Giles will start for Ospreys in Saturday's European Champions Cup match against Grenoble.
A Cambridge school is considering changing its uniform policy to cater for transgender and gender neutral pupils.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Australian Open.
A red letterbox has appeared on a road in Berkshire for the first time in more than a year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Nkurunziza looks at the challenges facing African filmmakers.
A potted site in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered up for more than 3,000 years.
A woman has died in a crash on the A90 in County Antrim.
A number of flights have been cancelled in the Republic of Ireland due to severe weather conditions.
Britain's David and Gabby Adcock have reached the final of the mixed doubles at the London Badminton Championships.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Sydney Roosters on a two-year deal.
Lord West has said he would not talk to Prime Minister David Cameron unless his constituency happens to be there.
A man who sold a box of Star Wars memorabilia for more than £20,000 has sold another batch of the toys for £40,000.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland on Saturday is the "hardest game" of his career.
The US justice department has announced a change in its policy on recording suspects in police interviews.
A review of Scotland's hate crime laws has been launched by the High Court judge Lord Bracadale.
A 700-year-old manuscript of the New Testament has been found after a £1m fundraising campaign.
Ukraine's new government has promised to bring all those involved in the referendum in Crimea to justice.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld the disqualification of former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidency, his lawyer has said.
Derby County assistant manager Colin Powell says he is "fine" despite the club's suspension of manager Nigel Pearson.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker James Preston on a two-year deal after he rejected a new contract with the League Two club.
A man accused of beating his girlfriend to death after she refused to have an abortion has told a court he lied to her about the pregnancy.
When I first met former Watford and Aston Villa manager David Taylor, I had never heard of him.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and Japan.
Police in England and Wales have been given new guidance on domestic abuse.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has called for a "devolution dividend" for carers in Wales as he launched his party's manifesto for the general election.
Fidel Castro, the revolutionary leader of Cuba, has died at the age of 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
If you're a fan of a pop star, you're likely to have heard of a celebrity's scent.
Three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are set to sign a deal to tackle the migrant crisis at the port of Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Katie Brace will make her professional debut in Glasgow on Saturday.
A collection of unpublished manuscripts by the poet Dylan Thomas has been bought by a university in Swansea.
The musical adaptation of Sue Townsend's classic novel Adrian Mole is to be performed for the first time in more than three years.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
Stranraer have sacked manager Brian Reid after 20 months in charge of the Scottish Championship club.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after posting anti-Semitic tweets.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has pulled out of high-level talks on his country's bailout, the European Commission has said.
Chad has arrested 10 men suspected of raping a 14-year-old girl in the capital, Chad, in February.
Plans for a new social housing development on a derelict former railway station site have been recommended by councillors.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
The US comedian who has been accused of sexual assault is to have a special on Netflix, the streaming service has announced.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's most popular TV presenters.
A couple who were burgled more than a decade ago have been reunited with their stolen medals and jewellery.
Liverpool have rejected a bid from Manchester City for Raheem Sterling, reports BBC Radio Liverpool.
The Scottish government has announced plans to end business rates on sporting estates.
Nour, a 14-year-old girl, was kidnapped by Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Mosul in October 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker James Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk.
German prosecutors have filed charges of inciting racial hatred against asylum seekers in the city of Hamburg, after a mass brawl at a reception centre.
Warwickshire pair Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the county.
A chatbot that asks people to pay for parking tickets has been launched in the UK and New York.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 87.
A new park and ride service has been introduced at a Cardiff hospital after a traffic gridlock led to patients being late for appointments.
The BBC has strongly refutes claims it filmed an iguana hatchling being chased by snakes.
A group set up to help restore the Far Eastern Fells in the Lake District has been chosen by the late explorer William Wainwright.
Millwall moved up to second in League One with victory over Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of action cams, has announced plans to cut up to 15% of its workforce.
Ian Brady, the son of serial killer Myra Hindley, has been refused medical treatment at a hospital in Liverpool.
A police watchdog is to investigate the response to a 72-year-old man's death at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
Scientists at the University of Reading have published a new forecast for Arctic sea-ice cover.
Liberia beat Algerian champions Kabylie of Algeria 2-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup quarter-final.
Norbrook, the County Down-based construction firm, has appointed David Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a masterclass of attacking football to inflict a first Premier League defeat of the season on Chelsea.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of Danny Kirby, Jack Gumbs and Alex Duggan.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A man has been seriously injured in two separate attacks in Londonderry.
Abercrombie has been criticised for posting a tweet about the LGBTQ community on its website.
A couple have said they are "completely penniless" after their funeral company went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of a peace deal with the government.
Scientists have developed a treatment to reduce the risk of brain injuries in high-impact sports.
Bournemouth have signed Australia goalkeeper Tom Federici from Reading on a two-year deal.
Two men have been found liable for the Omagh bombing after a retrial, the High Court has ruled.
The former president of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure EU scientists that their status is safe.
More than half a tonne of toxic second-hand smoke would have been inhaled by the population if smoking had been banned in Scotland, a study has suggested.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League group stage for the first time with a 5-0 win over FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is happy with the way his side fought back from 16-9 down to beat Japan in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
A senior police officer has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis to deter anti-social behaviour.
The UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has said it will negotiate with the SNP and the Greens if there is a hung parliament.
Kent Football Club has reported a loss for the financial year to the end of March.
Syrian government forces have said they are close to capturing the town of al-Qaryatain from Islamic State (IS) militants.
The UK has become the first country in the world to send 66 state school students to the United States.
A schoolgirl has won a prize for her short story about a chimpanzee.
A Russian official has been charged with attacking a Mongolian rapper who wore a swastika on stage, according to reports.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole have launched legal action against a council.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week.
Spain have qualified for the Rio Olympics for the first time with victory over Australia in the men's fly-half.
The remains of a World War Two fighter jet have been found in Oxfordshire more than 40 years after it crashed.
All pictures are copyrighted. All pictures subject to copyright.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her first film in Scotland.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored twice as Juventus beat Porto to extend their lead at the top of Serie A.
Wales second row Luke Ball has been named in the Wales squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy on Sunday.
A crowdfund campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was forced into his home in Leicestershire.
Frankie Raymond's late winner earned Dagenham a 1-0 win over York in the National League.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal with The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
More than 50 people have been injured in clashes at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, French police have said.
Iraqi security forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli, officials say.
Regulators in the US have ordered crypto-currencies to be registered as securities.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party's pledge to scrap tuition fee subsidies.
Olympic gold medallist Charlotte Bankier won her 10th Scottish National title with victory in the men's doubles final in Glasgow.
Emmanuel Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria 2-1 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Call of Duty fans have been reacting to the news that the latest expansion in the popular video game franchise has been set in Singapore.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new way to breed resistant fish to sea lice.
North Korea is one of the world's most corrupt countries.
George Osborne has been on his feet for over an hour delivering his Budget speech.
Laura Trott won the Para-cycling BVI standing start time trial at the British Cycling Championships in London.
Matt Martin has said he will not race at the North West 200 this year after his Hondas were withdrawn from the event.
Venezuelan police and the National Guard have lifted a curfew in the capital, San Cristobal, which has been in place for more than a month.
More than 90% of landlords and tenants in Scotland have called for the right to buy to be scrapped.
A new exhibition celebrating Liverpool's architectural past and future has opened in Liverpool.
A man has discovered a new hiding place for Loch Ness in the English Channel.
A new school is to be built in memory of Scottish novelist William McIlvanney.
The parents of a British aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan have said they deliberately set up a charity to help her.
A group of police officers in Hong Kong have been jailed for five years for assaulting a pro-democracy activist.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run accident on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress.
Gerry Rafferty, the singer and songwriter best known for his work with the Humblebums, has died at the age of 74.
The first Concorde to be built in the UK has been unveiled at a new museum in Bristol.
A packaging firm has been forced to close after the introduction of 5p charges for plastic bags in England.
Two lesbian women have been separated from their families in Indonesia's Aceh province after they were falsely accused of homosexuality.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound fraud case against six former executives.
Michael McKinstry's time as head coach of the United States national football team has come to an end.
Scottish hockey captain Jamie Forsyth says hosting the European Championship will help boost the sport's popularity in the country.
Two brothers who lost a long-running legal battle with their creditors have been offered a deal to avoid bankruptcy.
UK manufacturing grew at its fastest pace in three years in May, according to a closely watched survey.
Middlesbrough have signed Ivory Coast striker Ali Makris on a two-year deal.
Oscar-winning actor John Wallach has died at the age of 95, his daughter has announced.
British number one Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will begin their US Open campaigns on Monday.
Israel has warned its citizens not to travel to India after a bomb attack on the wife of an Israeli diplomat was critically wounded in 2012.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since the Brexit vote, according to a new survey.
A bomb has exploded at the citadel of the Old City of Aleppo in northern Syria, activists say.
Forests in Africa's south-east Amazon region are more resilient to climate change than previously thought, a study suggests.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who went missing in Cambridgeshire.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Hannah Howard on a two-year deal.
Nigeria's convicted money launderer James Ibori has lost a High Court battle against the Home Office over his release from prison.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after a scam email was sent to supporters.
Welsh walker Jade Davies says it is "unbelievable" to be on the same stage as some of the biggest names in athletics.
Former Wisden captain and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 89.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to kill himself has told him to "get back in" and "just do it babe", court documents show.
Sam Warburton says replacing Alun Wyn Jones as Wales captain is the "best thing" for him.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man was shot dead in Birmingham.
Pakistan has said it has asked the chief of Army Staff to spare the life of a former Indian naval officer.
Women are still paid more than their male counterparts in the skilled trades, according to new figures.
A pilot scheme to use volunteers to police illegal parking outside schools has been halted after it was halted by a council.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after just one game in charge of the Championship club.
A man has been jailed for nine years for causing the death of a 12-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Garbine Muguruza beat Francesca Schiavone 6-4 6-2 to reach the second round of the French Open.
A left-wing party has said it is "ludicrous" to claim it has found 18 members of Jeremy Corbyn's leadership contest.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in central Chile after a powerful earthquake.
Coventry City fans have been reminiscing about the moment the Sky Blues moved to the Ricoh Arena in 2005.
Bury have extended the loan of Bournemouth striker Alex Bergsoy until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the BBC Northern Ireland Festival.
Online banking is one of the most popular ways for people to save money.
A bomb has been found close to a primary school in north Belfast.
Media in India are reacting to reports that tensions have broken out on the border between the two countries.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed Catriona Staniforth and Anna Sjoman from Newcastle United Ladies.
On the outskirts of Gaza City, on the edge of the Gaza Strip, is a block of flats called the Qatari City.
Transport company CrossCountry has said it will not make any changes to its Scottish timetables from this December.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions over disputed waters in the South China Sea.
More than 100 cardinals have arrived in Rome for the first pre-conclave meeting of the process to elect a new Pope.
Elena and her husband, Anatoly and Anatoly, are struggling to pay off their debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned China that the country's currency needs to appreciate further to prevent it becoming more undervalued.
Three people have been rescued after their boat capsized in the River Clyde.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is "very unlikely" that BT will split off its Openreach division.
A court in Niger has filed a complaint against a French company accused of embezzlement and conspiracy to defraud.
At least 11 people have been killed in South Africa's Western Cape province in what officials say is the worst winter storm in 30 years.
A freight train has derailed in the US state of Tennessee, killing two people and injuring seven others.
Paralympic archery champion Katie Brown says she will not compete at the Rio Paralympics in 2016.
A rugby player was killed when his car hit a roundabout while racing against a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a bulldozer crashed into a house in Australia, killing a woman and injuring three others.
Nico Rosberg led Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues moved into the Premiership play-off places with a bonus-point win over Pau.
A crematorium which refused to give the ashes of more than 1,000 babies to their parents is facing a legal challenge.
President Donald Tusk has written to the European Council to notify him of the United Kingdom's intention to leave the European Union.
The poultry industry is one of Northern Ireland's biggest employers.
French customs officials have blocked an attempt to export a rare painting of a woman from Spain to Switzerland.
MPs have invited Sir Bradley Wiggins' team doctor to give evidence to the inquiry into doping in sport.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a Glasgow shopkeeper in a "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified killing".
So what can we learn from the last two weeks of polling on the EU referendum?
Leeds Rhinos coach Brian McDermott says the club's Grand Final win gave them an "edge" in their final game before retirement.
Somerset's Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Talks aimed at resolving the junior doctors' dispute in England have been extended.
Afghanistan and Pakistan have signed a hotline to discuss the security situation in the country.
The Sydney Sixers beat the Brisbane Heat by eight runs in the One-Day Cup final to reach the final.
Barca extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with a comfortable win over Levante.
The driver of a train that derailed in Spain last month was on duty more than two days before the accident, the country's transport regulator has said.
The funeral of a teenager who died in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a century as Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by eight wickets in the Women's Super League.
Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Dimitri Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US interest rate was too low.
Gloucester reached the European Champions Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Cardiff Blues.
A sinkhole has opened up beneath a road that links two quarries, a council has said.
When Jolyon Hunt won the 1976 Formula 1 World Championship, it was the first time the sport was broadcast on television in the UK.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup for the first time in their history.
Two dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field in Essex.
Wales captain Huw Jenkins says the reaction to Friday's Six Nations win over France is " baffling".
Mae'r heddlu wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Ninbych ar 12 Awst.
Scientists have developed tiny fingerprint structures that could be used to authenticate electronic devices.
A number of prescription drugs, including benzodiazepines, have been stolen from a pharmacy in Londonderry.
England are in a very good position to win the second Test against South Africa at The Oval.
Kirsty Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the response to her 10,000m win at the European Championships in London.
It is hard to find a retreat in the foothills of the Poconos Mountains in the US state of Pennsylvania.
The family of a British teenager who drowned on a beach in India nine years ago have appealed against a court's decision not to prosecute two men accused of her murder.
If you wanted to know what was going on at Dundee United you'd have to go to the Phoenix in Nethergate.
A woman has been charged with raping a cab driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a Londonderry teacher who died in a fall in China have said they are "devastated".
A Scottish artist has gone on display to mark the 50th anniversary of his birth.
Liam Lopez scored a hat-trick of penalties as Scotland came from behind to beat France in the Six Nations opener.
Bus drivers in Dorset are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Michelin has said it will do all it can to save the Michelin factory in County Antrim.
The UN, Red Cross and other big donor countries have failed to contribute enough money to the appeal for Syria, according to charity Oxfam.
The Revenant has been named best film at the Baftas, the biggest awards in the history of Hollywood.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
An EasyJet dog has become one of the most travelled dogs in the country.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Graeme McDowell looks at the implications of the UK's decision to leave the EU.
Swansea University's School of Management has been accused of a culture of "bullying" by staff.
Wasps flanker N Hughes has been named in the England pre-season squad for the autumn Tests against Australia and New Zealand.
Derbyshire have signed fast bowler Liam Cotton and all-rounder Adam Taylor on loan until the end of the season.
Vigils have been held across the UK for the family of South African woman Mziwamadoda Dewani who was shot dead in November.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in Dublin for an undisclosed sum.
A payday lender has agreed to refund more than £700,000 to customers affected by its lending practices.
Singer Joan Collins has said she is "doing well" after suffering a traumatic brain injury three years ago.
Plans to introduce 20mph speed limits in Edinburgh have been given the go-ahead.
More than 600,000 people missed hospital appointments in Scotland in the last five years, according to new figures.
The chief executive of Royal Mail, Carolyn McCall, has been named as the company's new chief executive.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months time, the chairman of the organisation behind the event has said.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£55m) to settle a case brought by asylum seekers held in Papua New Guinea (PNG).
A council has been ordered to pay £1,000 to a victim of sexual abuse by a former education department worker.
Plans have been unveiled for a new high-rise building on the site of a former nuclear power station in Southampton.
WBC super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he has learned to deal with the injuries he suffered in his defeat by Martin Joubert in Glasgow.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has eased the rules on allowing priests to forgive abortion without seeking permission from a bishop.
Police in India have launched an investigation into a Nepalese couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest.
Manchester City moved up to second in the Premier League with a draw against Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
An elderly woman has been killed in a house fire in Stirling.
Starbucks has reported a rise in profits for the fourth quarter of its financial year.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" his Porsche team are in contention for the world championship.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's response to the refugee crisis in Syria.
Plans for a new specialist cancer unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
A number of operations have been cancelled at A&E departments in Denbighshire due to "unprecedented" demand.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.2bn) to settle allegations that it rigged Libor interest rates.
Two young rugby players have been able to play without goggles for the first time.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup finals, Scottish Rugby has announced.
Crewe Alexandra manager David Davis says the club's young players have been "pretty strong".
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the Premiership final for the first time in their history.
NHS staff have been told to use Google to check if they are not victims of a cyber-attack.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "devastated" by the amount of rubbish officers have raked through at the site where he went missing.
The cost of a free childcare policy for working parents in Wales could rise by up to £200m, a leading economist has warned.
James Corden has appeared on Carpool Karaoke with First Lady Michelle Obama.
A collection of letters from the author of Pride and Prejudice is to go on display for the first time.
Wigan Warriors head coach Steve Smith says his side are "looking just to win the game" after they came from behind to beat Wolves in the League Leaders' Shield final.
England's Chris Woakes, Chris Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named the world's leading cricketers in 2016.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash in Bangor.
New Zealand international Ryan Draper scored a hat-trick as Tranmere Rovers reached the Scottish League Two play-off final.
Labour leader Carwyn Jones has said "tough decisions" will have to be made in the first year of the Welsh Government's budget.
A former football manager has been arrested on suspicion of indecency with children.
Some of Scotland's most distinguished people have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The number of nursing homes in England has fallen by more than a third in the past year, according to the regulator.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol, a court has heard.
Scientists have identified a gene that may have helped humans expand their brain size 800,000 years ago.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for an undisclosed fee.
A pizza shop has been removed from its list of approved suppliers after a "mental health issue" was found on the delivery instructions.
A further £4.2m is to be spent on the repair of flood defences on the Welsh coast following winter storms.
Five women have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top eight finish in Super League with a hard-fought victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
U2 have performed in Dublin for the first time in 30 years, in front of a record-breaking crowd.
Wales made a winning start to their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Moldova in Cardiff.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Iranian police have arrested 13 people in connection with a "happy we are from Tehran" video, state media report.
A woman whose remains were found under rubble in a garden was murdered by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
The government has been ordered to come up with a plan to bring down air pollution in the UK no earlier than 2020.
Oscar-winning conductor Helen Alsop has spoken for the first time about the significance of the BBC Proms.
An Afghan woman who was raped and sexually abused by her father has been sentenced to life in prison in the US.
An RAF pilot who caused a jet to nosedive over Afghanistan has been given a two-year suspended sentence.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has launched its propaganda channel via the Telegram messaging app.
Iraq's parliament has approved a package of reforms aimed at reforming the country's political system.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations play-off in Dar es Salaam.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won gold in the women's 4x100m freestyle relay at the Rio Olympics.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in London have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Hull City need to sign a striker who can put the ball in the net, says manager Danny Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly has voted in favour of allowing abortion on grounds of rape or fatal foetal abnormality.
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the EPCR Untoward Incident Review Group (EPCR) for an incident involving scrum-half Conor Murray in a Premiership game in January.
Iraqi security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities who has given birth to six children is to be sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
Plans to restore a Grade I-listed stately home have been submitted to the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine to move into second place in the overall standings.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Four men have been arrested in Britain on suspicion of terrorism offences, the North East Counter Terrorism Unit has said.
Jordan is one of the most important countries in the Middle East and a major contributor to the UN peace process.
The "de facto authorities" in eastern Ukraine have ordered all UN agencies and non-governmental organisations to leave the area, the UN's humanitarian chief has said.
India will participate in the Champions Trophy in May, the world governing body has announced.
Plans to reintroduce flood forests to upland areas of the UK could be "highly effective" and cheaper than conventional flood defences, Lord Rooker has said.
The Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has shelved plans to open a lounge selling marijuana on its land.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the Tees Valley.
The Russian Orthodox Church has said it is investigating a claim that a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II was stained with myrrh.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next Supreme Court justice.
Coding is a "safe space" for women to work in the technology industry, according to Lucy Howe.
A railway station which closed in 1967 has gone on display for the first time in more than 50 years.
Chinese shares have fallen after a closely watched survey showed factory activity shrank for the second month in a row in October.
Three policemen have been injured after a gang of masked men tried to break into a department store in central London.
Leverkusen boss Christian Schmidt has been banned from all football-related activity for two games after being sent off for insulting a referee.
France's far-right National Front (FN) has won the first round of Austria's presidential election, but it faces a challenge from right-wing populists in France.
The Green Party of Scotland has gained two seats in Orkney in the local elections.
A motorcyclist, Damian Piotrowski, has died after being involved in a collision with three cars in Edinburgh.
It's been a turbulent week for Scotland.
A County Antrim man has said he is "devastated" by the discovery of a postcard he received 29 years ago.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Kangaroos prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US rival for its eczema treatment.
A Canadian hostage in the Philippines has been decapitated, the Philippine authorities say.
Madonna has released a music video for her new album.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a philanderer.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union, with £416m of further funding coming into the county.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in West Lothian.
It's been a good night for the Scottish Conservatives.
China's Ding Junhui fought back from 5-4 down to beat Spain's Fernando Figueiredo 6-4 at the World Championship in Sheffield.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for not doing enough to help victims of crime.
Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Warsaw Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over China's Zheng Saisai.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 70th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned to Saturn.
Thousands of people have taken part in street parties across the Isle of Wight.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat to a school for a 16-year-old girl.
Macclesfield Town have signed striker Ryan Marsh on a two-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
Manchester United have won the Premier League for the first time in their history and it has been a fantastic season for the players and the manager.
The victims of a balcony collapse in San Francisco on Tuesday night have been identified as James Culligan and David Schuster.
A US entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because of concerns that some questions were leaked online.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the party's historic Clause IV, if he wins the leadership.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City are "seeing the old Swansea again".
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" over their handling of domestic abuse allegations.
Paul Smith has been knocked out of the WBA super-middleweight title in the final round by Germany's Alexander Zeuge.
Oscar-winning actor Ben Broadbent is to star in a new film about the Great Train Robbery.
The US is "not in any way walking back" from charges against the Indian consul in the capital, Delhi, the state department has said.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates has been awarded the Martin Ennals Award by the UN Human Rights Council.
Plans to invest Â£1.3bn in regional transport in the north of England should be given the go-ahead by Chancellor George Osborne, Labour has said.
Britain's Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Czech Lukas Rosol in Melbourne.
Voting has begun in local elections in Merseyside.
A 15-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in Aberdeenshire.
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals to be introduced on Good Friday.
Mayo's hopes of winning back-to-back All-Ireland titles suffered a major blow as they were beaten 0-19 to 1-15 by Dublin in the final at Croke Park.
The first group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
Russia has described a Belarusian official who carried a Russian flag during the Rio Paralympics as a "hero".
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a nine-year-old boy by dangerous driving after he backed his tractor into a worker.
Former road race champion David Miller has joined British Cycling as an anti-doping officer until the end of the month.
Residents have said they are "very angry" their homes have been hit by a large fire that has caused them to lose their takings.
Police have arrested nine men in London and Stoke-on-Trent on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Scientists are debating whether a new technique to transmit light waves across space is feasible.
The inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan, the first woman in the UK to die from mental health problems during pregnancy, has highlighted the need for more support for mothers and their infants.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales have been hit by a rise in business rates.
Brighton midfielder Stephens has been banned for the rest of the season by the Football Association for his red card in the Championship play-off final.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to launch his campaign for re-election on Monday.
More than half of UK workers have been absent from work when they are ill, a survey suggests.
Tenants at a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding failed new fire safety tests.
An Indian doctor has been arrested in Australia on suspicion of falsifying his credentials to work as a doctor.
US President Barack Obama has said it is "hard to envision how that happens" after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said a Palestinian state would not occur while he was prime minister.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl at a care home.
The government has announced plans to throw Â£5m at Muslim groups prepared to join it in combating extremism.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has called on Prime Minister Theresa May to support an open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland after Brexit.
Universities in England are "not good enough", Education Secretary Boris Johnson is to say.
A Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton found in Mongolia has been sold at auction for more than $1m (Â£800,000).
Wycombe goalkeeper Pierre Blackman produced a stunning last-minute save to salvage a point against Blackpool.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has risen by more than a third in six years, figures show.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall.
More than half of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
A review of the use of 20mph speed limits in Manchester has been ordered by the city council.
St Johnstone midfielder James Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Labour can beat the Conservatives by itself, Welsh MP Kirsty Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound was found dead behind a water tank in Lancashire.
A German court has opened the trial of a far-right activist accused of involvement in a series of murders in East Germany.
Univision has said it will not air the Miss Universe pageant hosted by US presidential hopeful Donald Trump.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for remarks he made during his Golden Globe acceptance speech at the ceremony.
A £100m shopping complex in Newport is set to open with the opening of a Debenhams store.
India's central bank governor has said he is "a little concerned" about the "immense burden" on the country's central banks.
The Conservatives and Labour have announced that they will clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion in the next Parliament.
Rescuers searching for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in Italy say they are facing a "race against time" to find survivors.
A memorial service for the victims of the Shoreham air disaster is to be held in West Sussex later.
A police and crime commissioner has said he is "not convinced" moving his office to Exeter is the best use of his time or money.
The Australian government has announced a multi-million dollar drought assistance package for farmers in Queensland.
A grand jury in the US state of South Carolina has ruled that Sandra Bland was unlawfully detained.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
England's Mark Ding reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship with a 4-3 win over Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh.
Worcestershire director of cricket Martin Benkenstein says he is hopeful batsman Chris Berg will be fit for the start of the County Championship season.
The partner of a man who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was in a washing machine.
Mae'r esgob yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf wedi ei hethol fel un "hanesyddol" yn Sir Gâr ac yn Ganon Tyddewi.
Barrow have appointed Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The world's biggest cocoa producer, Cadbury, has announced it is changing its approach to ethical trade.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for fiction.
A Dundee man has been fined after a Rangers fan was hit in the head with a football ball.
The US has stepped up security for the Super Bowl in California, amid heightened security concerns following the deadly attacks in Paris last year.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he collapsed on the pitch, according to his consultant Dr David Tobin.
A post-mortem examination has been carried out on a man who died in Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in the first pre-season test at the Australian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential artist.
Oil giant Shell has said it will not condone "distasteful and suggestive" adverts featuring a cardboard cutout of a female employee.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
"Growing up in the 1970s, vegetable oil was a very expensive commodity," says Prof David Benton.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding a first Championship defeat of the season were dealt a blow on the final day against Kent at Edgbaston.
North Korea has reportedly tested a ballistic missile from a submarine, according to state media.
The number of people being conned out of their pension savings has more than doubled in the last two years, the Information Commissioner's Office has said.
A barrister is seeking to review a senior prosecutor's decision not to refer two brothers to the Crown Court for breaching their assisting offender agreements.
Youngsters should not buy cosmetic contact lenses, the General Optical Council has warned.
A worker at the Byron restaurant chain has said he was arrested and deported after using fake documents to get a job.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town defender Jack Cole for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Game of Thrones star Arya Christie is to star in the second series of Top of the Lake.
First Derivatives, a financial analysis software firm based in Newry, County Down, has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the three months to the end of March.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester has been banned from entering alleyways.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has said he has "serious concerns" about the possibility of the UK leaving the European Union.
The Home Office has ordered a "strategic review" of undercover policing in Scotland.
Lazio have been banned for two games behind closed doors by Uefa for racist chanting.
A US judge has thrown out a request by Apple to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago, hours after it was due to start.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb says he is "back up and running" ahead of the start of the Six Nations.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A carriage which transported Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral in Oxfordshire has been restored.
Hundreds of nude models are to go on display in Hull for the first time in more than four years.
A collection of phonograph recordings made by the family of Oliver Cromwell Wall has been restored by the Museum of London.
UKIP has said it has no evidence of any offences after the BBC's Have I Got News for You made a false statement about Nigel Farage.
Scientists have developed a robotic arm that can be used to carry out invasive surgery.
One of the world's most famous locomotives has made its first journey across the Moors.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games at a theatre.
Three radio shows in Pembrokeshire are to be moved to a new studios in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies based in the Falkland Islands.
The last flight of the World War Two bomber has taken place in Lancashire.
The UK is likely to have to pay up to £500m in the event of Brexit, according to a report by the Office for National Statistics.
An app that allows people to identify themselves has been launched in the UK.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won the Chinese Open by one shot from Rory McIlroy.
A search has been launched for a kayaker believed to be in difficulty off the coast of County Down.
Facebook has unveiled a range of new features to its Messenger messaging app, which it says will allow users to express themselves more easily.
It's that time of year again when the world's most powerful man returns to the UK.
The US is to send special forces to Iraq to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS), Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of pro-democracy and human rights organisations, officials say.
At the Knox Museum in Knoxville, Tennessee, you are greeted by the smell of rotting dog food.
A motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after falling on wet sand in Porthcawl.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left in tears after their concert in Belfast was cancelled due to Jesy being unwell.
A new centre dedicated to the Battle of the Somme is to be built in memory of the last surviving Spitfire fighter.
Sam Owens scored a hat-trick as Warrington beat Widnes to move to within a point of Super League leaders Hull KR.
South Africa is one of the world's most picturesque countries.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed former Chesterfield midfielder Alassane Ouattara for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq index of technology stocks ended the day sharply lower.
The Sri Lankan embassy in Riyadh is holding a queue of migrant domestic workers in a detention centre in Saudi Arabia.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama in a landmark challenge to his healthcare law.
A great-grandfather who escaped from a court in Belfast 40 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
Thousands of Coptic Christians have attended the funeral of Pope Shenouda in Cairo.
A man's body has been found in a road in Lancashire.
Jeremy Corbyn's photo of himself clutching a banana on the eve of Labour's party conference in Bournemouth was a reminder that he is not the only senior figure in the party who has lost control of events.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says striker Marcus Rashford is a "class act" who will have to adjust to the pressure of Euro 2016.
MPs have voted to hold an immediate review of the same-sex Marriage Bill after a series of failed attempts to amend it.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been shut in Belfast after a fire.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient.
Wrexham's drug problem has been on the rise for the last decade.
Tanzania's electoral commission chairman has accused the opposition of "partisan" violence in the archipelago of Zanzibar and Pemba.
More than 5,000 jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to official figures.
A UN fact-finding mission has concluded that "a large number" of people died in a chemical weapons attack in northern Syria last month.
A militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has said it will launch attacks on the Yemeni authorities.
A British soldier has been reunited with his Gallipoli campaign suit after it was stolen from a train.
Paralympic champion David Weir has said he will still race at the London Marathon this year.
Shropshire College has announced plans to cut 76 posts by the end of the year.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating allegations of malpractice in an exam paper.
Ed Sheeran has played a series of unannounced shows at the T in the Park festival in London.
Sierra Leone's first Ebola treatment centre has been set up in the capital, Freetown, by a doctor who was trained in how to use a gun.
Former deputy prime minister Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to seven points with a 2-0 win over Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Fabio Borini has left the club by mutual consent.
The world's biggest technology companies are gearing up for a huge shift in the way we track our health.
Pope Francis has approved a miracle attributed to the late Mother Teresa, the Catholic Church has said.
A controlled explosion has been carried out on a beach in Nairn after two unexploded bombs were found.
The value of VW-badged cars sold in the UK has fallen by more than a third in the past year, according to new research.
Facebook's founder has said he does not believe that requiring Apple to unlock a killer's iPhone is the right thing to do.
The body of a woman who died in the AirAsia flight QZ8501 has been buried in Indonesia.
Beauly will face Kilmallie in the Camanachd Cup semi-finals after a 2-1 win over Kinlochshiel.
Belgian police have neutralised a group of suspected Islamist militants in a town close to the border with Germany, a prosecutor says.
A council has launched a night-vision goggles scheme to tackle dog "hotspots" in Staffordshire.
A squirrel ran across a bar's pumps and turned on the Caffrey's tap to get drunk, a club secretary has said.
Scottish Labour is to ask the Scottish government what it knows about alleged spying on MSPs' phones.
A man who was wrongly convicted of murder 22 years ago has been exonerated by a judge in the US state of Michigan.
The City of Edinburgh has launched a campaign to tackle anti-social behaviour in Edinburgh's Leith Walk area.
The families of two prisoners who died after self-inflicted incidents at a prison have launched a judicial review.
Sir Michael Wilshaw has said he will start to think about the future of the Red Arrows in the next year or two.
A man who has been dying for several weeks has called for a legal euthanasia bill to be put on the statute books.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli was subjected to monkey noises during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Genoa, according to his club Bastia.
Members of the RMT union have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over staffing changes.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with a knee injury.
It's been a busy week for social media.
Bumblebees in Europe are among the most likely pollinators to be killed by pesticides, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been returned to Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has ended its campaign to appoint Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
A yacht has been rescued after an explosion off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
A refugee has been found guilty of racially aggravated disorder at a pro-refugee rally in November last year.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool have been backed by the city's mayor.
A radio station in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Biafra has been shut down by the government, the BBC has learned.
A former soldier who became homeless 15 years ago has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Boeing has developed a high powered laser that can be used in drones.
Four people have been arrested after teenager James Appleton was stabbed to death in a park in north London.
Crusaders will attempt to secure a European place if they beat Coleraine at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John has called for more to be done to help former players with dementia.
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
A portrait of Mozart has been unveiled to mark the composer's 90th birthday.
A new 'Boris bikes' scheme has been launched in London.
India beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the second Test in Galle to move up to second in the Test rankings.
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will not sponsor a golf tournament in Mexico City, despite the PGA Tour's decision to pull out.
The Scottish government and the Scotch Whisky Association (SWA) have launched a legal challenge to minimum pricing for alcohol.
Status Quo singer Rick Parfitt has died at the age of 67, his manager has said.
Car insurance premiums in England and Wales will rise by an average of 20% over the next three years, the AA has warned.
It was a mixed bag for the English Football League on Saturday.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is "delighted" by the progress of his side in the Betfred Cup group stage.
One of Scotland's most senior academics has called on the Scottish government to withdraw controversial amendments to a higher education bill.
Cardiff City midfielder Peter Whittingham has accepted a new contract with the Championship club.
A drilling rig is to arrive at the Beatrice oil field off the coast of Caithness.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he is not feeling under pressure as he prepares for his World Championship quarter-final.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating alleged financial irregularities.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for failing to control his players in Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Northampton Town.
National League side Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel O'Neill on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture of musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in a park in Hull.
A woman has been arrested after two mobile phones were found at a house in Northumberland, police have said.
A woman has died after being hit by a train in Ipswich.
Dancing star Rosie O'Donnell has said he was "ridiculous" to be voted off Strictly Come Dancing.
Paul the octopus has been named the world's most famous 'psychic' octopus.
Colwyn Bay have sacked manager David Lynch after just two months in charge of the League Two club.
A Cub Scout has won the men's title at the World Para-Conkers Championships.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his car.
The first unmanned aircraft to be built at the Paris Air Show has been unveiled.
What do you do if you live in a block of flats in New York City?
The US has accused the Trump administration of "chronic anti-Israel bias" at the UN Human Rights Council.
The Church of England is to divest its investment portfolio from fossil fuels for the first time.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" for the Premier League's bottom three.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Europa League for the first time in their history as they were thrashed by Olympiakos in the quarter-finals in Istanbul.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to treat an attack on an air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir "just the way they've said they will".
An Indian woman who claims she was forced into marriage by her husband in Pakistan has arrived in Delhi.
The Liberal Democrats have lost four seats in the general election in Scotland.
Madagascar's parliament has voted to impeach President Andry Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook scored a career-best 263 as his side dominated Pakistan on day two of the first Test.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to stage two days of strike action in a dispute over pay.
Why hasn't a British plane dropped a bomb on a group of so-called Islamic State fighters in Syria?
A bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in north Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl.
Mexican Interior Minister Luis Galindo has been sacked after a report accused police of using excessive force during a raid.
Flight bookings systems used by airlines and travel agents are vulnerable to phishing attacks, according to security experts.
Up to 15% of police officers in England and Wales are planning to leave the service, according to a BBC survey.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils and move up to second in Super League.
Oxford's main road is to be made pedestrian-only when it reopens next year, the council has said.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has said it will take "appropriate steps" to ensure the safety of players in Bangladesh during their tour of the country.
Two senior council leaders have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" that there will be treaty change to help solve the eurozone's economic crisis.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers in the National League on Thursday.
A giant flower which has been growing in the grounds of the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh is expected to bloom at the end of the week.
Tyson Fury says he is "absolutely confident" he will be cleared of a doping offence when he fights Wladimir Klitschko in October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found in ditches in Peterborough.
The world's first unmanned drone has been developed.
The bodies of three men who died in the collapse of a building at the RWE NPower site in Londonderry have been found.
Indonesia's governing Democratic Party of Independence (PDI-P) has won the country's parliamentary election, according to early results.
Brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a fresh bid for rival SABMiller, in a deal that could create the world's biggest brewer.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced a £250m plan to improve tennis facilities in Britain.
The South West is to receive the largest share of a government fund to tackle the housing affordability gap in England.
A computer program is being pitted against human players in a new poker tournament in the US.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese takeaway restaurant owner in County Antrim.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a major offensive on government-held areas of the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, officials say.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-born blogger to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2016 World Cup.
Revenues from the music industry rose by more than 5% last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) to settle a series of safety-related lawsuits.
A lion has escaped from a national park in South Africa, officials say.
Philip Larkin is to be memorialised in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, it has been announced.
A former soldier has been jailed for a "billion times more likely" to belong to a 15-year-old girl who was murdered in 1976.
South Sudan's president has sacked the entire cabinet, in a major shake-up of the government.
A Russian space craft that was due to be sent to the International Space Station (ISS) has been lost and is likely to disintegrate, Russian officials say.
In a refugee camp on the border with Syria, a group of children are playing in the sunshine.
Two people have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of South Africa.
A number of homes in Great Yarmouth have been flooded following heavy rain.
A cat found in a car in Glasgow was poisoned with antifreeze, the Scottish SPCA has said.
The Chicago Owlz baseball team has apologised for "misconstrued" promotions in the wake of the recent shootings in South Carolina.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of abducting a woman from Milton Keynes.
What do you do if you're Lorde and you're sick?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title defence has been described as one of the greatest achievements of the club's history.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a draw against Somerset.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was "wrong".
A lifeboat crew rescued a group of brides stranded on a river after their boat became stuck in mud.
Actor Bradley Bradley is to star in a new Doctor Who episode.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government fund the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man and a woman they want to speak to in connection with a break-in at a house in Kent.
The former market hall on Anglesey is to be turned into a museum.
The government has said it wants to reduce the number of stop and searches by police in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glentoran manager Paul Haveron has urged his players to show passion and pride in Saturday's Premiership derby against Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Plans to close consultant-led maternity services at a north Wales hospital have been backed by AMs.
Dumfries and Galloway manager James McCann has cancelled their League Cup match against Dundee United because of a lack of attitude.
Slovakia is a small country in the north-east of Europe, sandwiched between the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he is "close" to signing former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker.
A new bowling pavilion is to be built in West Yorkshire.
England reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers with a 2-0 win over Belgium in Leuven.
Google's Titan Aerospace, the company that has been developing internet-providing drones, has shut down.
A 19-year-old man who escaped from a second-floor window of a Manchester bus station has been arrested.
Frank Pantridge was one of the world's most influential cardiologists.
Great Britain's Lionhearts won the World Superbantamweight Championship for the first time in their history with a unanimous points win over Cuba.
Hull KR reached the Challenge Cup sixth round for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Oldham.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said he has discussed plans to turn the city's prison complex into a park.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Edinburgh.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has dropped its case against two men accused of grooming a 15-year-old girl in Rochdale.
It is not often that top footballers are diagnosed with a cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have seen their audience share fall over the past three months, according to audience research body Kantar Media.
A festival celebrating the work of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is to be held in Edinburgh.
Schalke have signed former Hoffenheim boss Massimo Tedesco for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic have been charged by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Europa League match in Turkey.
A towpath on the Aberystwyth coast is to be closed to allow repairs to be carried out on a high-rise structure.
The Scottish Professional Football League has announced new rules aimed at tackling anti-social behaviour at matches.
India's Maoist rebels began their insurgency in the north-eastern state of Chhattisgarh in 1967.
Scientists have used a molecular tape recorder to trace the lineage of hundreds of thousands of cells.
Katie Storey won the women's road race at the World Para-cycling Championships for the first time in her career.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to seven years in prison for corruption.
The Queen has unveiled a 21-Bill programme for social reform in her State Opening of Parliament.
An Australian boy has been mauled to death by a saltwater crocodile in a national park, officials say.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their 1-0 defeat by Switzerland in the opening Group E game of Euro 2016.
A new app has been launched to help people who have taken their own lives in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
Two men have been given suspended sentences after dumping tyres on the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the first Test in Galle to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the central Philippines, killing at least two people.
Ireland all-rounder James Rankin has announced his retirement from Test cricket.
Zinedine Zidane's first game in charge of Real Madrid ended in a crushing defeat at Espanyol on Sunday.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced a series of changes to the county cricket schedule.
A town is facing a five-figure repair bill after a 17th Century cross was hit by a car.
The French island of Reunion is one of the poorest in the Indian Ocean.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia if it can find areas of practical co-operation that will benefit the American people.
England's Justin Rose and Rickie Fowler share the lead after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship in North Carolina.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to join Championship side Rotherham United as manager on a two-year deal.
As Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces prepare to retake the city of Mosul from Islamic State militants, one of their main targets is the collapse of the Mosul Dam.
Former West Ham chairman Sir Dave Gold has been caught up in a Twitter hoax.
More than 100 Christmas trimmings have been stolen from a butcher's shop in Powys during the Christmas rush.
Victoria Azarenka has won her first competitive match since giving birth to her first child.
Leeds Rhinos say they will spend £1m rebuilding their training site after it was damaged by flood water.
Six teenagers have been found dead in a hut in northern Germany after a birthday party, police say.
Corruption is a " rallying cry" for so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says it is "cool to see the racing is that close" between Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scientists have discovered a mysterious heat hotspot at the top of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership by the Rugby Football League.
Leicester Riders are looking to continue their winning start to the Women's British Basketball League season.
Kilmarnock moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest percentage of obese adults in Europe, according to a new report.
Two teenagers have been killed in a car crash in the French capital, Paris, police say.
UK retail sales rose by more than expected in November, according to official figures.
A filly has been disqualified from the At The Races after being scanned for the wrong horse.
The UK's exit from the European Union could take years to complete, former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said.
At least eight people have been killed in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has described the "horrific" death of more than 50,000 inmates at the Natzweiler concentration camp in Alsace as "the worst that can happen".
A student has been given a $12 (Â£8) reward for spotting a "bug bounty" in Google's website-buying system.
A barrister has been commissioned to go through 10,000 police documents in the context of the investigation into the 1984 Battle of Orgreave.
Adam Johnson scored twice as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Motherwell.
The world's richest man, Charles F Feeney, has died.
A Conservative MP who left his wife to take up a seat in the House of Commons has been reselected.
Indian film-maker Rajinikanth has declared a holiday in the southern cities of Chennai and Bangalore to "avoid piled up leave requests".
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has been found unconscious at a brothel in the US state of Nevada.
It was an extraordinary day for the European Union.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has defended his use of illegal injections of performance-enhancing substances before major races.
More than 1,600 spiderlings have been reared at a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a conservation project.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has nominated two candidates for vice-presidents in Myanmar's new government.
A 16-year-old girl from the US is trying to teach the computer how to diagnose cancer.
Sudan's military and pro-government forces are engaged in a fierce battle over the disputed town of Heglig, close to the border with South Sudan.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in a Carmarthenshire village have been given the go-ahead by the local council.
The number of European workers in the UK has risen to a record high, according to official figures.
The John Moores Painting Prize has been awarded to a young artist who has been working on a series of paintings.
A kidnap kingpin in Nigeria has filed a law suit against police in the capital, Lagos, accusing them of unlawfully arresting him.
Northern Ireland striker David Paterson says his side have "only got ourselves to blame" for their 2-0 defeat by Israel in the Euro 2016 qualifier in Tel Aviv.
Officials from the Department of Finance and Personnel (DFP) are to attend the Irish parliament's finance committee inquiry on Thursday.
Thousands of people have been affected by flooding at a railway station in south-east London.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdicating, the Imperial Palace has said.
A company planning to drill a borehole in Fermanagh has been denied permission by the government.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh government's cabinet, according to the Association of Accountants.
UK universities are facing "significant challenges" in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, according to senior figures.
Taking long naps at night could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to scientists in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have been knocked out of the European Championship play-off in Japan.
The remains of a teenager shot by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed.
John Welsh and David Kelman have been shortlisted for two awards at this year's Saltire Book Awards.
The derby is one of the most famous sporting events in the world.
House prices in the East of England have risen faster than the average in other parts of the UK, official figures show.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned that London's teaching hospitals are struggling to recruit nurses because of staffing shortages.
Karrueche Jackson has announced that she is separating from Chris Brown.
The family of a black woman who died while in police custody in Texas has said she may have tried to kill herself.
The United Nations is in the midst of a major recruitment process.
N-Dubz have been nominated for four awards at this year's Mobo Awards, according to frontman Dappy.
Eight people have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been named in the England squad for the second Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
A "significant number" of anti-fascists were "intent on violence and criminality", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are visiting Bhutan for the first time in more than 30 years.
The retreat of glaciers in the French Alps has accelerated, according to a new survey.
A property tycoon has been accused of making racist comments about white people renting his properties.
At least 20 people have been injured in a train derailment in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, officials say.
A man has admitted stealing a woman's handbag after she fell to her death on a motorway.
Lewis Hamilton has won the United States Grand Prix for the first time in his career.
The family of a 10-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorcyclist in Greece have said they are "shocked, angry and upset".
A replica of Lady Penelope, the puppet created by the late Thunderbirds creator John Anderson, is to be auctioned.
The GCSE exams in England and Northern Ireland are to be overhauled, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria's head coach by the National Football Federation (NFF).
The government is considering curbs on temporary work restrictions for Romanian and Bulgarian migrants coming to the UK, the BBC understands.
A vicar who encouraged a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for 10 years.
Athletics waiting times in England have improved for the first time in more than a year, according to NHS England.
The government is to investigate the decision to remove three children from the care of a UKIP couple in Rotherham.
Andy Murray has bet £100,000 on winning a stake in the Aegon Classic in Aberdeen, according to bookmaker Ladbrokes.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
A former governor of Tamaulipas, Carlos Yarrington, has been arrested in Mexico on corruption charges, officials say.
Colchester moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a stoppage-time penalty against Chesterfield.
London Bridge is to be closed for three weeks for maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to return to The Voice UK after a two-year absence.
The Famous Five children's books are to be published for adults for the first time.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a street attack.
A seaside town could be left in a "bubble" if the TV show it stars in bursts, a tourism group has warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a baby's body at a house in north London.
Microsoft has agreed to pay more than $1bn (Â£770m) to buy patents from AOL, the former owner of AOL.
Lions fly-half Tommy Bowe has been ruled out of Ulster's Pro12 game against Munster on Saturday with a knee injury.
US President Donald Trump has said he did not make any recordings of conversations with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a clear agenda for government, the party's leader has said.
Hearts head coach Ian Levein says he has "high hopes" for new boss Ian Cathro despite the club's poor start to the season.
Residents have been urged to get involved in tackling mountain fires in the Welsh mountains in a bid to stop the spread of the disease.
The US city of Chicago has been chosen as the preferred location for President Barack Obama's presidential library.
Toyota has cut its profit forecast for the year ahead, as it continues to struggle to meet demand in the US.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport has been told her passport will be cancelled if it is made for "a bet or frivolous purpose".
Two brothers have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Ciara Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith have qualified for Sunday's final of the Ulster Indoor Championships at Santry.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Rangers will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
The death of a baby boy in Pakistan's capital, Karachi, has sparked a debate about the security arrangements in the country.
The families of five people who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal plant have said they have "never had any answers" about why they died.
Bristol City moved up to second in League Two with a comfortable win over fellow strugglers East Stirlingshire.
Coventry City Council has said it is "unfair" to take more Syrian refugees than other councils.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison for attempting to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit in 2011.
The travel firm Tui Group has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terrorist attack in Tunisia that killed 38 people.
Police have issued a warning after a bomb was found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments on whether non-profit groups can block the Obama administration from providing birth control in health plans.
A solar-powered plane has been forced to abandon its attempt to cross the Pacific Ocean from Abu Dhabi to Nagoya, Japan.
Celtic's 13-year-old son Karamoko has made his debut for the club's development squad.
Worcester City head coach Colin Gordon should be part of a team managing the club, says chairman Steve Brown.
A furry podcast aimed at people who dress in animal costumes has been broadcast on a number of radio stations in the US.
Manchester City missed out on a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Swansea City.
British number one Tom Watson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the China Open after a rain-affected first round.
Danny Doughty scored a late winner as Millwall beat Swindon to move into the League One play-off places.
Theresa May has been accused of letting austerity damage her ability to keep us safe by linking cuts to the London terror attacks to cuts to police numbers.
Former taoiseach (prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 87.
Coventry Cathedral has been lit up with a human chain to mark the 70th anniversary of the World War Two bombing of the city.
British singer-songwriter Robin Sarstedt, best known for his song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 88.
Former children's laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a TV drama based on her novel Callum and Sephy.
Six men have been charged with historical sex offences against six women.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
Oil giant BP has brought non-essential overseas staff out of Libya for the time being in a phased reduction of numbers.
It was supposed to be a speech about the government's plans to force all schools in England to become academies.
Twenty-one patients have been evacuated from Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after smoke was reported coming from a bed pan washer.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of former ITV bodyguard David Hayden.
The mother of a teenager who died after being hit by a train has launched a new programme to help children cope with bullying.
The star of US comedy Two and a Half Men has said he no longer wants to appear on the show.
The UK is to be able to import hydro-power from Norway for the first time, the government has announced.
A man who travelled to Manchester to help victims of the Manchester Arena attack has said he was "under the assumption" people would need help.
South Africa's Karoo National Park has put down a lion that has been on the run for more than a year.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland was a mixed bag.
Substitute Sandro scored a late winner as Ipswich Town beat QPR to move up to second in the Championship.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says it is "very worried" about the situation in Liberia.
Police have said 16 petrol bombs have been found in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the first of two new Earth-observation satellites.
Scotland's fishing industry has said it is "disappointed" by the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
A private ambulance has crashed into a bus and a car in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new contract with the Spanish giants.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says his side's relegation from the Premiership is the biggest game of his career.
A man has described the "devastating" flash flooding that hit his cars in Fife on Saturday.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "significant improvements" to its services if it is to meet its budget targets, according to a report.
A man has been jailed for 10 years for raping a woman in a "horrific attack" in 1985.
One of China's most famous linguists has died in Beijing.
Stevenage have signed former Barnet striker Chris Hyde on a two-year deal.
Theatregoers have been given the chance to nominate their favourite plays for this year's Bafta Theatre Awards.
Steven Naismith says he is relishing the prospect of playing for Norwich City under new manager Christian Farke.
Stem cells could be used to restore hearing in people with profound hearing loss, say researchers.
Plans for a multi-million pound development in Oxford have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new National Assembly, the first in the Arab world since the overthrow of President Ben Ali in 2011.
The estate of Johnny Cash is to release a posthumous album featuring previously unreleased recordings, including a duet with Pablo Picasso.
Children who have had an adverse childhood experience are three times more likely to develop ill health later in life, a study suggests.
A former Celtic kit man has appeared in court charged with sexually abusing a boy.
Scotland's only marathon runner has been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale have sacked manager Pedro Ribeiro after just one game in charge of the League One club.
A third of secondary schools in England have had their librarians cut or replaced by support staff or teachers, a teachers' union has said.
Mae gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai wedi marw i'r ffigwr godi eto.
Bournemouth have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players' home addresses were accurate.
The 150th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess has been marked with a festival and mass.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to computer pioneer Alan Turing, 59 years after his death.
US President Barack Obama has visited the home of Bob Marley during a visit to Jamaica.
Oldham Athletic's League One game against Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is hoping to learn a lot from former Masters champion David Lyle when he takes part in next week's Masters.
Middlesex batsman Liam Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
The White House has said it is "going bananas" after a US appeals court blocked President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown.
The Archbishop of Westminster has said the government's decision to bring refugees to the UK directly from Syria will have an unintended consequence.
Human remains have been found in a river in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Wales opened their autumn international campaign with a comfortable win over the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to kill patients at a hospital has been jailed.
A former member of The Smiths has said he had "never pursued any offer" from Morrissey about the band re-forming.
Mark McGhee says he was "delighted" to return to Motherwell after two years at Fir Park.
More needs to be done to protect the world's food supply at key shipping chokepoints, a new report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have been disrupted after a power cut.
A blood test could be used to detect ovarian cancer early, say US researchers.
It's not the way England start their Six Nations campaign.
At least two people have been killed in a gas explosion in New York City, officials say.
Google has unveiled a new Android-powered smartphone.
A new study suggests that large gatherings of people could help to spread the genes that cause antibiotic resistance.
A man has died after being stabbed in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at a primary school in Edinburgh.
British number two Kyle Edmund was knocked out of the Miami Open by Stan Wawrinka in the quarter-finals.
St Johnstone have signed striker Ryan MacLean on a one-year deal.
Twenty years ago, Dolly the sheep was born.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet a paedophile hunter has been jailed for three years.
Kurdish forces have clashed with Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian town of Kobane, near the Turkish border.
Work on a new footbridge in West Sussex has been delayed until next year.
A Poppy Appeal organiser has said he was a "changed man completely" when he arrived at the Auschwitz death camp in World War Two.
A human skull has been found in a field in County Donegal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Manchester United in a pre-season friendly in China.
Energy firm Aggreko has said it expects full year profits to be lower than last year.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute the man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills massacre.
A police appeal to remove a picture of a clown from a school in County Antrim has been met with a backlash on social media.
As Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin sit down to discuss the murder of the Russian ambassador to Turkey, they look at each other.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was badly damaged in a fire in 1956.
In the wake of the EU referendum result, I have been writing about the Welsh political dynamic for a number of months.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwylio Adar yr Ardd yn ddeall beth sy'n digwydd i hoff adar gerddi Cymru yn y gaeaf.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston beat Norwich at Carrow Road.
Two cows have died after being poisoned by fly-tipping in Conwy county, police have said.
Two of the three schools rated inadequate by the education watchdog as part of a hardline Muslim takeover are to lose their funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on a season-long loan deal.
A GP who punched a patient three times in the head has been struck off.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in West Yorkshire.
Spencer Williams has won the cow bell trophy at the BBC's The Jump.
The Lethal Weapon film is to be remade for TV, according to reports.
James Faulkner made his first one-day international century of the season as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets to level the series.
The government has backed a motion to ban four proscribed jihadist groups from entering the UK.
Estonia, a former Soviet state, is one of the world's most prosperous countries.
Councillors in Dumfries are being asked to give their views on plans for a new educational hub in the town.
Cardiff City have sacked manager Russell Slade after just one season in charge.
A former South Yorkshire Police helicopter pilot has been cleared of misconduct in a public office.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's Law Committee has asked for information about the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
The body of Spanish police officer Ignacio Echevarría, who was killed in the London terror attack, is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday.
England's Paul Casey carded a nine-under-par 66 in the first round of the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale.
Filmmaker Sarah Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a new visitor centre on the North Tower of the Humber have been unveiled.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win over Torquay.
Labour is to introduce a policy to allow grandparents to share in 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave.
Australian rower Sarah Tait has died at the age of 31 after a short illness.
A Royal Shakespeare Company play about King Richard III is to be performed at Leicester Cathedral, despite criticism from a conservation group.
A new head of public services in Wales has been appointed.
A Belfast-based aerospace firm has announced it is going into liquidation.
New Zealand stunned France to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time in their history.
The world's smallest satellite, PerúSAT-1, has been launched into space.
Turkey's prime minister has said it is "very right and very timely" to hold a meeting with Nato to discuss the situation in Syria.
West Ham United have been ordered to reveal the details of a deal to rent the Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Alistair Payne has been suspended from racing for two weeks after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side's Europa League exit.
Sri Lanka's prime minister has said the country's mangrove forests have a value of US $2.9 billion.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his side "run out of legs" after their Scottish Cup final defeat by Aberdeen.
More than 724 employers in London have signed up to the voluntary living wage, the mayor's office has announced.
Pamela Geller is one of the most prominent anti-Islam activists in the US.
Former McLaren driver Martin Wurz has been asked to run the Manor Marussia Formula 1 team.
The richest 20% of the population in Latin America earn more than the poorest 20%, according to a new UN survey.
South Korea's An So-yeon won the PGA Championship for the first time in his career with a three-shot victory in Las Vegas.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round by Fola Esch.
Conor McGregor has announced he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) 200 card in Las Vegas.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia in a sprint finish after Tom Dumoulin suffered a back injury.
A door painted with the portrait of a former Whitbread boss has been donated to a museum in Cheltenham.
Boris Johnson has been caught up in a storm of sniping and criticism since he became foreign secretary.
President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general to be the next director of the FBI.
A pair of Victorian beach huts in Devon are to be restored with £1m of government funding.
Russia says it has found no evidence that a Russian jet was shot down in Syria last month.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in the first practice session of the Isle of Man Grand Prix at Creg ny Baa on Wednesday.
Australia's attorney general has rejected an offer of an inducement to resign as president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC).
A Dundee hospital is to become the first in the UK to offer transfusion surgery on identical twin babies.
Olympic gold medallist Katie King says she is considering racing on the road at the Rio Games after being left out of British Cycling's plans for the 2016 Games.
In the wake of the murder of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch, the country has been mourning her death.
The International Holocaust Remembrance Institute (INR) has created a database of the names of more than 100,000 people who worked at the Auschwitz death camp in World War Two.
French martial arts star and Olympic silver medallist Jean-Yves Le Dauphine has revealed how he was racially abused as a child.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to "fight until the end" after their 2-1 defeat at Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died after her car was involved in a crash with a car in Sheffield.
Volunteers searching for a missing Swindon woman have returned to the area where she last saw her.
Northern Ireland's health minister has announced an extra £1m to help tackle the number of children needing autism assessments.
A World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru AMs have said they are "confident" they can form a coalition with Labour next week.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has said Nato is the "worst threat" to the country during the Cold War.
A new species of shrimp has been named after Pink Floyd.
Scientists have developed a glue that is three times stronger than any other medical adhesive.
A GP-run NHS 111 service in Norfolk and Suffolk has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Two British girls who were rescued from a sinking boat in Indonesia have been reunited with their families.
A Rightmove website has advertised for a third party to develop a derelict Denbighshire hospital site.
McLaren's team-mate Ron Dennis has told the BBC that the team are in a "disappointing situation".
More than £10,000 has been stolen from a Cadets base in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration, it has been announced.
The helmsman of a boat which was involved in a collision with a motor tug could not have prevented the collision, a report has found.
Police investigating the death of a woman in County Down have renewed their appeal for information.
A man who admitted stabbing himself in the neck in Swansea has been remanded in custody.
Ricky Malick's film and Ford's adaptation of Die schÃ¶nen Tage von Aranjuez are among the nominees for this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Ugandan opposition leader Peter Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of "baring its bloodied fangs and claws" after his victory in Sunday's presidential election.
Tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a crash involving two cars.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the World Cup were dealt a blow as they were beaten by South Africa at St James' Park.
Spain's banks have been told that they will need 59.3bn euros (Â£56bn) of additional capital in the coming months.
"I'm a tri-citizen," says Johanna Konta.
Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in London and Sheffield in September, according to reports.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the fatal shooting of jewellery dealer Clive Palmer in Essex.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a flat in east London.
In the wake of the terror attack in London, there has been a lot of criticism of the Times and The Sun for failing to do more to tackle far-right material online.
A Sheffield Wednesday fan has told the inquests he was pushed towards the goal in a crush at the Hillsborough disaster.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
Leyton Orient midfielder Lee Cox says he will have to sit out for four months before he can return to the Premier League.
Chelsea defender David Luiz will leave the club at the end of the season to join Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
The government has been accused of favouritism after a report found that Kids Company received more than £42m in government grants over 15 years.
The body of a Bristol man who went missing in Monaco has been found in Monaco, an inquest has heard.
Nico Rosberg says he is determined to extend Lewis Hamilton's lead in the Formula 1 championship after the Spanish Grand Prix.
The father of a missing Alabama boy has been charged with tampering with records to obtain a driver's licence.
The environment minister has said there should be no "stagnancy" in the size of the Welsh forests in public ownership.
The amount of new TV drama being shown on the main TV channels in the UK has fallen, according to Ofcom's review.
Former Police Scotland chief constable John Matheson has said it is "helpful" if people refrain from making comments while the investigation into the death of James Bayoh continues.
The Olympic Torch Relay will take place in three parts of the UK over the next three months.
The founder of Wikileaks has said that he will publish further details of the CIA's cyber-weapons programme.
Ulsan is one of the world's most important shipbuilding towns.
A woman who died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire died from carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
British Cycling's chief executive has told Newsround how to get involved in cycling.
The UK's drug trials are designed to assess the safety and efficacy of new drugs before they are given to people.
Thousands of soldiers in the Army are to lose their jobs as part of government plans to cut the number of reservists.
A group of people with learning disabilities has launched a project which aims to raise awareness of the benefits of the arts.
Nani scored the only goal of the game as the United States came from behind to beat Portugal and reach the last 16 of the World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying within the organisation.
Scientists say they have developed a stem cell-based therapy that can kill brain tumours without killing them.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving.
A pogo fan has broken the world record for the longest time on a pogo stick.
Plans for a new railway stop in Reading have been approved by the council.
Police investigating the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire have said they have "exhausted all lines of inquiry".
England Under-20 international Rachel Mead is targeting a first senior call-up with Sunderland.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A cat has died and two others have been put to sleep in a Denbighshire village.
Wolves striker Christian Afobe has been left out of the DR Congo squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Channel 4 has announced it will switch off its youth channel on election day.
A new film about the miners' strike in the 1980s has opened in Cardiff's West End.
At least 19 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build 1,000 new luxury hotels and resorts in the Red Sea resort of Madain Saleh.
A Citroën dealership has been temporarily closed after a fire broke out.
Fleetwood Town moved up to second in League One with victory over Fleetwood Town.
A UN committee has called for Northern Ireland's education system to be fully integrated.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by careless driving.
The sleeve of The Beatles' most famous album has been placed in the UK's Rare Record Price Guide 2012.
Defending champion Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the third round of the Australian Open.
A powerful earthquake has struck north of the Italian city of Garfagnana.
Hotels in Northern Ireland are set to spend another half a billion pounds over the next five years, according to the industry's trade body.
Two people have been charged with the manslaughter of a three-year-old boy whose body was found in a lake.
Disney is one of the biggest companies in the world of entertainment, and it’s no surprise that they’re a big fan of story-telling.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Championship side Cardiff City have signed Manchester City striker Fernandinho on a season-long loan deal.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has sold at auction in Germany for more than £70,000 (100,000 euros).
A coalition of West Ham supporters has called for a public inquiry into the club's £272m move into the Olympic Stadium.
The first minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week to discuss her options for the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says his side's performance in their World Cup warm-up defeat by France was "phenomenal".
A whale and dolphin conservation expert has said it is "stunning" to see bottlenose dolphins attack harbour porpoise.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will wipe out almost 82% of the workforce within five years if they do not change their attitudes.
A Grade II-listed hall in Manchester has been destroyed in a fire.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Tyrone.
Ukraine's national energy company has blamed a hack and blackout on a substation outside the capital, Kiev, that left more than 200,000 homes without electricity.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame by the Queen at Buckingham Palace.
Fox News has appointed Matt Abernethy and Bill Shine as its new chief executives, replacing Roger Ailes.
India's Supreme Court has ruled that two Italian marines accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen in 2012 should be tried in Italy.
Tributes have been paid to boxing legend Muhammad Ali who has died at the age of 74.
The Metropolitan Police's "ghost squad" is investigating a series of high-profile cases, including allegations of voyeurism and inciting prostitution.
London's mayor has written to the prime minister urging her to give the go-ahead for a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
John Parkinson has been elected as the new MP for St Peter Port North.
Canada has become the first country in the world to resume importing beef from the European Union.
The closure of Brecon Barracks is "abhorrent", an MP has said.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has imposed a ban on social media.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital after suffering a stroke.
A scheme to help black and minority ethnic women in Scotland get into work has been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
The authorities in Brazil's Amazon region of Amazonas say they have recaptured more than 100 inmates who escaped from a jail in Manaus on Saturday.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Shane Williams has left Ospreys to join a Japanese club.
(Close): Shares in mining companies have fallen sharply following a sharp fall in oil prices.
A ticket from North Ayrshire has won a £24.7m Euromillions jackpot.
A man has been arrested in China's Xinjiang region on suspicion of involvement in a bomb attack on a market in Urumqi, state media report.
The discovery of a boy's body in a river in Aberdeenshire leads to a flurry of front pages headlines.
Maxine Peake, Tom Lucas and Elaine Paige are to star in a new BBC One adaptation of Hamlet.
A girl on the autism spectrum has written a letter to the prime minister urging him to replace Big Ben's chimes.
A man's body has been found in woodland in Northamptonshire.
A report into the death of a prisoner in a County Tyrone prison has found there was no possibility of an alternative outcome for him.
Human remains have been found at a cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's highest court has dropped an appeal against a ban on wearing a full-face veil while swearing an oath to become a citizen.
A Japanese island has seen a huge increase in the number of feral cats.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in France.
The leader of the Labour Party is to pledge to increase the allowance paid to carers for the disabled, sick and elderly.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 57-year-old pedestrian was hit by his car.
Pressure is mounting on the European Union following the UK's vote to leave the bloc.
Newport Gwent Dragons secured their first bonus-point win of the season as they beat Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French woman has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering her two children and burying them in a garden.
Clermont Auvergne reached the European Champions Cup quarter-finals for the first time with a bonus-point win over Sale.
The Scottish secretary has said the Scottish government remains committed to the Named Person service.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have appealed for information.
The founder of a messaging app that allows users to send "yo" messages to friends has said it is "taking this very seriously".
It is easy to forget that Scotland is a country of pubs.
A scheme to encourage people to give voluntarily to local businesses in Snowdonia has raised more than Â£3,000 in its first year.
President Donald Trump's former national security adviser has said she is "surprised" and "shocked" by reports that she sought to cover up reports of Russian interference in the US election.
Former MP Peter Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard hit centuries as West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to reach the final of the Women's World Cup.
Ivory Coast manager Gareth Southgate says he is "hopeful" Wilfried Zaha's decision to switch allegiance to England will be approved.
Scottish Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to work with Kezia Dugdale despite claims she could face a challenge from Jeremy Corbyn.
James McManus scored twice as Morton beat Alloa Athletic to move into the Scottish League Two play-off places.
The milk quotas that have been in place for decades have been removed.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned from the board of the National League club following criticism of his conduct.
At least two people have been killed in clashes at a Maruti Suzuki plant in the northern Indian state of Haryana, officials say.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens says relegation from the Six Nations could be introduced in the next couple of years.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint in County Armagh and a shop in Ballygally in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has played the flute at a concert in Germany to mark the start of her summer tour.
Sierra Leone has imposed a curfew on its capital, Freetown, in the wake of the deadly Ebola outbreak.
Britain's Alex Walz won gold in the men's canoe slalom at the European Championships in the Czech Republic.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main power line between Inverness and Culloden.
A Labour MP has stepped down from her post as Parliamentary Private Secretary after posting a graphic showing Israel relocating to the US.
A Pole has been found guilty of plotting to attack the Polish parliament in Krakow in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea's nuclear reactor is working again.
A koala named Bear Grylls has survived a head-first crash in a car grill in Australia.
Leeds United have signed striker Tom Antonsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed Falkirk defender Ryan Leahy on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced.
The German Federal Intelligence Service (BfV) says it has arrested a man suspected of making Islamist statements on the Internet using a false name.
Elections in Hong Kong go to the polls on Sunday, the first since last year's Umbrella Movement protests.
Manchester United moved to the top of the Premier League table with a comfortable win over Manchester United.
French comedian Amedy Coulibaly has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred against Muslims, the justice ministry says.
The Home Office has apologised for a typographical error in its press release announcing a new requirement for Muslim women to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in South Africa.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
The introduction of 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU will leave "very little space" for other legislation, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) says.
Yaya Toure says Manchester City's Raheem Sterling is "too honest" after he was involved in a collision with a Tottenham player in the draw at Etihad Stadium.
Labour could "lose" a "very small number" of MPs if it fails to win back power in Wales, former MP John Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Keshi Solomona is "good enough" for England, says the club's director of rugby Dai Monye.
A report into Police Scotland's new national call handling system has found "key risks" in the force's handling of emergency calls.
Hairdresser Barnardo Howe has died at the age of 87.
A volcano in the Central American nation of Costa Rica has erupted in the first eruption in six years.
Exeter City captain Ben Butterfield says he is looking forward to a "emergency style usage" of himself.
A dog restaurant in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The Scottish government is to invest £20m of additional funding into general practice over the next year.
Author Hilary Mantel has won a crime novel award for her novel Someone Else's Skin.
The parents of a baby with a rare condition have said they were treated like "monsters" by a hospital.
An Australian woman who fled to Israel to face child sex abuse charges has been refused bail.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Mourne, County Antrim.
Supermarket chains such as Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons are selling school uniforms for less than??5 each, a research group has said.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has launched an investigation into the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW PGA Championship in Munich.
The Cassini probe has made its final close-in approach to Saturn.
Hillary Clinton's speech at the Republican National Convention on Thursday was supposed to be an attack on Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president.
Mattel, the maker of Barbie dolls, has been rumoured to be in talks with toy-maker Hasbro.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why octopuses are so popular in Tanzania.
Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire are to be debated by councillors in Northallerton.
Venezuela's army says it has arrested three suspected rebels over an attack on a barracks in August.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Featherstone reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
A coroner has said he is "disappointed" that an inquest into the deaths of two men who were shot dead by Republicans in the Troubles has been delayed.
Children and young people in Birmingham are not getting the help and support they need quickly enough, the city council has said.
Five MPs have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target.
Lord Coe has been accused of showing a "lack of understanding" about the scale of corruption within athletics' governing body.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues has been found a place of care in police custody in Devon.
Vietnam has cancelled a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report due to be presented at a conference in Bangkok.
Archaeologists have excavated the remains of a 17th Century mansion in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Astronomers have released new 'close shave' data of a large asteroid.
A Texas man has pleaded guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Jockey George Gwynne has been discharged from hospital after suffering a brain injury in a race in Switzerland on Saturday.
The new Conservative MP for Cardiff North has said he has been given a telephone extension to help him get on with the job.
It's been a strange week for North Korea.
A man has died after being hit by a car while working on a dual carriageway in Kent.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a collapsed building in New York City.
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been fired after video emerged of him shooting dead a teenager.
Pop star Kylie Minogue has been awarded an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge eased to victory over Cheltenham in League Two.
The former Irish state broadcaster, Trom agus Éadrom, has died.
The Northern Ireland agriculture minister has said she is working with Chinese officials to improve the quality of Northern Ireland food.
Engineers have recreated a key part of Hitler's codebreaking machine using 3D printing technology.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez is "not an option" if the striker returns to the club.
The editor-in-chief of Turkey's main opposition newspaper, Cumhuriyet, has been detained and eight other staff arrested over the failed coup attempt, state media say.
England's Ryan Fitzpatrick is two shots off the lead after the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been tied up by a gang of men during a robbery at a house in Londonderry.
At least 30 people have been killed in New Zealand's earthquake and tsunami, the country's prime minister has said.
The world's first pure silicon wafer has been produced.
St Johnstone midfielder Kieran Stephens says the club can bounce back from their Christmas defeat.
A cat has been caught up in a string of thefts from his neighbours' Christmas decorations.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford beat Castleford to move up to second in Super League.
Dyson has announced plans for a major expansion of its headquarters in Wiltshire.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first goal for Portugal as they beat Cape Verde 2-0 in the first round of the Fifa World Cup.
The government has made a pretty good start to the defence of the Investigatory Powers Bill.
In the middle of the desert between California and San Diego, a huge concrete wall stretches out across the desert.
Glasgow Warriors made it two wins from two in the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Leinster.
Nepal has been gripped by a series of floods and landslides in the past few months, but the authorities say they are still waiting for an early warning from Tibet.
A charity has called on internet service providers to be "up its game" in disclosing hidden costs in their broadband adverts.
Birmingham City moved into the Women's Super League One play-off semi-finals with a comfortable win over Chelsea Ladies.
Scientists say they have developed a new way to kill bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics on farms.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Britain's Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet in Sunday's French Open final at the French Open.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Dundee United striker Lee Goodwillie for an undisclosed fee.
A 12-year-old girl from Northern Ireland has become the youngest ever chess master in the US.
Olympic champion Katie Ledecky won the women's 400m freestyle at the Rio Games with a time of 43.03 seconds.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who went missing in Devon last month.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been in Scotland to campaign for the party's leadership.
Sudan have been ruled out of the Africa Cup of Nations after failing to qualify for the second round.
Jean-Louis Akinde scored twice as Barnet eased to victory at Mansfield.
The creator of the US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that his fictional town is based in the US.
Belfast International Airport's chief executive has urged Enda Kenny to make the island's departure from the European Union a priority.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life.
Three new left-wing mayors in Spain have vowed to change the way the country is governed.
A woman has died after being found with injuries consistent with an assault in West Yorkshire.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% in the three months to December 2014, according to official figures.
A police officer has been found to have a case to answer for misconduct over the death of a woman who was beaten to death by her killer.
It is "only a matter of time" before a Spice-related death is confirmed at a prison, a report has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has called on political forces to "play politics" with the plight of the kidnapped schoolgirls.
A man accused of murdering his landlord with a hammer has told a court he was "angry" about his break up.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll should be included in his 23-man squad for Euro 2016.
A Pembrokeshire town's swimming pool has been saved from closure.
Iraqi Kurdish forces have retaken the town of Qaraqosh from Islamic State militants, officials say.
The partner of one of the victims of the Rotherham power station collapse has said there is still a chance he could still be alive.
The Hippodrome in South Georgia is to be transformed into an arts centre.
Downton Abbey's Bob the Builder is to return for a new series of the children's TV show.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a man shot dead by police on a motorway in West Yorkshire.
Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell and Nottingham Forest midfielder Ryan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore to attend the funerals of those killed in a series of sectarian attacks on churches.
Yorkshire clinched the County Championship title with a seven-wicket win over Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
A new map has revealed just how much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has said it will not accept threats made against a reporter working on a story about a culture secretary's daughter's expenses.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Mark Morris says it was "very proud" to have three full houses for the opening day of the T20 Blast.
Former world champion Mark Fordham says he would love to play at Lakeside Darts Club again.
India's central bank has cut interest rates for the first time in more than two years.
James McClean and Darren Randolph have been named in the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico on 3 June.
Islamic State (IS) militants have claimed they fired a missile at a naval vessel off the coast of Egypt's Sinai peninsula.
Sir Philip Green has been appointed as the government's chief procurement officer.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Toulon Tournament for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over Mexico.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott for this summer's T20 Blast.
Northern Ireland's David McComb has reached the quarter-finals of the European Championships in Ukraine after a unanimous victory over Russia's Vladimir Kharkiv.
If you want to know what pharmacists can do for you, you might want to ask a GP.
At least nine children have been taken to hospital after a slide came loose at a carnival in Dorset.
A 74-year-old woman who tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with Veuve Clicquot champagne has been told she does not want to "be poor" or "be ugly".
A British woman has been chosen to become the first female hedgehog officer in the UK.
Four British soldiers died when their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
Hundreds of people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in the Oromia region of Ethiopia, officials say.
Lancashire were knocked out of the Bill Beaumont Cup by Cornwall at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" has been jailed for eight years.
South Africa's government has cancelled its plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC), the UN says.
A woman died after being hit by a pothole in Newport, a coroner has ruled.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as Newcastle United manager by Rafael Benitez.
The head of HSBC has warned that up to 2,000 jobs could be lost in London if the UK leaves the European Union.
Tributes have been paid to the decision by the High Court to allow abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
A man has been killed by an elephant that escaped from its enclosure at the Heidelberg circus in Germany, police say.
A Moscow-based pollster has been designated as a foreign agent by the Russian justice ministry.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think the Welsh Assembly could be won in the referendum on Brexit.
On Thursday afternoon, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of Barcelona to observe a minute's silence.
Singer Mabel has topped the BBC's Sound Of 2016 list for the first time.
A man has been arrested after a number of rare species of animal were seized in raids.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a lorry driver in Berlin.
A Catholic curate who told children "Father Christmas is not real" has been criticised on social media.
A man has died in a house fire in Kilmacormick, County Antrim.
Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her role in the film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police officers have been jailed for providing false information about a man being investigated for attempted murder.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has called the club to apologise for missing his birthday party.
Celtic reached the Scottish Cup quarter-finals with a dramatic penalty shootout win over Rangers.
The M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads, according to a new report.
Pro-Russia activists have taken over government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of Shakespeare's classic play Stuart in London's West End.
Belgium's king has been accused of using his Christmas message to highlight the country's political crisis.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the England squad for the one-day series against Pakistan in Dubai in March.
The organisers of the Londonderry Fleadh have said they will bid again to host the festival in 2017.
A County Londonderry woodland is being planted to mark the centenary of the end of World War One.
A train stop in Nottingham has been marked with a spelling error which could have been there for up to eight months.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is investigating the case of Ethiopian runner Feyisa, who raised more than $25,000 (Â£18,000) for his anti-government protest at the Rio Games.
The Department of Transport (DRD) ordered a barrier to be removed at the spot where an 18-year-old teenager was knocked down by a van, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
At least 11 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the Chinese city of Kunming, state media report.
Energy firm EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, this time for its dual-fuel customers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Jo Cox looks at the government's decision to spend £9m on leaflets for the EU referendum.
Mae fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghymru.
A custody sergeant accused of killing a man in a custody centre was "not at fault" for his actions, a court has heard.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in oil prices.
Eight puppies have been stolen from a house in Aberdeenshire.
Northern Ireland's fire service has said it is investigating reports of "hate crime" on bonfires.
Celta Vigo have signed former Fulham midfielder Juan Cuadrado on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies are "getting away with simply not providing a service in exchange for the fee", a Cardiff AM has said.
"There is no such thing as a credible allegation of historical child abuse."
Plans for a new spaceport in Kintyre are to be unveiled later.
George is one of the UK's most famous gardeners.
The Liberal Democrats have won North East Fife from the SNP.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the biggest brands in the UK.
A County Antrim knitwear firm has said it has seen a "surge in orders" from home and abroad.
A replica of one of the world's oldest cave art has been unveiled in France.
Manchester City goalkeeper Ellie Turner has been called up to the England squad for the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
A paramedic has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl in a car while he was driving.
Tyson Fury retained his British and Commonwealth light-welterweight titles with a unanimous points victory over Dereck Chisora in London.
Hull KR head coach Neil Peacock says Albert Kelly's future is "up in the air" after the forward was suspended for two games.
The Conservative Party has launched an investigation into the death of a man who was accused of bullying, the party has said.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
The financial state of the NHS in England is to be published after the general election, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
Brentford defender Tom Smith has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
It's not about Nicki Minaj and Madonna.
Canada Post has said it will increase the cost of postage stamps as it tries to save C$1bn (Â£1.3bn) over the next five years.
US President Barack Obama has said Africa is "on the move" as he visited Kenya on his first visit to the country.
For the first time in more than a century, wolves have been roaming the French Alps.
James Corden is to host three episodes of The Late Late Show in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the EU referendum and the migrant crisis.
Barclays has sacked its chief executive, Antony Jenkins, after a row over the size of the bank.
Eight celebrities have been identified in court documents as victims of a data breach at their Los Angeles home last summer.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving after crashing his car into pedestrians.
Jordan's education minister has warned that the number of Syrian refugees arriving in the country could become "extremist".
Millionaire Vijay Mallya, the former boss of India's Diageo drinks firm, has been put up for sale.
The University of Bristol is to carry out a study to see if e-cigarettes are better for blood vessels than traditional cigarettes.
A Gloucestershire school which was placed in special measures by Ofsted has closed.
Hollywood stars including Lady Gaga and Lady Gaga have snapped their fingers to raise awareness of mental health.
A woman has died in a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school head teacher has been jailed for seven years for raping and sexually abusing pupils.
Three whales have been found dead off the Suffolk coast in what scientists believe is a series of coincidental events.
A man who admitted killing his ex-girlfriend has had his jail sentence increased.
Captain Virat Kohli scored a century as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the World Cup for the first time.
Jonathan Demme is one of Hollywood's most prolific directors.
Aaron Cook's bid to compete at the 2012 Olympics has been rejected by the British Olympic Association (BOA).
The Metropolitan Police commissioner has apologised to the family of a man who was killed for working as a police informant.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his partner in a row over an ice cream.
A 16-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has approved plans to set up a midwife-led unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick.
Leeds Rhinos beat St Helens to move within two points of the Super League play-offs.
Kenya's president has said he will not allow the judiciary to interfere in the running of the country's elections.
A major storm has hit the city of Londonderry.
A man accused of murdering a teenage girl has told a court he felt "desperately ignored" by the victim.
Castleford Tigers clinched their first Super League title with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield Trinity.
George Brand has been accused of hypocrisy by the Sun newspaper.
Paul Murray was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April 1975.
More than 100 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a youth camp in the centre of the Norwegian capital, Oslo, officials say.
A man has denied murdering a woman whose remains were found in the Republic of Ireland more than five years ago.
Bromley ended North Ferriby's unbeaten start to the National League season with a 2-1 win.
Sussex have appointed former England batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to strong winds.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 0.5% in the fourth quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Teenagers are better at learning from their experiences than adults, a study suggests.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in the Flathead National Park in the US state of Montana.
Extra police patrols are to be put in place at Tube stations across London to try to tackle anti-social behaviour on the Night Tube.
A former NHS nurse has been jailed for seven years for downloading hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children.
Ireland have qualified for the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 in South Africa.
Plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle have been rejected by the district council.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should " toughen up" his Republic of Ireland players, says captain Michael Keane.
Two men have gone on trial accused of murdering their ex-girlfriend.
Lufthansa has announced plans to charge customers for using its own travel price comparison sites.
Warrenpoint Town have challenged the Irish Football Association's decision not to sanction Carrick Rangers in the first leg of their promotion play-off.
Scientists have discovered a way to predict how long we will live.
The Mexican government has increased the prison sentence for kidnappers who kill their victims.
A doctor who removed a woman's breathing tube too soon after she suffered a haemorrhage has been cleared of gross negligence manslaughter.
A court in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Bauchi has sentenced four Muslim men to life in prison for homosexual offences.
Russia's anti-doping chief Vitaly Mutko has said it is "high time for them to retire".
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor in Kampala.
The governor of Indiana has said he would veto a controversial religious freedom law.
Shaky Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales.
Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man has said there is "no legal grounds" for Fifa to pull the 2018 and 2022 World Cups from Russia or Qatar.
A man who fled to the UK after being arrested on suspicion of murdering two brothers has been jailed for eight years.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision to wear poppies on their armbands on Armistice Day.
A collection of diving helmets has sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
Bristol City have signed Preston North End striker Ryan Brownhill on a season-long loan deal.
GPs in North Yorkshire and Humber have been told they may be "allowed to fail" by the NHS.
Former Liverpool and Llanelli player-manager Dougie Wallace has died at the age of 71.
Human trafficking is serious and organised crime with those involved likely to be involved in other serious crimes, police have said.
The London Underground has opened its doors to the public for the first time since World War Two.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has said he wants to "win something" for the club.
Uganda Aluko has accused England manager Mark Sampson of a "culture of bullying and harassment", the Football Association has said.
The number of self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales has reached a 10-year high, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to announce his squad for Euro 2016 later this month.
Two people have been arrested after a gun was fired at a house in Cardiff city centre.
Northampton Saints scrum-half Tom Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if he is to play for England in the Six Nations.
Five-time champion Ding Junhui has been knocked out of the UK Championship in the first round by world number one Mark Duffy.
A free school breakfast scheme for children in Blackpool has been found to be a success.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country is to retire at the end of the year.
National League side Moors have signed Rushall on a season-long loan deal.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a forest in Denbighshire is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
I was a child in Orkney in the 1980s and on New Year's Eve I went out with the big boys.
The Hong Kong government has proposed a new system for border clearance between Hong Kong and China.
Australia is to send 30 more troops to Afghanistan to help train Afghan security forces.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Head teachers have accused the government of "turning back the clock to the 1850s" and saying children are being taught by less-qualified teachers.
Royal Mail is considering industrial action over proposed changes to its pension plan, the Communications Workers Union (CWU) has said.
Jersey Warriors centre Tom Stevens says the club are "on the right road" for winning the British and Irish Cup.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned aircraft has taken to the skies.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest chipmaker, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Two people have been rescued from a fire in a lounge in Kent.
China has executed four Uighur men in Xinjiang, state media report, accusing them of carrying out a terrorist attack.
A council-run leisure centre has reopened to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
The compensation process for mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) is becoming a "lottery", according to a personal finance expert.
Have you ever wondered what happens when you pee?
Facebook has released a map of the world's population, which it says is the most detailed yet.
Warrington Wolves beat Widnes Vikings to win the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a woman squeezing a cyclist's buttocks.
Kai has been living in a refugee camp in South Sudan for more than a year.
A police car has been damaged in an attack by a man who threw a brick at it in Londonderry.
Emma Stone has been speaking to the BBC about her experiences as a woman.
There are too many passengers that do not get the level of reliability they have a right to expect, according to a regulator.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time with a 1-0 win over Morocco in Gabon.
Three Warwickshire police officers have been cleared of misconduct over claims they called MP Keith Mitchell a "pleb".
A man who died after being hit by a car in south London may have been stabbed, police have said.
A group of men and women from around the world are taking part in a contest to find the world's best moustache.
China has accused Zambia of arresting more than 100 people suspected of illegally mining copper in the north-eastern country.
Two Kilcoo players have been suspended by the Ulster GAA for alleged racism.
Nick Kyrgios "doesn't understand what it takes to be someone who wins Grand Slams", says former world number one John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he was "honoured" by Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto's invitation to visit the US.
One of the most widely prescribed treatments for type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man has died after being attacked by two men in a "targeted attack" outside a supermarket in Rhyl.
Huddersfield Giants have signed former Leeds Rhinos players Matt Bailey, Ben Cox and Tom Dodds.
A car has crashed into a building in Edinburgh after police failed to stop for it in the city centre.
Coventry City have signed Sunderland striker Fabio Giaccherini on a season-long loan deal.
Archaeologists have uncovered "unprecedented" finds at a medieval castle.
The former editor of the Sun, John MacKenzie, has apologised for describing a Liverpool footballer as a mixed-race man.
Torquay United have agreed a deal to sell the club to property developer GI Group for an undisclosed sum.
Police in England and Wales are failing to provide appropriate adults for more than half of detentions involving mentally vulnerable people, a report has found.
Here is a full list of players who have made their professional debuts this season.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored twice as Manchester United came from behind to beat Leicester at Old Trafford.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence, the Daily Telegraph reports.
The UK will continue to enjoy the same rights as EU citizens after Brexit, the EU's prime minister has said.
The leader of a cell linked to the Barcelona and Cambrils terror attacks has told a court in Madrid that plans for a series of attacks were scaled back.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow in Wrexham has told a court he was "frightened" by the attack.
A man has absconded from a prison in North Yorkshire.
Rory McIlroy says he is "definitely fine" to play at the US PGA Championship in Wisconsin on Thursday.
David Lammy has said he is considering whether to enter the Labour Party leadership contest.
The chief executive of the South Devon NHS Foundation Trust has pleaded guilty to defrauding the NHS out of £11,000.
Google has launched a new service that allows it to measure the impact of online ad campaigns across devices and cross-channel.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a woman was sexually assaulted in Edinburgh.
The population of the UK grew by more than expected in 2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away for the first time in five years in the FA Cup qualifying round.
Plans for a £200m bridge over the River Thames in central London have been shelved because "value for money for the taxpayer has not been secured", a parliamentary review has found.
A major road in south-east London has been closed after a burst water main.
The News Letter's front page is dominated by the story of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The husband of a dentist who took her own life has said the last few days have been the worst of his life.
A Dallas police officer has been charged with the murder of a teenager who was shot dead by officers responding to a report of underage drinking.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been criticised for saying that Bangladesh has zero tolerance for terrorism.
Simon Pitcher has set his sights on breaking the world record for the longest trans-Atlantic solo rowing.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal came from behind to beat Sweden in the first leg of their Euro 2016 semi-final.
Five British men arrested in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The Afghan government says it has recaptured control of a key district in Helmand province from the Taliban.
Football has been a huge part of the lives of British prisoners of war during World War Two, but it has also played a role in their survival.
Glastonbury is set to be the world's biggest music festival.
More than 150 people have been rescued from a fire at a hotel in Glasgow city centre.
Ghana and Ivory Coast have been told to stop oil drilling in the disputed area of the Black Sea.
More than 100 lorry drivers were caught using their mobile phones while driving in England and Wales last year, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans treated a woman with a "callous, self-centred indifference", a judge has said.
Full-back Stuart Hogg's exit from the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand was a disappointing one.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that beavers have been found on a river in Tayside.
Two men have been rescued from the roof of a prison cell in Bridgend.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the club after only eight games in charge.
A former chief executive of a children's charity has been accused of bullying and bullying.
More than 1,000 solar panels are to be installed on homes in Kirklees in a bid to reduce fuel poverty.
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association for failing to capitalise on Britain's Davis Cup success.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" in his first game in charge of the League Two club, says manager Keith Richards.
Britain's Adam Rutherford has apologised to his parents after failing to qualify for the World Long Jump Championships in London.
The Hillsborough disaster "remains of great public importance", Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
A pony has been found "deliberately dumped and left to die" in a remote Aberdeenshire village, the RSPCA has said.
The UK is to take in unaccompanied child refugees from Syria and other countries before 20 March, the government has announced.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said the BBC is biased against beards.
Dance act The Rolling Stones have topped the UK album chart with their second album, The Bodyguard.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of reforms aimed at reviving the country's economy.
The six remaining hosts of the Women's Cricket Super League have been announced.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than a third in the past three years.
Tens of thousands of migrants are still missing after two boats capsized off Libya, US President Barack Obama has said.
A ceasefire in Syria has been going on for more than a week.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised ex-footballer Andy Woodward for his bravery after he revealed he was sexually abused as a child.
Plans for major redevelopment of Dundee's waterfront have been given the go-ahead.
Ulster have appointed Steve Clarke as their new forwards coach.
Leeds Rhinos hooker James Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Bubba Watson has been named as the new captain of the United States team for the Ryder Cup, says Davis Love III.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "pray and hope" that Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg will not be banned from racing for the rest of the season.
DNA has been matched to the remains of 10 soldiers who died in World War One, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Two goals from Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov helped Ukraine reach the Euro 2016 play-offs with a comfortable win over Slovenia.
Ospreys head coach Jonathan Rees says his side were "devastated" by their 26-17 defeat by Exeter in the European Champions Cup.
A major stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has reopened.
The Football Association's Match of the Day celebrations have been taking place in London.
Serena Williams has said she does not deserve to be paid less because of her sex.
Children and young people are "teetering on the brink" of serious mental illness, according to a new report.
An Israeli man suspected of carrying out a series of attacks in Tel Aviv last month has been shot dead, police say.
A man who stabbed a man in the head with a knife has been jailed for six years.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her ex-boyfriend has been released on bail after raising more than $4m (Â£3.5m) in donations.
The number of nursery staff in England completing a GCSE exam has fallen by more than 30%, according to new figures.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the central bank is "close to" raising interest rates this year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power reported a fall in full-year profits.
When I first met a fake girlfriend, I didn't expect it to be anything more than a joke.
A black teenager has won the first Black History Month award in Wales.
A 16-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Joe Root has been named England's new captain, replacing Alastair Cook.
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting to condemn a police training exercise in which a fake suicide bomber was mistaken for a Muslim.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has been given the chance to give back to a theatre in Peckham.
Dundee moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable win over Ross County.
MPs have clashed over the government's handling of the pension crisis.
A Ceredigion university is to receive £1.5m in lottery funding to help it turn a Grade I listed building into a cultural centre.
Institute Football Club's home ground in Drumahoe, County Londonderry, has been damaged by flooding on Tuesday.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter David Fletcher as their new chief executive.
Germany has opened its borders to asylum seekers for the first time in more than a decade.
The impact of climate change on the Indian monsoon is being investigated by scientists.
Kenyan medical staff have stopped working for the first time in more than a year amid a nationwide strike over pay.
Three US marines have been killed in a helicopter crash off the coast of Australia, the US military has said.
An escaped corn snake has been rescued from a park in Londonderry.
The first of eight Type 26 anti-submarine frigates is to be built on the Clyde, the defence secretary has said.
At least four people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The Prince of Wales has led a Royal goat parade in Conwy county.
More than 100 Indian nurses who were trapped in Iraq for more than a week have been freed by Islamic State militants, officials say.
Striker James Anderson says he is "not bothered" by claims that he was punched by Rangers midfielder Kiernan.
Huddersfield Town manager Danny Sweet says the club's promotion to League Two is the "beginning of a resurgence".
Livingston came from behind to draw with Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man has been unveiled.
Chipotle Mexican Grill has been linked to an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials say.
A teenage girl in Chicago has been filmed being sexually assaulted by a group of children, according to her mother.
When Tsai Ing-wen was elected leader of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), she was widely expected to be a staunch defender of Taiwan's sovereignty.
British number one Andy Murray and British number one James Ward will meet in the last 32 of the Nottingham Open on Saturday.
Chancellor George Osborne will be a "disgrace" if he pulls the plug on the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, an MP has said.
The RSPCA has reported a fall in the number of animal cruelty cases in Wales.
Formula 1 has returned to the track for the first time in more than a decade.
No-one has been injured after a suspicious package was found on a coach on the M6 toll road in Staffordshire.
Four London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against the government's decision to build a third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Torrential rain and high winds have caused flooding in parts of Germany and Sweden, with temperatures falling to -41.7C in some areas.
The bodies of five French Resistance fighters have been interred at the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
A 75-year-old woman has been seriously injured in an assault at her home in East Kilbride.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead going into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Plans to allow gay and bisexual men to be pardoned in Northern Ireland have been given the go-ahead.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been banned from teaching.
A motoring festival in Coventry has been cancelled because of funding cuts.
Police are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor reached the PDC World Championship semi-finals for the first time with a 6-6 win over Peter Wright.
It is not every day that a toilet is installed in a town centre or in a shopping centre.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants, according to a pro-government group.
There is a culture of inequality between vocational and academic routes to work, the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee says.
Google and other search engines in China have joined forces to crack down on phishing attacks.
Video replays could soon be used in United States football.
Zambia and South Africa have been drawn in the same group for the Under-20 World Cup.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something happening in the news, you might want to talk to your friends or family about it.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week.
Venezuela has deployed 17,000 troops to the border with Colombia to try to stop the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland's media sector is dominated by TV and radio.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open.
Plans for a new supermarket in Merthyr Tydfil have been given the go-ahead by the town's council.
Wales Under-18 batsman James Botham has made his international debut for the first time.
Britain's Michael Matthews won stage seven of the Tour de France as Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
If you have been sexually abused by Jimmy Savile, you may need to report it to police.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they have begun the process of pulling out heavy weapons from the line of contact.
Royal Mail has warned that the postal service is not currently under threat, despite a rise in parcel deliveries.
Daniel Radcliffe has said he is "one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Five Russian women wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the Order of Courage by the Kremlin for their bravery in the conflict.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to be "full-strength" when they face New Zealand in Dublin on Saturday.
The director general of the Philippine National Police, Rodolfo Palomino, has been placed under formal investigation, his office has said.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid to extend their lead at the top of the table.
British number one Johanna Konta has had her Fed Cup play-off tie against Romania suspended for "serious misconduct".
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the BBC Sports Personality of the Year list for the first time.
Leyton Orient have signed left-back James O'Neill on a one-month loan deal from League Two side Mansfield Town.
At least 19 people have been killed in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, police say.
A teenage girl has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson after meeting him in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash in the United States on Sunday.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a two-car crash in Ceredigion.
Belfast boxer James Barnes has won his first professional title with a points win over Bulgarian Alexander Slavchev in the Republic of Ireland.
Theresa May has said she is "confident" Donald Trump will sign a formal trade deal with the UK.
The UK economy is not in recession, according to official figures.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online resource to help schools tackle the attainment gap between the most and least disadvantaged children.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over its refusal to return the Parthenon Marbles.
Social security spending has been cut by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a think tank.
Albania secured their place in the Euro 2016 play-offs with a comfortable win over Armenia.
Councils across Scotland are to review the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Striker Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford beat Newcastle to move off the bottom of the Premier League.
Plans for a major redevelopment of a Pembrokeshire pub have been approved by councillors.
A former Russian opposition politician, Mikhail Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his home in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, officials say.
Nicolas Sarkozy was a "fake tough guy submerged in a permanent state of emotional dependency", according to his former adviser.
Wrexham are in talks with Plymouth Argyle over the signing of striker James Harvey.
A room dedicated to the Duke of Wellington has been recreated as part of a new exhibition at Walmer Castle.
People who spend time in aquariums are more likely to feel happier if they are surrounded by more biodiversity, a study suggests.
Easyjet is developing drones that can be fitted with lasers to help fly more efficiently, efficiently and safely.
The new trailer for James Bond: Spectre has been released.
PepsiCo is to close its Walkers crisps factory in East Durham by the end of December.
A new music studio has opened in the centre of Glasgow.
Russian authorities have visited dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Moscow.
The swine flu vaccine Pandemrix may be linked to narcolepsy, according to a new study.
US universities have been placed in the top 20 of the world's best universities for the first time, according to a new report.
Two giant dragons have arrived at Caernarfon Castle to celebrate St David's Day.
A bank manager who embezzled thousands of pounds from clients has been given a payback order.
Australia's prime minister has called for a ban on vaccinating children in childcare centres.
Oscar Pérez, the Venezuelan forensic police officer who carried out a deadly attack on a court in Caracas on Tuesday, has been described as a self-styled action man.
The SNP is to chair two select committees in the UK Parliament.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the fungus that causes ash die-back in East Anglia.
It's almost time for the final presidential debate.
San Francisco's most expensive residential street has been sold at auction for defaulting on a $944 tax debt.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton eased to victory over Gateshead in the National League.
Two climbers have been reported missing on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Skiing Federation has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for two games after being sent off in Saturday's Serie A defeat by Juventus.
Smoking is one of the most dangerous and dangerous forms of smoking in the UK.
Bracknell Forest forensic hospital in west London is to ask patients for their views on its services.
Minimum drink prices in England and Wales should be scrapped, peers have said.
Plans for a £1bn surfing lagoon in north Wales have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Corey Kluber struck out seven as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-1 to win the World Series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was "miserable" at the Barcelona Grand Prix after his tyres were not ready for a pit stop.
Supporters of Brighton & Hove Albion have called for the club to be fined after homophobic chanting by their fans.
Police are investigating reports that a bonfire in Belfast has been set alight.
Donald Trump is too good for the Republican Party.
Karen Purve-Jorendal was born in India in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who was jailed for 20 years after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia is to be moved to a secure prison.
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education for mid and south Powys have been approved by councillors.
Tom DeLonge has said he has left Blink 182.
A woman has been rescued from a hole in a tyre at a play park in Northamptonshire.
Manchester United midfielder Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean", says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye has apologised for allowing cultish rituals to be held in the presidential palace.
A 21-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car.
A campaign has been launched to get Parliament to debate the death penalty.
A three-year-old boy has died after being hit by a farm machinery in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been jailed for four years for shooting dead his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.
The owners ofunsfold Park in Waverley have lost a High Court bid to overturn planning permission for unrestricted flying of aircraft.
Oxford United have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup second-round tie against Newcastle United, with midfielder Michael Appleton returning to the starting line-up.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to buy a stake in China's biggest e-commerce site, JD.com.
There will be a rebellion against the Welsh government over plans to devolve tax carrying competence to the assembly, the first minister has said.
UKIP has set out a plan to appoint a dedicated veterans' minister to oversee the UK's defence spending.
The stars of Game of Thrones have died.
The government is to cut subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC understands.
A service is being held to mark the centenary of the deaths of 11 soldiers who served in World War One.
Great Britain's Jamie Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the semi-finals of the men's badminton at the Rio Olympics.
It has been a week of drama for London Underground.
Coventry City fans have been warned to stay away from the pitch after a number of anti-social and illegal acts during their League One defeat by Crawley.
China has said it is "firmly committed" to the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions between the two countries.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a £500,000 donation to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
A Staffordshire air ambulance volunteer who was photographed rescuing victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash has been honoured by David Beckham.
The Northern Ireland High Court has ruled that Environment Minister Michael Durkan breached his legal duties in approving a planning blueprint for Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Barnsley.
Hartlepool United's new manager David Hignett says the club are "more than capable of beating teams in this league".
George Cole, who was best known for his role as Arthur Daley in the 1950s horror film Minder, has died at the age of 89.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, following the Bank of England's decision not to raise interest rates.
More than 36,000 firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
The government has promised to bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it.
Colombia has arrested two people for allegedly trying to sabotage peace talks between the government and the Farc rebel group.
The Football Association has appointed a new director of girls and women's football.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been named in Manchester United's Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been threatened with a box of money during a robbery at a bank in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has dumped the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, saying it was a "great thing for the American worker".
The funeral of a couple killed in the Tunisia terror attack has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear dating back to 1891 are expected to fetch up to several thousand pounds at auction.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson has criticised the referee for not booking a player who was involved in a controversial tackle on West Ham United's Jack Appiah.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders has said he is running out of clean clothes for the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
Mark Wilson said his record-breaking run of five consecutive tons was the "best match I've ever played" as he reached the quarter-finals of the German Open.
More than half of the products sold in the UK are getting smaller, according to a consumer group.
The remains of a baby girl whose remains were found in a bag at a nature reserve 12 months ago have been identified.
Britain's Chris Froome was beaten by Jarlinson Pantano on stage 15 of the Tour de France.
The government has confirmed most of its preferred route for the HS2 high-speed railway between London and Manchester.
Chesterfield came from behind to beat Barnsley and move up to second in League One.
French energy giant EDF has said it expects to give the go-ahead for the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset in July.
A fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the violence at the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman has been barred from flying to the US because her nationality prevents her from travelling.
Schools in Wales are not giving enough support to able and talented pupils, an education watchdog has said.
A teenager who bit off half of a man's ear has been jailed for six years.
A senior Australian doctor has told the BBC he was asked to delete information about mental health problems in detention centres.
Neil Gaiman's The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named Book of the Year by the National Book Awards.
Who knows a thing or two about baking?
The Christie Hospital in Withington is being investigated by the UK's regulatory watchdog.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of a mollusc that lived 520 million years ago.
The Sunday Times is to move out of its premises in Londonderry.
The parents of three SAS reservists who died on a selection march in Powys have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has ruled out legal action against the army over their deaths.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen from a farm and driven in to a dead end.
Lord Elis-Thomas has said there is a "serious constitutional challenge" facing Wales after the resignation of Plaid Cymru leader Carwyn Jones.
In the wake of Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election, a number of businesses have been looking for new ways to connect with people.
International human rights group Amnesty International has accused politicians of "shamelessly legitimizing all sorts of hateful rhetoric based on people's identity".
There has been a lot of talk about junior doctors' strike action in England.
Bath have held talks with Racing 92 about signing Wales lock Luke Charteris.
Some of the notebooks and diaries of World War One poet Edward Thomas have been given conservation work by a conservation trust.
Matt Machan hit his first first-class century of the season as Sussex fought back against Worcestershire at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi says Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola could make a "big revolution" in English football.
More than 1,000 patients have been delayed in hospital in Scotland in the last three months, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels will face "severe punishment" if they attempt to attack trains, India's railways minister has said.
Cambridge is being asked to knit miniature bicycle pullovers for the Tour de France as part of a bid to promote the city's cultural heritage.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged assault in Londonderry.
Tunisia's tourism industry is under serious threat, with tens of thousands of tourists heading for the capital, Tunis.
A Florida man has been charged with arson after a fire at a mosque that killed 49 people last weekend.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has asked hillwalkers to help clean up the bothies in the Cairngorms.
Catalans Dragons moved into the Super League play-off places with a hard-fought win over Wakefield.
Gloucester hooker Mark Atkinson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Former England striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, his family has confirmed.
Celtic maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
Raith Rovers moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders Montrose with a comfortable win.
Championship side Burnley have signed Burnley midfielder Josh Jones on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £20,000 from a fraudulent account.
League One side MK Dons have signed Bradford City striker Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to cut off cash transfers to Mexico if he wins the state of Wisconsin.
A Conservative AM has been de-selected for the party's new list of 60 AMs in South Wales East.
Bairns manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish manager of the season award.
A celebrity who wants to publish an account of his alleged extra-marital activities to the Sun on Sunday has been given more time to apply for a permanent injunction.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has come under fire for his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a potential buyer for the Championship club.
The head of a lion shot dead in Zimbabwe is to be mounted in a glass case in the country's Hwange National Park as a memorial, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Nicky Ajose's late penalty earned Charlton a point at Gillingham.
The government is to cut child benefit by 1% from next year, the government has announced.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as their new loan player manager.
Children's football matches have been cancelled after a caravan parked next to the changing rooms of a playing fields.
The Eiffel Tower and the Bataclan concert hall in Paris have reopened as part of a national mourning period following the Paris attacks.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup by the Organising Committee.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 to help Middlesex beat Glamorgan by six wickets at Lord's in the One-Day Cup.
The chief executive of a hospital that was rated inadequate by the health watchdog has said he is "not ashamed" of himself.
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Londonderry.
The number of dogs seized by police in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
Heather Rabbatts has resigned as chairman of the Football Association after five years in the role.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest one-day international century of his career as England beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the final match of the three-match series.
Two people have been arrested after a man and his wife were killed in a crash with two cyclists.
The founder of a tyre-fitting company, which was founded by a former Kwik-Fit customer, has been bought by Michelin, the world's biggest tyre distributor.
A report on the future of national parks in Wales has been criticised by conservationists.
Surrey all-rounder Danny Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Google has unveiled virtual buttons at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A group of fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
Poland's centre-right Civic Platform party has won parliamentary elections.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged.
A man's death could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Salford Red Devils prop Matt Garbutt has been banned for two games after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Wakefield Trinity.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater for a 22-year-old man who went missing after his yacht was found in the Atlantic.
Falkirk Council has pledged £30m to help fund a £150m fund to invest in social housing.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent dominated the second day against Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Mathew Nyaungwa looks at the life of a diamond miner.
The Northern line extension to Battersea has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Cross-border rail services between Wales and England could be placed into other franchises, the transport secretary has said.
Tim Peake and his team at the International Space Station have found a hidden Space Invaders game.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun and bomb attack on a hotel popular with tourists in Burkina Faso.
A 55-year-old man has died in a crash with a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who was jailed for 15 years in Pakistan for trying to enter the country without valid travel documents has returned home.
Security software firm mSpy has admitted that up to 80,000 customers' personal data has been leaked.
A farmer has called on Twitter to do more to tackle the abuse he receives from the site.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has asked Fifa to investigate allegations of bribery and corruption at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
McLaren chief executive Ron Dennis is set to step down at the end of the season, BBC Sport understands.
A Spanish newspaper has published documents that it says show former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
Two migrants have been killed trying to cross the Channel from Calais to the UK.
Birmingham's Mohamed Yafai retained his IBF super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over fellow Briton Dafydd O'Dowd.
A Hampshire country park has been forced to change its opening hours after a campaign against the closure.
A Sinn Féin MLA has apologised for a tweet about a former Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) MP.
Pakistan's intelligence agency says it is "an embarrassment" that it failed to capture the compound of Osama Bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda.
A teenager who posted weaponised drone videos on YouTube is taking legal action against the university he was expelled from.
London's Elephant and Castle junction has been closed to traffic for the first time in more than a decade as part of a £25m road transformation.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the one-day series at Lord's.
Asian shares have fallen sharply following a sharp sell-off on Wall Street.
Iran's moderate and reformist parties have won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha's signing of Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for the Ibrox outfit, according to former Scotland defender Mick McCarthy.
Mae Gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed am gartref Hedd Wyn yn Nhrawsfynydd.
A man has died after being hit by a car at the Eastern Centre Championship.
More than 800,000 pharmacists in India are going on strike in a dispute over online drug sales.
Donald Trump's endorsement of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate has been met with mixed reactions.
A restorationist has been left "devastated" after his garden was flooded by torrential rain.
When Nick Griffin was expelled from the British National Party (BNP), what did he do?
A new programme aimed at helping children cope with the stress of moving from primary to secondary school has been launched.
Three sheep painted on a street in Wrexham have been found safe and well.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a new deal for Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
A former partner of the Northern Ireland property lender Nama has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in connection with the Nama deal.
League One side Doncaster Rovers have signed Aston Villa defender Suliman on a season-long loan deal.
It's not every day that MPs get the chance to propose a bill in the House of Commons.
The US state department has said it will release funds to Iran as part of a deal aimed at curbing its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 71-60 by the Netherlands in a warm-up match in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled a new polymer £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the fatal shootings of two police officers in Dallas, Texas.
A snake has died on a flight from Australia to Papua New Guinea after being trapped in the wing of a plane.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy Business Insider for an undisclosed sum.
Families in Warrington are being offered free travel to a leisure centre to encourage them to take up swimming.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 new Earth-sized exoplanets.
The DSPCA has launched an investigation after a group of puppies were smuggled into the Republic of Ireland in a "cash bonanza".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said the government should stop giving out-of-work benefits to migrants from Eastern Europe.
Durham University has said it is planning to demolish a Grade II listed building in the city.
A stone monument in the Cotswolds has been awarded a Dark Sky Discovery award.
A body has been found in the River Thames in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop powered to victory in the first practice session of the Ulster Grand Prix on Friday.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report has said.
ScotRail has said it will continue to run fewer trains on Sundays, despite a dispute with union Aslef.
Hungary will not backtrack on controversial higher education laws, Prime Minister Viktor Szijjarto has said.
When you see Jesus, the homeless, in the street outside St Patrick's Church in Belfast, it is easy to see why.
A security flaw in Topps' payment card systems has exposed the details of customers' credit and debit card numbers, the company has said.
India reached a 300-plus target in the second Test against South Africa in Mumbai to take a 3-0 lead in the series.
The number of motorists caught using mobile phones in Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked at a community farm in Monmouthshire.
Council-owned cemeteries in Oxfordshire have been told they will not be able to reopen until they have more burial space.
Singer Chris Brown has been shot in the head at a party in California.
The US Air Force has revived a deal to sell combat-ready aircraft to Nigeria, despite concerns over human rights concerns, US media report.
MPs have rejected a proposal to change the law on sex selective abortion in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans for 4,000 new homes in a Surrey district have been given the go-ahead.
Food security around the world is at risk because of the impact of climate change, the UN's food agency has warned.
A man who defrauded theatre companies out of more than £100,000 has been jailed for three years.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he is unsure whether captain John Terry will continue to play for the club.
Gavin Robinson has said he takes it pretty ill for those who suggest that Northern Ireland will descend into violence if the UK leaves the European Union.
Afghanistan's former chief of police, Gen Zahir Zaheer, has been replaced by a new chief of counter crime, officials say.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are expected to be alive by age 100, according to official figures.
Some butterflies could be wiped out in the UK as a result of global warming, a study suggests.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in Dumfries and Galloway, police have said.
A Cardiff-based software firm is to create 300 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Catherine Zeta-Jones looks at some of the issues facing Africa this year.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man.
A father and son have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham has been named the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to official figures.
Tony Ball is to be announced as the winner of this year's Olivier Awards.
A tree is to be planted to mark the three hundredth anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The family of a couple who died in a plane crash in New Zealand have paid tribute to them.
The number of businesses going into administration in Scotland has fallen, according to restructuring firm KPMG.
Monaghan, Clones and Fermanagh have all made changes to their squad for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A police officer who gave information to a drug dealer he met at a gym has been jailed for three years.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his landlord in a microwave oven.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Newsnight looks at some of the most controversial views on Islam.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well, his family has said.
Patient safety in the NHS 111 phone line in Oxfordshire will be "stabilised" due to performance issues, a report has said.
Mansfield striker Chris Green says he was "dismayed" by his departure from the club at the end of the season.
GB Taekwondo has been criticised by UK Sport for failing to investigate claims of poor training practices.
David Lloyd hit a career-best century as Glamorgan held Sussex to a draw in the first one-day international in Cardiff.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who stole more than £33,000 from his victims has been given a suspended jail term.
Jamaica's drug testing programme is "not good", a senior anti-doping officer has said.
Antonio Conte has been appointed Italy coach on a two-year deal.
Shrewsbury Town kept their League One play-off hopes alive with a comfortable win over Blackpool.
The story of the UK's exit from the European Union is one of the most important in the country's history.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos to a military cemetery in Manila.
Four people have been arrested after police found suspected slavery victims in a series of raids across the West Midlands.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has doubled in the past week.
A woman has been reunited with her old bike after it was stolen from a supermarket.
The father of one of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow has said he cannot keep shouting at the moon for the rest of his life.
Mario Balotelli says he will leave the pitch if he is subjected to racist abuse by AC Milan fans.
Two teenagers who had to have a leg amputated after a rollercoaster crash in Staffordshire are to attend a charity event.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has been voted the greatest film of all time by a film magazine.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in New York, has been captured in the US state of New York.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
Coca-Cola has reported a fall in profits for the first quarter of the year, as sales of its branded drinks fell.
A fishing community in Cambodia has seen a dramatic rise in the price of shrimp, thanks to a growing number of tourists visiting the area.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about the implications of the attacks.
A collection of historic instruments has been donated to a young Syrian musician living as a refugee.
A man has appeared in court following an investigation into the sale of drugs in West Lothian.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says finishing top of their Euro 2016 group is a "fantastic feeling".
The number of teachers in northern Scotland has fallen sharply in recent years.
Oscar-winning actor George Clooney has been greeted with flowers and a card at a care home.
The cause of a sinkhole which closed a road for more than a year has been identified.
Everton have signed Leicester City director of football Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jon Walters has been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Belgium on Tuesday because of a hamstring injury.
Saracens flanker Owen Farrell has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postie who found a parcel in his doormat has said he was "really sorry" it might have fallen down the toilet.
Roarie Deacon and Matt Tubbs scored late goals as Sutton United beat Cheltenham to reach the third round of the FA Cup.
A portrait by Gareth Iwan Jones is to be published in June by Frances Lincoln.
A former Royal Marine has said allegations of abuse against UK soldiers in Iraq were "of the highest order".
The former governor of Nigeria's Delta state, Ikechukwu Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in London.
A "hands-on" job is being offered at a seaside hotel in Pembrokeshire.
Scotland full-back Tim Visser says his side will be "half-hearted" when they face South Africa in their opening match of the World Cup.
More than 1,000 people have attended a protest in support of a mother who breastfed in public for the first time.
Fleetwood reached the EFL Cup second round for the first time in their history with a 4-1 win over Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has won a legal challenge against the current abortion law.
It's that time of year again when you think of a blue plaque.
More than 100 doctors have signed a letter criticising the government's approach to the NHS in England.
The Mexican government has announced that it will begin delivering food to thousands of people who have been blocking roads in the north-eastern state of Oaxaca.
A powerful earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not resign from the government.
A £10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the killer of Caroline McKeich.
Italy reached the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 for the first time in their history thanks to goals from Fabio Giaccherini and Pelle.
Rory McIlroy moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Race to Dubai Championship at Royal Birkdale.
Olympic gold medallist Adam Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after the body of a former Conservative MP was mistakenly sent to a mortuary with the surname of a politician.
Plans to create 15 new jobs in Cambridge have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Mark Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's quad singles final for the first time with victory in the semi-finals in Melbourne.
Heavy snow has fallen across parts of the UK, causing travel disruption and disruption.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of "a feeble public relations effort" to undermine its work.
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium could host a world heavyweight title fight between Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko, says chief executive Peter Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to "change the mentality" after their first win of the season.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Ryan Weston following his release by Wycombe Wanderers.
Retailer BHS is to open a new online shop in the UK, replacing its former online shop, the company has announced.
When Joba Rani took out her first microfinance loan after her crops were destroyed by the recent floods in Bangladesh, she was shocked.
The US is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close Guantanamo Bay, the director of national intelligence has said.
The drivers of the Luas bus company in the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept a pay rise deal recommended by a Labour Court.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages over allegations he profited from trade with the Islamic State group.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the European Union to stop negotiations on a trade deal with Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the sale of the club's training ground at Euxton, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland secured their first Six Nations win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Ireland in Dublin.
Scientists have used a gene editing technique to create tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean is to be transferred to a private company.
The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to four women in Norway, Liberia and Yemen.
Belfast Capitals secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Cardiff Devils on Friday.
Great Britain's women's K1 200m canoeing team secured a place at the Rio Paralympics with a fifth-placed finish in the A final in Milan.
Firefighters were not called to the scene of a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers, the West Midlands' largest theme park.
A man has been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Australian police have used tear gas to disperse protesters at the Christmas Island immigration detention centre in Perth.
Meat inspectors in the UK will no longer be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for disease, under new rules.
Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Vadim Dasilva on loan until the end of the season.
Two people have been found guilty of neglecting a disabled teenager who slipped out of his rubber ring and collapsed in a swimming pool.
A building has collapsed in Naples, killing at least seven people.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United defender David Sweeney on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been quizzing children in the UK about what they like to see in space.
A man who caused a five-month-old boy to be seriously injured in a "cowardly" attack has been jailed.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the winner of the world's top prize for the best teacher in the world.
Cardiff and its city region should be given more power to work better with the north of England, the head of the Mersey Dee Alliance has said.
National League side Mansfield Town have signed former Blackburn Rovers midfielder Gary Jones on a two-year deal.
Adele has beaten Beyonce to win best album at the Grammys.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat West Brom.
Plans to create a divisional patent court in Scotland have been approved by the UK government.
A dress worn by Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globe Awards has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles.
Radiohead have recorded a theme tune for the new James Bond film.
Michael Jackson scored twice as Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-1 to reach the final of the Under-20 World Cup.
Police officers in England and Wales are being paid more for working overtime than ever before, the BBC has learned.
Archaeologists have discovered a 15th Century walling at Edinburgh Castle that they believe could have been used to defend against English artillery.
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Alberta has offered to buy a school in a bid to save it from closure.
An environmental permit has been revoked for a recycling firm at the site of a fire in Manchester city centre.
The man who built the iPod, the iPhone and the Google Glass computer is about to go head-to-head with Sir Jonathan Green.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini as the next Fifa president.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Gillingham and move out of the League One relegation zone.
Plans for a £1bn golf and tennis centre in Stirling have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs.
Ed Miliband has never been one to shy away from controversy.
A Russian fighter jet has made a low-altitude pass over a US aircraft in the Black Sea, US officials say.
Snapchat has said it sees two billion views a day of video posted on its service.
Three Communications has apologised after some of its customers received a message from an unknown sender.
An all-girls school in Sydney has banned students from clapping during a school assembly.
A UKIP MEP has topped a list of the most popular names for Wales' four MEPs after Brexit, according to a study.
When Bruno Le Roux was diagnosed with depression in 2006, his name was changed to "Sad Bruno in Mental Home".
Welsh taekwondo star Katie Williams says she is relishing the pressure of competing at the European Championships.
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must fight David Ortiz before 2 December or risk being stripped of his WBA heavyweight title.
Nigeria's football federation (NFF) has been denied access to its offices in the capital, Abuja, amid a long-running power struggle.
A rare bird of prey seen in Northern Ireland has been added to a list of British Birds of Conservation Concern 4.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta and Slovenia.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for his novel The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in central London.
England's Daniel Levy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the German Open.
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
The US-led coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan says it has killed two Afghan soldiers in an insider attack.
Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Pro12 semi-final against Edinburgh will be crucial in deciding who will make Scotland's final squad.
Port Vale manager Alan Smurthwaite says he expects to be offered a new contract by Championship clubs by the end of the season.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in Colombia, officials say.
China's manufacturing sector contracted for the second month in a row in July, according to a closely watched survey.
Armando Izzo scored a late own goal as Roma beat Genoa to go top of Serie A.
Victims of the "worst journey on earth" during World War II have been awarded medals by the Russian government.
Three men have been charged with the attempted murder of a police officer in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Hollywood actress Dame Helen Mirren has topped the UK album chart with her new album Encore.
Human remains found on a motorway slip road in West Sussex are being treated as suspicious, police have said.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen sharply, the health ministry says.
To some it may seem a bold decision to scrap free school meals in the first three years of primary school.
The UK's construction sector has continued to weaken, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's unguarded comments about Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK have caused a stir in China.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham captain Dean Keates as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for six months for trying to supply someone with half a kilo of herbal cannabis.
Do you want to cut down trees to reduce air pollution?
Jazz fans in the US have been paying tribute to one of the world's youngest performers, who has been nominated for the Grammy award.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has called on the German government to recognise its responsibilities towards victims of the Thalidomide scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has made some startling new discoveries about Comet 67P.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will withdraw support for Hillary Clinton after a video emerged of him bragging about groping women.
A South African woman has appeared in court accused of offering to represent the family of the Oscar Pistorius murder victim.
Andyomic says he is "disgraceful" to the sport after his shock defeat by Alexander Zverev at Wimbledon.
Barcelona forward Neymar has been ordered to pay 5.5m euros ($6.1m; Â£4.7m) to settle a tax fraud case.
Fidel Castro, the son of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, has died at the age of 90.
A 14-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked by four men in Blackburn.
A new book about the human brain has won the Samuel Johnson Prize for science fiction.
Alex Danson has been named in Great Britain's squad for the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam after recovering from injury.
A man has been arrested after a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
The deputy first minister has said his mother found a black beret in her home in Londonderry in 1972.
More than 100,000 people have travelled to the Republic of Ireland for the first time since the Troubles broke out.
A man has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a woman in a head-on crash in County Tyrone.
Two Turkish men have been found guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, the toddler whose body was washed up on a Greek island.
South Africa scrum-half Thierry van Rooyen says the Pro12 could be a "huge door to be opened" for South Africans wanting to earn their Euros.
Israel has apologised for the harm caused to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 Gaza war, saying it did not intend to do so.
Scotland's hopes of qualifying for the Euro 2016 finals were dealt a blow on Friday night when they were beaten 2-0 by Poland.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is "confident" he can upset world champion Hans-Joachim Braehmer in his last fight.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill has been accepted for the nation by the Queen.
It is a Saturday morning in Manchester and the city is still reeling from the terror attack at the Arena.
A man has been arrested after a pensioner was hit with a crowbar during a robbery in west Belfast.
Tinie Okogwu's home in Peckham, south London, is the perfect place to record his third album.
Aquascutum, one of the world's most famous brands of trench coats, is to be sold.
A bank has apologised after thousands of people took advantage of a cash machine in Dundee to pay out double the requested amount.
A building at the University of Aberdeen is to be closed while experts carry out remedial works after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
The government has announced plans to increase the number of doctor training places in England.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens beat Bath to move up to second in the Premiership.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed West Bromwich Albion's Sam Kashket and Southampton's James Gape for undisclosed fees.
The return of a manager to the English Football League is one of the most exciting times in the club's history.
A woman has said she was "bombarded with affection and compliments" after receiving more than £300,000 in online fraud.
A court in Japan has ruled that women should be able to take their husband's surname after marriage.
Ospreys fly-half Rhys Owens says his side are in a "win groove" after a run of seven straight wins.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Samit Patel says the county's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup final are boosted by their quarter-final win over Essex.
The Strictly Come Dancing finalist has said he was "gutted" when he found out he was suffering from depression.
Mitt Romney is in the final stages of his bid to become the next president of the United States.
Afghanistan's opium cultivation has increased by more than a third in the last year, according to official figures.
The Supreme Court has ruled that no child should be taken out of school without good reason.
A woman who was jailed for six years for inciting prostitution has said she had no involvement with Ted Heath.
For years, men who have had sex with another man have been banned from donating blood.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece's parliament has voted to hold a referendum on whether to accept the terms of the country's bailout.
It's been three years since England won the Ashes.
Warwickshire and Lancashire's One-Day Cup matches were abandoned because of rain.
Plans to reduce the Six Nations to a six-week tournament are "w meddling" with players' health, says Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Gareth Davies.
A body has been found in a search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and other health workers could be used to help cover doctor shortages in England, a think tank has said.
More than 3,000 civilians and more than 40 wounded have been evacuated from the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
At least 140 Libyan soldiers have been killed in an attack on an airbase, officials say.
How much would you have to pay back if you were to start paying back your fee loans?
Labour's shadow education secretary Kirsty Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet.
England will play Scotland in a two-legged play-off at Wembley on 15 November.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are at a "low point".
The Northern Powerhouse is set to be the first of its kind in the UK to be granted devolved powers.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in north Belfast.
Somalia's military says it has not been paid a stipend worth more than $1m (Â£800,000) for its soldiers.
A man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A 3D printer has been developed for the International Space Station.
Dog patrols on beaches in the US have been shown to reduce the risk of E. coli contamination.
A bird of prey has been shot in the head in Bedfordshire.
Jeremy Corbyn is facing a challenge to become the next leader of the Labour Party.
Police have said they could use extra powers to stop and search people at the Champions League final on Saturday.
A Cambodian environmental campaigner has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work protecting the country's forests.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City and move up to second in the Premier League.
More than a third of girls in developing countries are married too early, according to a new report by Save the Children.
England international Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Sunderland Ladies.
William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has admitted taking indecent pictures of a schoolgirl.
A British man has won the world record for the largest pumpkin seed.
McLaren chief executive Jean-Claude Boullier says the team are "fighting for the podium" in the world championship.
David Cameron has said his government would extend free childcare to all three and four-year-olds in England.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said she would like to see income tax up for higher earners in Wales once powers are devolved.
Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Watson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a leg injury.
In the middle of the night, hundreds of people gathered in Chelmsford to watch the Labour leadership contest.
Munster have been found guilty of breaching European Cup rules by allowing Sam Murray to play on after a head injury in their win over Glasgow.
MSPs are to hold a public inquiry into the way returning officers are paid.
Police are investigating the death of a 52-year-old man in Stevenson.
Sarah Sen is a big fan of cashback websites.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is not worried about the number of players leaving the club this summer.
Northern Ireland's environment minister has been accused of breaching a ministerial code by unilaterally approving a controversial retail plan in Belfast.
Gloucestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to seek committee agreement to publish a flood protection scheme for the town.
Farmers in England are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
A woman has completed her final attempt to run the London Marathon.
Labour has accused the government of "political football of the worst kind" over the future of a hospital in North West Leicestershire.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced his retirement from all active duties at the club.
More than 100 men have attended a conference in Sheffield to discuss the issue of domestic abuse (GBH) in the UK.
Everton reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Krasnodar.
Jockey James Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae in a fall.
Voters in Scotland have voted to leave the European Union.
Leicester City midfielder Danny Drinkwater says he would love to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager long term.
The SDLP and the Alliance Party are to raise the issue of unaccompanied children in Northern Ireland.
Belgium has declared a state of emergency in the capital, Brussels, in the wake of the Paris attacks.
A Jet2 flight has landed on the M1 in Birmingham after a "fault indication".
Channel 5 is to become the first UK TV channel to show series five of Breaking Bad.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Mark Haldane, has said that interest rates are "still some way from being made".
Leicestershire Speedway have reached a deal to keep the team in the UK for the 2017 season.
The US has the highest rate of poverty in the world, according to official figures.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 19th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
Victims of sexual abuse in Rotherham have told the BBC they are "too afraid to have ever gone to the law".
Sam Allardyce says he will try to make England feel better when they face Slovakia on Sunday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 16-year-old girl at a railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has said that 12 countries have spoken against the idea of a joint European military HQ.
The bodies of five people who died in a helicopter crash in north Wales have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed in a drone attack in Pakistan.
A cycle hire scheme has returned to Oxfordshire.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to set up a peacekeeping mechanism.
A US appeals court has ruled that an uncredited sample of Madonna's Vogue song could be stolen.
Plans to build a new road linking Swansea and Swansea have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
King George's piano has been restored to its rightful home at Brighton's Royal Pavilion.
India's economy grew faster than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its Android smartphone.
Film stills from the career of the late director David Attenborough are expected to fetch up to £10,000 at auction.
A witness in the murder trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been ordered to apologise.
Labour would introduce a legal right to work on zero-hours contracts in its first year of government, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison's decision to sell his 76% shareholding in Motherwell has paved the way for the club to break even.
Blackpool's Premier League match against Brighton will be broadcast live on BBC One on Saturday.
Regulated rail fares in England and Wales have risen by 0.5% in the year to July, according to the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RDG).
The NHS in England has opened a new centre for veterans with complex injuries, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is to commission a new range of portraits of people who have been painted or photographed in its public spaces.
Derbyshire head coach Mark Wilson says his side will not accept a quarter-final place in the T20 Blast next season.
England football manager Mark Sampson has said he is "disappointed" that his team have been denied the right to compete at the Olympics.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle awards, beating Creed to the title.
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year title at the National Book Awards in Blaenclydach.
British and Irish Lions batsmen Andrew Duckett and James Bell-Drummond are "very capable" of playing international cricket, says former captain David Flower.
I have amassed a collection of more than 25,000 matchbox labels.
A lot of athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, according to the British Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is no reason why the Bahrain Grand Prix should be cancelled.
Michelle Dockery and West are to star in Les Liaisons Dangereuses, a new production of the French novel by Choderlos de Laclos, at the Donmar Warehouse.
Arsenal midfielder Tarek Hamed has been named in Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage and a raft of talent for this year's festival.
A gas explosion which killed a man was "almost like an airstrike", an inquest has heard.
A cake has been made to celebrate the birth of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
At least one person has been killed in a looting of shops in the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, officials say.
A lettings agency that makes money by putting several unrelated people in one house is claiming more than £11,000 in housing benefit, documents obtained by the BBC show.
Scotland must be "smarter and clever" if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday, says head coach Rory Laidlaw.
As Australia prepares to become the first country in the world to allow same-sex couples to marry, it is worth taking a look at the economic benefits of marriage equality.
South Korean lawmakers have broken a world record for the longest filibuster in parliamentary history.
It's been a busy week in the world of politics.
The Royal Mint has struck 2,000 commemorative coins to mark the birth of a baby.
Japan has sent a special envoy to South Korea to try to improve relations between the two countries.
England midfielder Michael Carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says Roy Hodgson.
The inquest into the death of schoolgirl Alice Gross is to examine whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the world's most powerful Islamist groups.
An SNP MP has reclaimed a bashful bunny by the gates of the Palace of Westminster for the first time since it went missing.
A US woman has been ordered to put her fingerprint on a biometric reader to decrypt data for the government.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side still have an opportunity to reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
WBA world light-middleweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Julio Rosas on Saturday.
Mark Carney's decision to extend his term as governor of the Bank of England has been described as a "personal decision".
The end-of-life care system for dying patients in Liverpool should be scrapped, a review has recommended.
Four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home.
Canadian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty of stealing more than 3 million credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in a "shocking and completely senseless attack", the RSPCA has said.
One of New Zealand's longest-living wild pelicans, Lanky, has been killed at his home in Wellington.
Boys have overtaken girls in top A-level grades for the first time in England, official results show.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated against measles.
Macedonia's President Aleksandar Ivanov has said he wants to "cut a knot" in the country's political crisis.
The Prince of Wales has joined the Princess Royal to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo.
The Russian state was involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, the inquiry into his death has heard.
More than 1.4 million more children are now in "good" or "outstanding" schools in England, Philip Hammond has said in his Autumn Statement.
The use of cashless payments to pay for school meals has to stop, an AM has said.
A new treatment for HIV may be able to outwit the virus for some time, a study suggests.
Seven police officers are to be questioned over the "serious hand injuries" suffered by a prisoner in custody.
Ivory Coast is one of the most developed countries in the world, with a thriving economy and a thriving middle class.
Dover Athletic have been allowed to sign former Eastleigh and Barnet player N'Gala on a two-year deal.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says his side are "not a selling club" after Kane Hemmings' 25th goal of the season.
The Royal British Legion has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the importance of poppy collecting.
Brian Graham's late goal secured Linlithgow's place in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US box office in its first week of release, overtaking Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Lord Lloyd-Webber has said he is "excited" about musicals, despite the high ticket prices in the West End.
A pair of students are to present their idea for an app that would alert people to the dangers posed by natural disasters.
David Miller hit a career-best half-century as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
The world was a scary place in 2015.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in Bridgend county.
French police have arrested two men suspected of carrying out a deadly attack on a satirical magazine on Wednesday.
Prince Philip is to announce his retirement from the Royal Family in August.
A housing company has announced plans to demolish two blocks of flats in Londonderry.
A man has been found guilty of attempted murder after he was shot in the leg by a gunman with a stocking over his head.
Taylor Swift is one of the biggest names in the world of music, but it seems she's been left out of Spotify's playlists.
Jenson Button says he is "worried" about the safety of the new Formula 1 track at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
The chief minister of the Indian capital, Delhi, has staged an impromptu protest in the capital to demand the suspension of several police officers.
Gangs are increasingly using encrypted devices to communicate with the public, according to new figures.
Tickets for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out quickly.
Lance Armstrong has said he would "probably" race again in 2015 despite admitting he used performance-enhancing drugs during his career.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side have the potential to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Martin McGuinness is one of the world's fastest motorcyclists.
James Wells is relishing the prospect of helping Sussex challenge for the County Championship title.
A council has been told it would be "absolute madness" to move a 1,000-year-old stone believed to have fallen on Chapel Hill.
A man has been charged after a Go Fund Me campaign raised more than £330,000 for disabled pensioner David Barnes.
Royal Bank of Scotland has set aside £3.1bn to settle claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A rare painting of a Welsh noble has been bought by the National Trust for £2.1m.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if funding is cut by the Welsh government, a union has warned.
South Africa's Supreme Court has told the High Court in Pretoria that it is time for the government to take a break from the courts.
Turkey has lifted a ban on women wearing headscarves in state institutions.
Five UK universities have been given master's degrees in cyber security by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man has been jailed for eight years for murdering his mother in a "vile murder" at her home in Norwich.
Heavy clashes have broken out in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival factions over the Syrian conflict.
A man who lost two teeth when he was bitten by a nurse at a Gloucestershire mental health hospital has said he was told his injuries were consistent with a punch.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
Former NHL star Gordie Howe has died at the age of 82, his family has announced.
The UK government's infrastructure agency has spent more than £5,000 on travel since 2012, the National Audit Office has said.
A man who spent 47 days in a rooftop protest at Nottingham jail after his robbery conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal has said his health is worsening.
Labour has said it will cut off the Prime Minister's nose if he pushes for a referendum on EU membership on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham.
Jules Bianchi's father has said he is "confident" that the Italian Formula 1 driver will survive a serious head injury.
Legal services firm Axiom is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast, the company has announced.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who made a series of 999 calls using a cordless telephone in a garden.
Northern Ireland's Mark Farmer has moved into second place in the MotoGP standings at the Knockhill round of the World Superbike Championship.
UK retail sales fell for the first time in three years in April, according to official figures.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the Commonwealth, saying it will never be a party to any institution that represents an extension of colonialism.
A social worker accused of failing to visit mentally ill men who had committed "significant crimes" has been found guilty of misconduct.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the European Union by the end of the year.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will make it easier for police agencies to use mobile phone tracking equipment.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has cancelled a planned visit to Cuba by Cuban President Raul Castro.
A dog that was removed from a County Antrim park has been allowed to return to its owner after a six-month stay.
Everton are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of England defender John Stones for an undisclosed fee.
High winds and heavy rain have caused widespread disruption in parts of the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south London.
Two teenagers have died in a crash between two cars.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Newcastle United manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Bristol City.
A new penalty shootout system is to be introduced in the Europa League next season.
A woman who has been collecting poppies for the Royal British Legion has said she has never got bitter.
A woman has told an inquest how she was sexually assaulted by serial killer Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he is "forced to accept" tough new austerity measures after parliament approved a bailout deal.
Millions of people across the UK will be voting in the general election on 8 June.
Yorkshire say they would be interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A Henry Moore sculpture, believed to be worth more than Â£20m, is to be placed in London's Canary Wharf after a High Court dispute.
A County Londonderry man has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" before going on holiday.
A contestant on the Miss Universe pageant has been criticised for saying healthcare is a privilege and not a right.
A new website has been set up to tackle fake YouTube views.
China's Tiangong-1 space station will not burn up during its fall, according to the country's space engineering office.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the reasons why Africa's poultry industry is booming.
David Cameron has been told his father Ian has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke.
Syrian government forces have begun the evacuation of the last rebel-held district of the city of Homs.
Saracens head coach Stuart McCall says there is no reason why they can't get better in the European Champions Cup.
A statue of baseball legend Dickie Bird has been raised to make it more difficult for people to remove items from it.
Five former supermarket bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "catastrophic" for ordinary families.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United for the first time since his retirement from international football.
Rio de Janeiro's Samba school has won the city's first ever carnival title.
Wales is paying the price for not doing enough to meet its renewable energy targets, a leading energy expert has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time in more than a decade, according to new figures.
Olympic silver medallist Katie O'Connell won the 200m at the Vaasa European Indoor Championships in Italy.
All young people should register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales could have a new right to challenge police decisions, under Labour's election manifesto.
Peter Chase was a potato farmer who had been "beaten up" by the supermarkets.
The Syrian government has said it has intercepted two shipments of banned chemical weapons from the country's coast.
A six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park was "nervous in the water", an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira hit his 10,000th first-class run as his side beat Derbyshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes has been described as a "one-time flushing" of cash out of the system.
Oxford United extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1-0 win over Bradford.
Plans for a 1,000-home development in a Yorkshire village have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "quite neutral" when his side face Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has denied reports that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The Lord Chief Justice has said the British government has a legal obligation to act immediately on the legacy of the past.
Nottinghamshire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Surrey.
Two of the last journalists to work in Fleet Street have announced their retirement.
A Surgeon's surgery in New Zealand has been rated "good" by the health watchdog following a second inspection.
At Singapore's State University (SUMU) in Singapore, a group of students are taking part in a lecture.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable win over Stuttgart.
Australia's Paul Casey and England's Tommy Fleetwood missed the cut at the US Open.
A new mental health academy is being set up in West Berkshire to help reduce the number of patients waiting for help.
A new ambulance service is to be launched in mid and north Wales, the Welsh government has announced.
The husband of a British woman jailed in Iran for plotting to overthrow the government has said he is "frightened" by the outcome of her appeal.
Lee Westwood says he is "back to the stage where I turn up fully expecting to play well" at the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Arsenal Ladies defender Alex Smith has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton England has had its funding withdrawn from the Olympic and Paralympic programme by UK Sport.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have been laid at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found at a house in County Armagh.
A German man has been fined for causing the death of a motorcyclist in Conwy county.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Blackpool have signed striker Tom Allsop and striker James Cooke on season-long loan deals from Premier League side Fulham.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
More than 60,000 people have attended events to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man has tried to break the world record for the largest egg.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire GP surgery has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed former The Valley boss Jose Ribeiro as their new head coach.
Jamie Hardie is sitting in a dark alleyway in the back of a theme park in New Zealand.
Indonesian social media users have been using the hashtag #KamiTidakTakut to express their sympathy for the city of Jakarta.
Scottish engineering firm Hutchinson Engineering is to create 100 new jobs in Kilrea, County Antrim.
A Native American tribe in South Dakota has announced plans to open a recreational marijuana resort.
Conor McGregor says he is "not prepared to fight in the deepest of trenches" after lighter gloves were given the go-ahead for his bout with Floyd Mayweather on Saturday.
Plans to build 500 homes on allotments in Surrey have been rejected by a council.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the European Hockey Championships in Italy and Serbia.
Skelmersdale-based Bay TV has been put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Tributes have been paid to former Togo coach Big Boss Keshi, who has died after a short illness.
Two off-duty police officers have been arrested after a woman was stolen from a car in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in Salford, police have said.
Egyptian officials say they have found no evidence that a bomb brought down a Russian airliner in Sinai on Sunday, killing all 224 people on board.
Real Madrid have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Four of the most popular gadgets in the Internet of Things (IoT) have been found to be vulnerable to hacking, say security researchers.
Former rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty of rape as a war crime by the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Malala Yousafzai's life in Pakistan has been changed by the Taliban.
Chelsea have celebrated their Premier League title with a parade.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and move up to second in the world championship.
A row over the UK's right to leave the European Union is taking place at the High Court in London.
Seachill, the owner of Waitrose and Waitrose, is reviewing its pay arrangements in the wake of the introduction of the national living wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been arrested at an unauthorised rally in St Petersburg, police say.
Banking giant Hays has said there is "increased uncertainty" in the UK market following the EU referendum.
Samsung has become the first company to allow ad-blockers to be installed on its mobile phones.
US consumer sentiment has fallen for the first time in five months, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who were jailed for sexually abusing two boys have been given lifelong anonymity.
Four people have been arrested in connection with a domestic abuse campaign ahead of England's Euro 2016 match against Russia.
Workers in Wales could save up to £1,000 a year by using healthier modes of transport, a charity has said.
Five men have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder and possession of a firearm in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he is not concerned about Jacob Butterfield and Erik Olsson's fitness ahead of the new Premier League season.
Kyle Edmund will make his Davis Cup debut against Janko Tipsarevic in Friday's first rubber at the US Open.
Wigan Warriors captain Rhys Tomkins says he could return to the Super League club in the future.
Wigan Warriors moved to within a point of the Super League play-offs with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A Sinn Féin councillor has said she has been subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation in her role as a teacher.
Scientists have revealed the secrets of the "Michelangelo" sandstone landscape.
The Met Office has issued the first high wind warning of the season for most of northern and western Scotland.
Using whole brain radiotherapy to treat secondary brain tumours has been shown to be ineffective, according to a study in the Lancet.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the year.
Josh Taylor says he is ready to fight Ricky Burns for the WBA super-lightweight title in Edinburgh.
Aberdeen have signed Scotland international Stevie May on a four-year deal.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes between security forces and Shia residents of a town in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province, activists say.
Turkey has launched a fresh offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she never shied away from taking responsibility for the party's loss of 40 MPs in May.
A woman has discovered the "final piece of treasure" hidden in a velvet bag in a Lincolnshire art centre.
A coroner has ruled that the body of a teenage soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks should be exhumed.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of missing schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A new search and rescue helicopter base in Gwynedd has been officially launched by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency.
Sport Ireland chief executive Peter Treacy says a "deeply divided" board is a symptom of the problem at the sport's governing body.
The daughter of David Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for the group to be eradicated.
Tom Trott hit his first County Championship century of the season as Warwickshire beat Essex by eight wickets to reach the One-Day Cup final.
Haiti's Senate has voted to appoint interim President Joseph Privert as interim president, ending the 120-day mandate of the provisional president.
The data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered, the country's investigation committee has said.
The UK will not succeed by acting in isolation, the prime minister has said, as she called for a global response to terrorism.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the government in its fight against discrimination in employment cases.
Iran's football goalkeeper has been banned from using social media for six months.
American Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win 36 World Cup downhill races in a row as she won the downhill event in Austria on Saturday.
Two hoverboards have caught fire in London in the space of a month, the city's fire brigade has said.
England, Scotland and Ireland will begin the Women's World Twenty20 campaign in India on Friday, with the first two matches being played in the same group.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
A hotel guest house has been fined after a man fell from a balcony and landed on his head.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary, is leading an online course on economics and politics, as part of a wave of open online courses.
A public swimming pool in Derby has been saved from closure.
The family of a man who was murdered nine years ago have said they have been "let down" by the justice system.
Diageo has reported a fall in sales of Scotch whisky in the first three months of the financial year.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for the return of the Chagos Islands to the US.
Casey Affleck says he is "honoured" to star alongside Matt Damon in The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, but admits the role is "the antithesis of what our culture has come to be".
Pirates have freed the crew of a Sri Lankan oil tanker that was hijacked off the coast of Somalia, officials say.
A young girl has been fostered by a Muslim family in east London.
The brother of a man killed in a fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry has said it shows "total disrespect" for the victims.
A traffic restriction on a busy street has been reintroduced after a council was forced to pay back fines.
BMW has reported a rise in profits for the three months to the end of March, helped by the sale of its stake in mapping technology firm Here.
Optimism is linked with lower death risk, a study suggests.
Durham Tees Valley Airport has announced plans to fly two new routes from Glasgow to Edinburgh.
A man has been charged with carrying out a mass shooting at an airport in Florida, the latest in a series of mass shootings in the US.
The US economy grew at a slower pace than expected in the fourth quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Scientists have mapped the extent of the water that is hidden under the surface of aquifers in sub-Saharan Africa.
Charlton moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a 2-1 win over fellow strugglers Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 internationals Sam Rae and Keshav Bhatti ahead of the Pro12 season.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa with a knee injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales.
Wimbledon is the oldest major tennis tournament in the world.
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Lanarkshire.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are the most likely UK cities to suffer in the short term from Brexit, according to a study.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in southern Italy after a huge wildfire broke out.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been formally appointed.
President of Ivory Coast: Alassane Ouattara
"Technology is changing the way we interact with the world," says Eventbrite chief executive Amit Aggarwal.
Ospreys moved to within a point of the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingspan Stadium.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anil Kapoor looks at the history of brand names in India.
General Motors (GM) has announced plans to stop making cars in India and sell its manufacturing business in South Africa.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Hibernian midfielder Ryan Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Ken Zohore for many players in the Championship this season.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier who was attacked outside a bar in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, Camilla, have bought a box of mangoes in a bid to raise money for the Brixton borough.
Hundreds of whales have been stranded on a beach in New Zealand after being beached by the tide.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland supporters to come along to Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey moved to within a point of the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Three teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of travelling to Syria have been released without charge, Scotland Yard has said.
Two police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog for reducing crime.
Ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts in Birmingham to take over schools which have been caught up in claims of extremism.
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco international striker Abdoulaye Belhanda on a two-year deal.
A man who was found guilty of making a "menacing threat" to Robin Hood Airport has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Is it time for a leaderless workplace?
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing at an airport after smoke started seeping into the cabin, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the one-day series against South Africa, which starts in June.
More than half of patients who had eye surgery at a Glasgow hospital had to wait longer than they should have because of technical problems.
A German court has charged seven people with attempted murder and attempted murder over a series of bomb attacks on asylum-seeker shelters.
All political parties in Wales have to reflect on the impact of the Brexit vote on the Welsh economy, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, the Libyan man who carried out the 1988 Lockerbie bombing, has died at the age of 87.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian statues in Iraq.
A video has gone viral of people swimming in flood water in parts of the UK.
TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to 31 March, compared with the same period last year.
Heineken has been told it must submit plans to the UK's competition watchdog for its takeover of Punch pubs.
A new technology centre is to be set up in Aberdeen to help the North Sea oil and gas industry develop new technology.
Sunderland striker Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply of illicit drugs" have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court.
Schools in England are being asked to set up web pages in the run-up to BBC News School Report News Day.
An Iron Age hill fort in Powys may have been a stronghold of the Silurian tribe for much earlier than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
A gun has been fired at a police car in Londonderry.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in memory of the victims of the collapse of Kids Company.
Prime Minister: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of spending £5m on a "one-sided bargain" to run a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children could face poverty as a result of government changes to benefits, say campaigners.
Scotland's skills system needs to be strengthened to cope with the impact of technological change, according to a new report.
A former al-Qaeda operative has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for bombing two embassies in Tanzania.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage winger Kadeem Harris from Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The UK government's decision to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset is a major blow to the relationship between the two countries.
Tributes have been paid to a Glamorgan cricketer who has died in hospital.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has been killed in a drone strike in Libya.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City and Wales Under-21 international midfielder David McDiarmid on a two-year deal.
Tommy Williams scored his first goal for Doncaster as they came from behind to beat Doncaster.
John Collymore has withdrawn from a bid to become Nottingham Forest's new chief executive.
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch at their Super League match against Salford Red Devils.
Plans for a £2.6m redevelopment of Keynsham town centre have been given the go-ahead by a council.
Connacht have signed New Zealand prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A piper has been found guilty of defrauding a charity out of thousands of pounds by displaying a banner bearing the word "justice".
Too many offenders in England and Wales are being turned away from unpaid work by the courts, a report has found.
Tommy Seymour will captain the British and Irish Lions in the first Test against the Hurricanes on Tuesday.
Adele's new single Hello has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row.
The search for a missing Stirlingshire man has been "exhaustive and also challenging", police have said.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pay for Durham's teaching assistants have been called off.
Labour leader Leanne Wood has said the general election offers an opportunity for "harmious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland.
The speed of the melting of Arctic sea ice in the Arctic Ocean has been described as "unprecedented" by a leading scientist.
A man who married a clerk at a Derbyshire office has said he has received death threats and threats since coming out as a Muslim.
Cornwall reached the County Championship final for the first time in their history with a 27-22 win over Surrey.
A virtual reality version of Llandudno has been launched to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Alice in Wonderland story.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils have accused the government of a "shameful sham" over plans for major improvements to the M4.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and his Uefa counterpart Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years.
A square megalithic monument has been discovered in a Gloucestershire stone circle.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Welsh Elite League champions Cardiff Devils will return to the top of the table if they play like they can, says head coach Mark Bowns.
A boy who developed a rare form of narcolepsy after being vaccinated has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands this weekend in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police are investigating reports of people dressing as clowns in Pembrokeshire.
A former dissident republican who was jailed for murder in 1976 has been granted permission to challenge a decision to release tapes of interviews he gave on the Boston College project.
Cardiff City midfielder Ezequiel Ecuele Manga has been ruled out for the rest of the season with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers scored two first-half goals to beat Cambridge United and move into the League Two play-off places.
It's been 11 years since Nigel Gill was elected as an MEP for the UK Independence Party (UKIP).
A motorcyclist who died in a crash on the A9 near Strachan has been named by police.
Bees could be driven closer to extinction in the UK because of the wet weather, a charity has warned.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to take military action in Syria has been hailed as a historic moment for the UK.
At least four people have been killed and five wounded in a shooting at a gay bar in Tel Aviv, Israeli police say.
Sony has pulled out of selling its Reader range of e-readers in Europe.
Israel has announced plans to remove metal detectors from the holy site of the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, in the wake of the killing of two Israeli police officers.
A summit aimed at tackling flooding in Wales has been held in Cardiff.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams who can win the Premier League title this season.
A police dog has been put to sleep after being attacked by a dog handler.
A chatbot called Eugene has passed a Turing Test for the first time, according to the organisers of a competition in Reading.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in the Team GB squad for the Rio Olympics.
Egyptian judo coach Mohammed Sasson has been suspended for two matches after his opponent Mohammed El Shehaby refused to shake his hand.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of Africa's most ethnically diverse countries.
Scientists in Japan have developed a 3D scan that can detect a protein in the brain that causes Alzheimer's disease.
Johanna Konta says she is "happy to be here" and believes she can win the women's singles title at Wimbledon.
The roll-out of smart meters in England and Wales has been delayed for a third time.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has rejected a motion calling for a reduction in penalty fines to £45.
A Conservative activist has told the BBC that a dossier detailing allegations of bullying within the party was given to the party's youth wing in 2010.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Holyhead.
St Ronan's Magherafelt and St Paul's Bessbrook have been knocked out of the All-Ireland Football semi-finals after a goalless draw at the Dub.
Two Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS) for the first time.
A schoolboy in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has scored well in the secondary school exams.
A marine accident investigation has recommended an urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols following the deaths of three fishermen.
More than 1,000 ancient sites have been discovered in Egypt using satellite imagery, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in Greater Manchester.
The final episode of the third series of BBC One's romantic comedy show Bridesmaids has been watched by a record number of viewers.
Apple has unveiled the $10,000 (Â£9,000) Apple Watch at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
A Scottish sea salt company has been bought by supermarket chain Sainbury for an undisclosed sum.
Councils have been inundated with "slightly amusing" customer service queries in the past year, says the Local Government Association.
A painting of the coronation of Charles I has been in a park in County Durham for more than 100 years.
Plans for a McDonald's restaurant in Aberdeenshire have been given the go-ahead by the planning inspector.
Mental health patients are being detained in custody for "unacceptable hours and even days", a hospital's chief constable has said.
Tiger Woods says he is "like a five-year-old" after announcing his retirement from golf.
The Champions League final at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff will be one of the biggest sporting events in the city's history.
Take-Two has teamed up with the NBA to create an e-sports league in the US.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire.
It is a long list of achievements, many of which come in the space of a few hours.
Aston Villa have signed striker Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan from Manchester City.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Tour de France for the second time with victory in the seventh stage.
John Esposito, the former road manager for Elvis Presley, has died at the age of 83.
(Close): Shares in Easyjet and Madame Tussuad were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday.
One of the last remaining flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing at an airport after an engine fault.
A man has been charged with kidnapping a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless in England has risen by more than a third in the past five years, according to new figures.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title is a "tragedy".
If you want to see your favourite band or solo artist perform live, you may need to pay a bit more.
Microsoft has announced a "master collection" of Halo games for the Xbox One.
Tributes have been paid to the artists and musicians who have died in recent days.
Home Secretary Theresa May should consider banning two prominent anti-Islam activists from entering the UK, a committee of MPs has said.
US President Barack Obama has urged his successor Donald Trump to "send some signals of unity" in the wake of the election.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train crash in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, officials say.
Glamorgan have announced a new schedule for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
A sports presenter has been charged with drink-driving after testing positive for cocaine.
A police officer has described the "horrific carnage" at a nightclub where two students died as a result of asphyxia.
A woman and her two-year-old child have been raped in a car.
Former world number one Mark Carter says he is "not 100% right" to compete at the top level after being beaten by Michael Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
A woman who was diagnosed with a brain tumour and forced to postpone her wedding has died.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates on hold.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the grounds of a stadium in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro.
Cardiff City came from behind to earn a draw at Brentford.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised for comparing Russian athletes to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been removed from the Machu Picchu citadel in Peru, police say.
A large fire has broken out at a warehouse in the Chinese city of Tianjin, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
More than 400,000 children are being taught by unqualified teachers in England, according to a teachers' union.
A woman has been knocked to the ground by a man in the Meadows area of Glasgow city centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the Labour Party into the next general election.
The genetic make-up of Europe has been revealed for the first time.
The owner of a boutique which has been linked to the so-called Islamic State group in Syria has said she has "absolutely no sympathy" for the group.
Police Scotland have been contacted by another former pupil about claims of historical abuse at Gordonstoun School in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will commit to a "clear plan" for a fully integrated railway in public ownership.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was abducted and raped by a teacher has said she has no intention of speaking to the press.
Borussia Dortmund have signed France Under-19 international defender Yannick Bolasie from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years in June, according to official figures.
Former Nigeria coach Emmanuel Oliseh says he is relishing the challenge of taking charge of Dutch side Fortuna Sittard.
All pictures are copyrighted. Â© Scotsland Pictures.
One of the world's longest aircraft has left the UK for the first time in more than 50 years.
A couple from Wiltshire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
Thousands of ice balls have been created in Siberia.
Guernsey have been told they will have to pay £10,000 to play in the FA Trophy this season.
Comic-book legend Stan Lee is to star in a new film based on the Fantastic Four.
A new cyber security group is being set up in Denbighshire.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
Only 0.5% of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in London were tested for doping, according to a new study by Harvard University.
England all-rounder James Vince has been named in the squad for the World Twenty20 in Mumbai.
A Scottish singer has discovered the grave of his great great grandfather in a cemetery in the Highlands.
Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been painted green for the first time.
Saracens hooker Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Avengers: Age of Ultron will be the new villain at this year's Comic-Con in Las Vegas, director Joss Whedon has announced.
Every morning at Moco-Moco Primary School, a young boy sits quietly on the floor, hands folded in his lap.
A snake thought to be one of the deadliest snakes in the world has been euthanised by the Scottish SPCA.
A convicted paedophile who travelled to the US to have sex with two young brothers has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
If you're a fan of a wrestling organisation in China, you might want to check out its latest foray into the country.
Police in the US state of Texas have charged a man with human trafficking after 20 people were found dead in a trailer at a Walmart in San Antonio.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head while trying to restrain a man at a house in Londonderry has been awarded a bravery medal.
The maker of Irn Bru and Funkin has reported a rise in sales, but warned of "volatile and uncertain market conditions".
A black man has been shot dead by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, hours after the teenager was killed by a white officer.
Madonna's latest album, Rebel Heart, has been released this week and it's already been a hit with fans.
Chris Grigg's injury-time goal earned Wigan a point against fellow League One strugglers Chester.
Charli XCX has revealed that she's written some songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.
Facebook and Apple are expanding their maternity leave policies to include egg freezing and cryopreservation.
Muhammad Ali would have "picked them apart" if he had fought Wladimir Klitschko, says former world welterweight champion Bill Shavers.
The Bank of England has held its key interest rate at 0.5% for another month.
When the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs in the World Series on Sunday, it would be the first time the teams have played in the same game for more than a century.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have been given the go-ahead for the Queen's Speech on Brexit.
There is a danger the RSPCA will "pick and choose" cases to suit its political and commercial needs, an MP has said.
Google has released an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) using Street View technology.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Tenby Sea Swimming Festival in Somerset.
HSBC has appointed David Tucker as its new chief executive, the bank has announced.
The US is confident that it can sustain a durable international effort to counter climate change, says the head of the State Department, James Pershing.
Michael Routledge scored twice as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of making indecent images of children.
The government is expected to publish a draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK by the end of the year, the BBC understands.
A memorial to police officers and staff who have died in the line of duty is to be built at the National Memorial Arboretum.
James Whyte and David Forsythe scored twice as Crusaders beat Linfield to reach the Irish Cup semi-finals.
ScotRail has announced plans to create up to 100 new train driver jobs in Scotland.
The FBI has accused Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak of defrauding the country out of millions of dollars.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu hanfon i wahanol lefydd hefyd yn ôl yr angen.
Police in Germany are investigating reports of fake fathers claiming to be the fathers of migrant children.
Fines for data breaches in the UK have risen by more than a third in the past year, according to PwC.
The Turin Shroud has gone on display for the first time in the Italian city's history.
The health secretary has said he would consider charging people from outside the UK for using the NHS.
North Korea has said it carried out an H-bomb test.
A jury has been discharged from the trial of a man accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl.
A campaign group has said the Scottish government's named person policy has been a "sham consultation" after it was ruled to be unlawful.
Everton have signed Everton midfielder James Browning on a season-long loan deal.
Thousands of people from across Scotland are being asked to take part in a new study into family health.
David is still walking in the streets of Aubervilliers, north of Paris.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged.
Daimler, the world's biggest carmaker, has reported a rise in sales in the second quarter of the year, helped by a strong performance in China.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said the government of Syria does not have the right to kill anyone.
Nintendo has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles fell.
Huddersfield's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at Burton.
It's been a year since a road sign was painted in the middle of a road in a suburb of Doncaster in a bid to "deter anti-social parking".
A British aid worker who was beheaded in Pakistan died as a result of decapitation, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Caroline Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A High Court judge has ruled that plans for a wind farm in Conwy county should go ahead.
China's internet court has opened its doors to the public for the first time in the country's history.
Samsung C&T, the South Korean mobile phone giant, has been approved by shareholders of the conglomerate.
A council is to auction a statue of a court official from Egypt to reinvest the money into a town's culture and heritage.
Lancashire will play their first County Championship game of the summer at home to Glamorgan.
A man dismembered his friend's body and dumped it in his own flat to assume his identity, a court has heard.
Former UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Conservative Party in Cardiff Bay.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been charged with fraud and sentenced to two years in prison.
Rangers cruised to a comfortable victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Uganda has said it will withdraw all its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of £5m from the Libor crisis, the government has announced.
A teenager from Exmouth has set a new world record for the fastest single-handed sailor round the Isle of Wight.
Chris Sidwell says he wants to stay at Brighton & Hove Albion beyond the end of the season.
A former chief executive of a Welsh health board has said her cancer drug fund is not routinely available in Wales.
Matt Disley's late goal earned Forest Green a narrow win over Grimsby to keep alive their hopes of automatic promotion from League Two.
A giant model of atoms in a crystal has been created to attempt to break the world record for the most precise lattice of atoms.
Kenneth Starr, the man who led the investigation into Bill Clinton's affair with Monica Lewinsky, has said that Hillary Clinton should be a "prime asset" to her husband.
Belfast's transport minister David Hazzard has said he is considering extending bus lanes in the city.
Donald Trump's election risks driving a wedge between Britain and the EU just when both sides need it least, according to Atlanticist analysis.
Formula 1 teams have agreed to revert to the 2015 elimination system after the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Britain's Paul Perry reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time with a 6-3 win over England's Mark Bingham.
Ukrainian and Russian TV channels have been portraying the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian militiamen as fighting each other in the south-east.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries as Worcestershire fought back on day three against Leicestershire at Chelmsford.
A campaign has been launched in Glasgow to raise awareness of the causes of extremism following the death of Glasgow shopkeeper Mohammad Shah.
Spotify has announced a year-long trial of non-music content in its app.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet needs "help" from his team-mates, says manager Jurgen Klopp.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles on a budget airline.
A former Royal Navy chaplain has written a children's book about the Falklands War to help children cope with life outside the military.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson set a new world record in the long jump to win the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
The election of Donald Trump as US president and Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader have both shown that they can appeal to voters who resent mainstream politicians.
Southampton have signed Norwich City midfielder Nathan Redmond for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP's leader has been accused of failing to follow the party's vetting process for a new AM.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria say they are "very much in the gathering of evidence".
A German court has sentenced a Dutch Nazi war criminal to life in prison for the 1944 murder of three Dutch Jews.
A Palestinian woman who was burned to death in an arson attack on her home in the occupied West Bank has been identified.
President Muhammadu Buhari of the Democratic Republic of Congo has been sworn in as president of the Republic of Ireland.
Borrowers are more confident about making repayments on unsecured loans than they were in the second quarter of the year, a bank has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
More than 130 jobs have been put at risk by the closure of Glasgow's Arches nightclub, according to an MSP.
Platinum miner Lonmin has announced plans to raise $1bn (£1.5bn) in a rights issue to help secure bank loans.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who has gone missing has appealed for help to find him.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed full-back Alex O'Meara on a two-year deal.
Work has begun to repair a railway station which has been closed for more than a year.
Torquay made it two wins from two in the National League with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby.
The Foreign Office has said a petition calling for a second EU referendum should be considered for a parliamentary debate.
A man who murdered teenager Paige Wood has been given a further life sentence by the High Court.
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge to the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
A prize awarded to the funniest children's book author is to be revived.
A Somali government minister has been shot dead by security forces in the capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Wales goalkeeper James Ward says he would like to stay at Huddersfield Town beyond the end of the season.
A teenager's body was found in a park on Christmas Eve, an inquest has heard.
A selection of photographs from around the world this week:
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Reading and Wokingham.
The federal government has launched an investigation into the disappearance and murder of indigenous women in Canada.
A Kuwaiti man who was held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released.
The NHS in England is to set up a national registry of breast implants that will allow patients to be traced swiftly if they have been given faulty implants.
A self-driving robot has been run over by a building in San Francisco, California.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 14-year-old girl in Bristol.
I want my 11-year-old son to become a game maker.
Bob Jungels won the final stage of the Giro d'Italia as Movistar's Gorka Izagirre retained the overall lead.
The rise in international tourists to the UK has been driven by the fall in the value of the pound.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is considering an application for the release of an Irishman accused of inciting violence in Egypt.
A florist has said she has been inundated with calls from scammers posing as TalkTalk workers.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a bill to prevent lawyers asking questions about a rape complainant's sexual history in court.
Former Rangers youth coach David Durrant has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal Ladies have reached the Women's Super League One semi-finals for the first time in their history.
Cornish Reds head coach Dave Churcher says his side's front row and front five were key to their success against Chinnor.
It's been a really good year for me as a player-manager and as a coach.
A leading candidate in the race to become the next leader of the UK Independence Party has been allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the main draw for the Nottingham Open.
The owner of a van Gogh painting which was hung in Reading as part of a festival has said it is "not a known work".
A new exhibition celebrating the history of giraffes has opened in London.
The European space agency has announced that it will delay the launch of a robot vehicle on Mars in 2020.
Katie O'Sullivan is a runner who's been taking part in the London Marathon.
Surrey's Liam Davies hit a career-best 43 as they beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's.
French police have closed the main railway station in the capital, Paris, after a security operation.
Scientists have used 3D imaging to map the spread of cancer in the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai as monsoon rains continue to batter the city.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are locked in a tight race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
At least 10 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a group of vigilantes in the north-east of Nigeria, an MP has told the BBC.
There are still a few bills to deal with in the House of Commons.
It is one of the most famous buildings in the world.
Jess Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster ride.
Microsoft and Spain's Telefonica have teamed up to design a subsea cable across the Atlantic.
The Queen has attended New Year's Day church service at Sandringham in Norfolk.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he is "not sure" his son will return to the US.
Scientists have developed a device that can transmit electrical waves deep inside the body, using the same power as a cell phone.
Salford Red Devils kick-taker Tom Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured after a car overturned on the M4 in County Tyrone.
Cuba has rejected President Donald Trump's new policy of tightening its trade embargo with the US.
The number of cases of measles in south west Wales has risen to its highest level since 2010, Public Health Wales has said.
A Chinese passenger plane has crashed in Taiwan, killing all 162 people on board.
Two new species of flowering plants have been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
Carers who work with children in early years could be made "highly regarded" by the Welsh government.
An astronaut has played bagpipes while he was on the International Space Centre.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" at the club.
England Under-19 midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 1-1 draw against Brondby.
A couple from Falkirk have become the first UK lottery players to win the Euromillions jackpot.
It's been a day of tragedy in the Belgian capital, Brussels.
A former Soviet soldier has appeared in court in the US in connection with an attack on US forces in Afghanistan.
Perth City Council has backed plans to turn a former concert hall in the city into a hotel.
Northern Ireland manager Mark Macphee says he is "proud" that his side have won their Euro 2016 group stage.
Badgers in England are to be vaccinated against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
One in four urinary catheters inserted in A&E are unnecessary, a leading doctor has warned.
Chelsea striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Saturday.
The Cuban government has accused a perfume company of using the names of the revolutionary leaders of the Revolution in its new colognes.
A Conservative councillor has resigned after a racist tweet was posted on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University needs to consider "specific and overarching issues" following an incident involving its medical students, a report has said.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world have visited the Auschwitz concentration camp in Germany.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
Formula 1 bosses have announced the return of refuelling for 2017, but what do they mean for the sport?
A shop in Londonderry has been hit by a stolen car.
A 21-year-old man has been found dead at his home in North Lanarkshire.
The ejector seats on a jet that crashed on to the A27 in East Sussex were not safe enough, a report has found.
There were a lot of criticisms about Narendra Modi's performance at the UN World Yoga Day in New York on Tuesday.
A collection of photographs of children playing in Liverpool's streets has gone on display.
The University of Manchester has announced plans for a new cancer research centre on the site of a hospital in Manchester.
Great Britain's James Hawkins won the men's 10,000m at the Scottish National Track Championships in Glasgow.
A fire has broken out at a Grade II listed mansion in Dumfries and Galloway.
Wolves midfielder Gylfi Bodvarsson says the club's new manager Paul Lambert has given a "clear message" about what his job is on the field.
Work has begun to demolish the former Foyle factory in Londonderry.
A man who stabbed a man to death and stole a TV, games console and a number of guitars has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a fall in half-year profits, blaming "significant progress" in its gaming business.
A town which lost its airport in 1996 is to be reunited with its residents to mark 20 years since it closed.
Two men have been rescued after a catamaran crashed into a wind turbine off the coast of Cumbria.
A lion toy has been returned to its owner after it was found in a box at a manor.
Soldiers who spent most of their time at the front in World War One were not living in trenches all the time, a study has found.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have called for sign language to be replaced with Irish or Ulster Scots.
Scientists are hoping to map the brains of babies during the final three months of pregnancy.
Wayne Rooney is England's greatest goalscorer, says former captain Frank Lampard.
The owner of a car which crashed into a shop in County Tyrone has said he is "very lucky" to be alive.
When European leaders meet in Brussels later this month, they'll be expecting a new leader.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead in a street.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has signed into law a law that allows children under the age of 15 to work to supplement the family income.
Demolition of a Denbighshire hospital has been delayed because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Wednesday, helped by a rise in commodity prices.
Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to lead a review of the student support system in Scotland.
SeaWorld has been given permission to expand its Orca Park in San Diego.
It's been a busy Christmas for the English Football League.
Derbyshire have released all three of their players, including James Milnes, Liam Lewis and Adam McKay.
The growth in the number of first-time buyers in the UK slowed in February, suggesting the downturn in the housing market is gradually exhausting itself.
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group has said he is "confident" a vote on a M4 relief road will be held.
A British soldier who died in an explosion in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Twitter is going to make it easier to take a public conversation private.
Liverpool reached the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a dramatic victory over Borussia Dortmund at Anfield.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the title track for the new James Bond film Spectre.
DUP leader Arlene Foster has said she will take legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive's chief executive.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by a shipping company.
Athletics' world governing body should take a "long, hard look" at the punishment given to Russian sprinter Tatyana Chernova for using anabolic steroids, says former world champion Martina Minichiello.
Girls and boys are to be invited to sing in Gloucester Cathedral for the first time in its history.
Great Britain's women have been knocked out of the Women's Hockey World League after losing 2-2 to North Korea in overtime.
Haiti is still reeling from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew.
Skyscanner has reported a rise in revenues for the second half of the year, helped by a focus on investing in its product.
The first all-new car factory in the West Midlands has opened.
Four men have been arrested in connection with a shooting in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the significance of the United Nations.
The value of the pound has fallen by more than a third since November, according to the Bank of England.
A new distillery in Dumfries and Galloway has been announced.
BBC Radio 1 is to move its Official Chart Show from Sunday to Friday evenings for the first time in its history.
Tens of thousands of people are dying every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will be a "dominant force" going forward if he stays fit and healthy, says former world number one Mark Henman.
Michael Higgins won the World Championship for the first time with a 10-6 victory over Mark Bingham.
Sleep deprivation is a serious problem in schools in the UK, according to a study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has been greeted by hundreds of police officers on his first day in office.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation after a former scout claimed he was sexually abused by a former Chelsea FC scout in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Powys have been submitted to the council.
Newcastle United striker Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker N'Golo Cisse have been charged with spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy has died after being injured at a party in south London.
Cardiff City midfielder David Hoilett says he was "100% ready" to work under Neil Warnock.
The RMT union has accused the Scottish government of "a fallacy" over claims that train operator Abellio is making a profit.
Malahide batsman Katie Shillington has retired from international cricket after a one-day international defeat by South Africa.
West Ham referee Mike Dean has been criticised for his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Manchester United, with former players calling him "disgraceful".
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has dropped more than 12,000 criminal cases in the past year, according to new figures.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of the FA Cup final.
Four out of seven health boards in Wales are facing a budget deficit of more than £150m, the Welsh Government has said.
South African gymnast Adam MacKenzie has returned to the country to train with a British coach.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after another woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected in April.
A man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in Iraq, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling will remain at the club "as private as possibly can be".
Parts of the UK could be hit by hot weather later this week.
A minimum price for alcohol in England and Wales would save 167,000 years of working life, a public health review has found.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from the US satire show The Daily Show.
The Scottish government has made payments totalling Â£343m to farmers and crofters, the agriculture minister has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from teaching after being convicted of driving, alcohol, drugs and fraud offences.
Fans of Nintendo's Switch console have complained of "stuck or dead pixels" in the middle of the screen.
Carl Frampton will take on Leo Santa Cruz in a world featherweight unification bout on Saturday.
A bus lane in Lancashire which has seen thousands of drivers fined for using it has been extended.
Sean Ervine hit his first County Championship century of the season as Hampshire beat Somerset by eight wickets at Taunton.
Photographer Stella O'Dowd has been working in Saudi Arabia for the past two years, photographing the country's desert landscape.
More than 5% of people accessing Google's Chrome browser have been caught out by at least one malicious extension, research suggests.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no desire" to revisit the question of becoming a republic.
Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as Newcastle beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
It is a rite of passage for many professional boxers.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and his team have been playing a game of catch-up.
A film of the life of a Tibetan monk has been screened in Dumfries.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for social care in England.
A teenager has gone on trial accused of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a tumble dryer fire has heard there is "no compelling evidence" it started.
The US Navy has banned all military personnel from drinking and driving on the Japanese island of Okinawa, after a sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
John Bercow has been elected Speaker of the House of Commons, and the Conservatives have the majority.
Gangnam Style star Psy has changed the way his video is viewed on YouTube.
Widnes Vikings maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought win over Castleford Tigers.
A Ukrainian couple have given birth to a baby using DNA from three people, according to reports.
A Cumbrian hospital trust has been placed in special measures after a review found it was not providing a good service.
Gareth O'Brien's late drop-goal gave Salford victory over Hull KR in the Super League Challenge Cup final.
Chilla Kudaberdiev is a 16-year-old Indonesian pupil at Kharisma Bangsa school in Jakarta.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship for the first time in their history after a 3-1 defeat by Nottingham Forest.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables they have tried at home, a survey suggests.
A man has died after his light aircraft crashed into a garden in Stoke-on-Trent.
A captain has been found guilty of having excess alcohol while on duty as master of a container ship in Belfast.
Mexico's central bank governor has been nominated to be the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran, the Foreign Office has announced.
Cambridge and Stevenage played out a goalless draw in League Two.
Star Wars actor Harrison Davis has said his caravan has been stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to speak at a charity dinner in Scotland later this month.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that a ban on the wearing of full face veils in Belgium was justifiable.
A man has appeared in court charged with the display of a banner at Celtic's Scottish Cup win over Rangers.
A shopper hit a woman over the head with a packet of bacon in Greater Manchester, police have said.
In the middle of a street in Bolivia's capital, La Paz, a small box of film fragments was found.
The US Federal Reserve has said it expects interest rates to rise by 0.25% in December.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has been asked to stand down as the party's candidate in the general election.
Do you know how to become a WWE Superstar?
The popular mobile game Flappy Bird has been taken offline.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Brighton for a protest against the rising number of people drowning in the sea.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to help the Queen in her duties as head of state of the Caribbean.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Milos Raonic to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been cleared of murdering his girlfriend by hitting a toilet door with a cricket bat, a court has heard.
The World War Two conflict in Afghanistan has been described as one of the most devastating in the history of the country.