More one-bedroom flats could be built in Wales to help homeless people, a charity has said.
A man has been arrested in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition in Edinburgh.
Four black people have appeared in court in Chicago accused of beating a black teenager in a video made for Facebook Live.
West Brom's youth academy director Michael O'Shea has left the club by mutual consent.
A "fasting-mimicking" diet can reverse the progression of type 1 and type 2 diabetes, according to US scientists.
Should there be an anti-monopoly inquiry into the proposed merger of Essilor and Luxottica?
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Class programme.
When Kareem Badr opened his first stand-up comedy club in Austin, Texas in 2009 it was the only improv theatre in the US.
When BT announced on Tuesday that it would be splitting up from its parent company, Ofcom shareholders reacted with shock.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers admits he may need a taxi to get to Hampden for Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of undergraduate and postgraduate places by 1,000 over the next three years.
The East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust has apologised for an "administrative error" that led to incorrect patient information leaflets being sent out.
The shadow foreign secretary has defended Labour's stance on the draft Brexit bill, amid claims some frontbenchers could quit if they refuse to back it.
Torquay United captain Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Shane O'Kane to Bournemouth.
The death of a man whose body was found in the Menai Strait could have been caused by a visit by a police officer, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have extended the loan spell of Leicester City striker Jordan Taylor-Fletcher until the end of the season.
An ex-Nasa chief scientist says it would be an "enormous disservice" to the US scientific community to block access to government data on climate change.
Tributes have been paid to The Specials drummer Brad Bradbury, who has died at the age of 69.
World number one Tiger Woods is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Former England striker Geraint Cole has warned he faces a "long road ahead" if he fails to receive a kidney transplant.
Internet service providers in Pakistan have been told to block access to YouTube, following a deal with Google.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half James Benjamin will miss the rest of the Premiership season because of a knee injury.
Olympic cycling gold medallist Ben Doull says it was "unbelievable" to become the fourth Welsh athlete to win an Olympic medal.
More than 100 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
Pictures courtesy Nevis Range and Hamish Frost.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined 1.5bn Hong Kong dollars (£1.6bn) by the city's securities regulator for its role in rigging foreign exchange rates.
It's been an eventful night at the Baftas.
When Andy Murray announced he would retire from tennis at the end of the season, it was widely expected that he would end the year on a high.
Police in South Africa have arrested two men on suspicion of murder after a rap star was shot dead in the capital on Sunday.
A shot has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, prompting an investigation by police.
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill produced a disappointing performance on the second day of the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Austria.
The former Virgin Racing team has gone into administration.
The number of candidates standing in next month's Northern Ireland Assembly election is down slightly from last year.
What do you think about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100?
An Auckland teenager has been crowned Alternative Model of the Year.
Plans to relocate a statue of a Falklands War veteran to a new museum have been approved by Portsmouth City Council.
A British citizen has appeared in court charged with breaching anti-terror measures, the BBC has learned.
Former Sussex seam bowler Paul Anyon has been appointed head coach of the women's side.
League One side Bury have re-signed midfielder Josh Brown on a one-month loan deal from Shrewsbury Town.
When it comes to adapting classic fairy tales for the big screen, it's not always easy.
The Eurovision Song Contest is taking place in Kiev this weekend.
The first time The Beatles played at the Cavern Club in Liverpool, it was in 1972.
South Africa's government has proposed raising the national minimum wage to 12,000 rand (Â£7,500).
The death of Ethiopia's long-serving leader, Meles Zenawi, in the capital, Addis Ababa, on Monday is the latest in a series of high-profile political developments in the Horn region.
Azhar Ali became the first player to hit 1,000 Test runs as Australia took control of the second Test against Pakistan in Melbourne.
The SNP and Scottish Labour have won the Midlothian West by-election.
Russia has said it will continue air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo if the US does not agree to co-operate.
Scarlets have re-signed Wales internationals Liam Hughes and Rhys Evans ahead of the 2017 World Championships.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia over alleged interference in last year's presidential election.
The Labour Party's plan to scrap tuition fees in England will cost the government more than £11.2bn per year, according to analysis by the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
The final day of work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show crash will be Friday, the fire service has said.
The director of the US Central Intelligence Agency has said he is willing to share information he does not know with the president.
The White House has denied reports that the Obamas hosted a private dinner in New York attended by celebrities including Prince and Steve Wonder.
The following roads in County Tyrone have been closed in the past 24 hours due to safety concerns.
Too many of us struggle with mental health problems, such as anxiety, depression and panic attacks.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has agreed to return to the US to write a sequel to the classic novel.
The US and Russia have suspended talks aimed at improving the situation in Syria, the US State Department has said.
London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan has become the first Muslim mayor of a European city.
The children of a West Sussex church have written a song for its new vicar in a bid to find a "cheery disposition".
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury suffered in Sunday's Premier League win over Everton.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen has died in hospital, police say.
A passenger plane has been hit by a drone near its final approach to an airport.
A seal has been rescued after it became entangled in netting at an Aberdeenshire beach.
The life of one of the world's most famous authors has been revealed in an archive of letters and sketches.
Leeds City Council's John Roache has been elected general secretary of the GMB union.
"I'd rather die than have to do it," says Laura, describing her new album, Kiss My Feet, as we arrive at the BBC Radio 1 studios in Kent.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still be a Premier League player.
Exeter City made a pre-tax profit of more than £1m in 2014-15, according to the club's accounts.
Paralympic silver medallist Abdullah Hayayei has died after being struck by a metal pole during a training session.
Scottish business confidence remains positive, according to a new survey.
A public inquiry into allegations police spied on the family of an animal rights activist has begun, Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand won the Webb Ellis trophy for the second time in three years with a thrilling victory over South Africa at De Allende.
Ground-penetrating radar is being used to "understand" why an 18th Century obelisk has been damaged by lightning twice in its history.
Inditex, the world's second-biggest clothing retailer, has reported record profits for the six months to the end of July.
Lady Gaga's Super Bowl half-time performance will take place in Houston, Texas, on Sunday.
Victims of child sexual exploitation in Rochdale are still not being listened to, a victim has said.
An Aberdeenshire department store has been forced to close because of flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
A growing number of comments on the US government's net neutrality website appear to have been hijacked to make them look more authentic.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club need to rebuild its facilities if they are to compete at the highest level.
Moana has topped the US box office on its first weekend of release.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Miami Open with a straight-set win over Laura Robson.
Two men have been taken to hospital following a serious assault in Londonderry.
Scientists in France say they have identified a species of bat that carried the deadly Ebola virus in the case of four-year-old Emile, a Guinean boy who died in 2014.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he is unsure if his wife will be able to attend this year's World Championship.
Plans to demolish a section of Swansea Pier have been approved by the city council.
Campaigners opposing the construction of flats at Oxford University have launched a legal challenge to the decision.
The head of a school trust in South Gloucestershire has written to parents to warn them of possible cuts to the school day.
Plans to create new national parks in West Africa have been criticised by campaigners.
Human remains have been found on the M54 slip road in the West Midlands, police have said.
Colombia's Aleksander Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's middleweight with a unanimous points victory over Russia's Yuliya Martinez.
University support staff in England are set to stage a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate plans to close two primary schools in East Dunbartonshire.
Japan legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract extension with Torquay United.
Security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir have clashed with protesters marking the 200th anniversary of the death of a leading militant.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union there has been a lot of discussion about how central banks might respond to the fallout from the vote.
Sale Sharks full-back Nick Easter will leave the Premiership club at the end of the season to take up a teaching position.
The death of some patients at a mental health ward in north Wales may have been a contributory factor, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
A 32-year-old Londonderry man who inflicted "gratuitous violence" on two strangers has been jailed.
Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after testing positive for a banned substance during pre-menstrual periods.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiring to supply cocaine worth more than £100,000.
Transport officers south of the border will be able to use Tasers when confronted with a genuine threat, Police Scotland has said.
Finance company ID Systems has secured a £2.5m loan and equity backing from UKSE which will help fund the firm's expansion plans.
One of the Brazilian footballers who died in a plane crash in Colombia last week has been discharged from hospital and is expected to be discharged this weekend.
Comedian Peter Robinson has criticised Highways England's plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge as "old-fashioned".
Everton booked their place in the Europa League group stage with a comfortable victory over Wolfsburg.
Bristol Rovers defender Chris Bishop has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner.
It's been described as one of the worst cancers in men, and it's estimated that one in three men will die of the disease in their lifetime.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Wasps came from behind to beat bottom-of-the-table Worcester.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the capital Tunis, officials say.
The destruction of Mosul airport by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants has been described as a major setback for Iraqi forces in their battle against the jihadists.
The main rail line between London and Reading is expected to be closed for more than two weeks to allow for major redevelopment work.
An oil and gas company has been granted a permit for exploratory drilling in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Online retail giant Amazon has announced that sales made through its subsidiaries in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy will now be registered in the EU.
Junior doctors in England are to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United midfielder Jake Kenny has signed a one-year contract extension, keeping him at Goodison Park until the summer of 2019.
An East Lothian college has been awarded more than £3m in grants from the Department for Education.
The father of ex-footballer Jeff Astle is to hold a meeting with the Football Association to discuss head injuries and concussions.
The average wealth gap between the rich and the poor is about $50m (Â£40m), according to one of the world's leading financial advisers.
Sale Sharks and England Under-20 back row duo Tom and Tom Jones have signed new contracts.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a woman in Glasgow city centre.
Egypt and other Arab countries have failed to reach a deal on nuclear disarmament after a last-ditch review of the treaty.
Plans to devolve control over fracking in Wales are contrary to the UK government's approach, the Welsh government has said.
When Tyson Fury says he will pull out of his world heavyweight title rematch with Bermane Stiverne on Saturday because of depression, it is hard not to think of him as an idiot.
England head coach Eddie Jones is expected to announce his final 23-man squad for the autumn Tests on Friday.
Hundreds of paintings by a World War One Fusilier have gone on display for the first time.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football is "not a surprise", according to former Celtic manager Neil Lennon.
A buzzard which got stuck in a fence in County Durham has been released back into the wild.
Workers at Crown Post Offices in London are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay, pensions and pensions.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has said he would rather go to the SDLP or Sinn FÃ©in than the DUP.
Drugs with an estimated street value of more than £500,000 have been seized in County Londonderry.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said there is a "great opportunity" for a united Ireland after Brexit.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has urged his players to keep their "feet on the ground" as the League Two club enter the new season.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of demands imposed on Qatar by four Arab states over its alleged links to terrorism.
UKIP leadership candidate Ched Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader.
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, have arrested a taxi driver on suspicion of raping a female passenger.
When Wales' team reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016 in Lyon, their fans were still singing the national anthem.
Renfrewshire has been named as the 10 most deprived areas in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Liam Cassells and Paul Scrimgeour qualified for Saturday's lightweight double sculls final at the Rotterdam International Rowing Championships.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of former Kirkcaldy and Airdrieonians midfielder James Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
Substitute James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to deny Francesco Guidolin his first win in charge of Swansea City.
The Irish Rugby Board (IRB) has announced that Sam Chalmers, the son of one of our finest ever players, has been found guilty of doping.
T in the Park is to return to Strathallan this weekend for its second year in a row, organisers have announced.
The White House has urged North Korea to refrain from "irresponsible provocations" that aggravate regional tension, after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor.
Human bones have been found during a search for a man who has been missing for more than 30 years.
The 'Mad Doctor' wants to make Salford the biggest rugby league club in the country within three to four years.
Cecilia and Isobel Joyce led Ireland to victory over Zimbabwe in their Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier Group B match.
The daughter of a man who died after being mistakenly fed a pill at a hospital in Essex has called for urgent improvement.
Britain's Mark Cavendish secured a place in the last eight of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Paris.
More than £100m is to be allocated to emergency departments and waiting lists in Northern Ireland.
The twins of Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss have launched a fresh legal challenge against Facebook, accusing the social network's founder Mark Zuckerberg of misleading them.
A 15-year-old girl has been knocked down and killed by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known spies.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Dundee United striker Ryan Stewart on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
A former soldier has been arrested by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) as part of an inquiry into phone-hacking allegations.
A Glasgow care home has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors for its quality of care and support.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life in north London.
More than 50,000 properties in Lancashire have been left without power after a substation went offline.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes on a former horse racing track have been thrown out by a High Court judge.
Councillors have called for compensation for businesses damaged by the new Valu-4-U ferry at Cowes.
Lille have completed the signing of Tunisia midfielder Asamoah Sliti for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been visiting the International Space Station in Kazakhstan.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A civilian aircraft has made an emergency landing at Prestwick Airport in North Ayrshire.
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences have been granted more time to appear in court.
The 2016 European Championship kicks off in France on Friday, 8 June and the final will take place on 10 July.
Great Britain will face Greece in their final warm-up game before the start of EuroBasket 2017 in London on Friday.
Australia reached the World Rugby Under-20 Championship quarter-finals for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Wales.
Scotland's players want to give Vern Cotter a "good send-off" before Saturday's opening day Six Nations match against Ireland, according to South African flanker Dan Strauss.
Gen David Petraeus, the former CIA director who led US forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, has called for a radicalisation of the Iraqi military.
Email addresses, phone numbers and phone numbers have been stolen from the website of the City of Edinburgh Council.
Syrian rebel forces say they are preparing to start the "battle" against government forces in response to the cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, one of the world's largest photo-sharing sites, has announced that it will begin advertising on its site.
Dexter Hall has been nominated for this year's Hyundai Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been found not guilty of sexual assault and misconduct in public office.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called for cross-party consensus on the UK's departure from the European Union.
Relatives of those who died in the Hillsborough disaster have called on the home secretary to introduce a "Hillsborough Law".
Trolls who post "grossly offensive" images of themselves and their children could face prosecution under new laws.
In the early hours of Sunday morning in Indian-administered Kashmir, seven-year-old Faizan was playing cricket with friends when he was shot dead by security forces.
A 75-year-old woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck in Gwynedd.
Four bids have been shortlisted to run the rail network in south Wales as part of the Welsh Government's plans for the Metro.
BBC Scotland presenter and traditional Scottish music presenter Robbie MacQuarrie is to step down at the end of this weekend.
Carlisle United manager Chris Coleman has criticised League Two's decision to allow his side to play away games at other grounds.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested in connection with a suspicious package left behind after a training exercise at Old Trafford.
League One side Accrington Stanley reached the EFL Cup third round for the first time after beating League Two side Preston North End in extra time.
A man who went to pick up his tools at a cat charity shop has said he was offered £100 by a magazine and £50 by a dog charity shop.
Kirsty Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after pleading guilty to bank fraud.
Books of condolence have been opened in the Irish city of Limerick in memory of broadcaster Sir Terry Wogan.
Scottish political parties have called for assurances over the future of orders for new frigates at the Clyde shipyards.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and his rivals sparred for more than two hours on the floor of the US Senate on Thursday.
Ukraine has beaten Russia and Australia to win the Eurovision Song Contest.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at a beach on the bank holiday after five men drowned there last year.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Osman says he would be "disappointed" to see Alan Archibald leave the club.
Police in Canada say they have arrested 10 suspected members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in connection with their decision to leave the country.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed West Bromwich Albion midfielder Jack Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS is not very good at clawing back money it is owed by foreign nationals visiting the UK, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved to within three points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils by beating Braehead Clan 4-3 on Tuesday night.
One of Britain's longest-running steam locomotives, the Great Western Railway, is set to return to the East Coast.
The former head of a boys' boarding school in East Yorkshire has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the US and Canada box office in its opening weekend.
Katie Williamson says she has "no memories" of a crash at the World Championships in Rotterdam which left her paralysed.
The gap between men and women living to the age of 87 in the UK could widen in the next 20 years, according to new research.
The chief executive of England and Wales' police and crime commissioners has resigned after appearing on Question Time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Stephen King looks at China's debt problems.
Plans to build London's first super-sewer tunnel have been criticised by one of the city's leading academics.
The operator of a Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures on fish.
Sale Sharks have re-signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors for next season.
A Chinese Eastern Airlines flight from Sydney to Hong Kong was forced to make an emergency landing after a hole appeared in its engine casing.
A mother-of-three who was refused permission to stay in the UK because her husband earns less than her has said she is "very hopeful" she will be allowed to stay.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic youth coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight could help Scotland's youth development.
The electoral commission in Democratic Republic of Congo has named former opposition leader Joseph Kabila as its new leader.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as promotion-chasing Wycombe beat promotion rivals Exeter.
Journalists at Australia's largest newspaper publisher have gone on strike in a row over job cuts.
Teenage jockey Marquand could be a champion jockey one day, according to his trainer Richard Hannon.
Peace talks between Colombia and the Farc rebel group are to resume in December, after the last round of talks ended without agreement.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association over the conduct of midfielder Nasser Akpan.
Octopuses appear to display a "dark-coloured" stance, according to a new study.
Defending champion Laura Robson has signed a contract extension until the end of the 2016 season.
Human rights workers in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they are concerned about the number of bodies buried at a cemetery near the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint former Southampton manager Ronald Koeman as their new manager, reports BBC Radio 5 live.
When it comes to building new homes in England, there is always going to be one or the other.
The Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) says it has carried out an attack on a police station in northern Iraq that left four people dead.
The body of a missing teenager has been found in woods in North Lanarkshire.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi is the world's most expensive player, according to a new study.
Solar Impulse, the world's largest aeroplane, has left its home port in China.
A police and crime commissioner who was suspended after visiting the family of a murdered teenager has been cleared of wrongdoing.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 74.
Paul McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-0 victory over Ukraine at Euro 2016 was a "wonderful team performance".
Lawyers for victims of the Troubles are to take their legal challenge to Brexit to the Supreme Court.
The daughter of a mother and daughter who were stabbed to death in Birmingham has spoken of her "devastation" at not being able to see them again.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the case of a US man detained in North Korea.
South Korea's education minister says he is "deeply regret" after a mistake in one of the questions on this year's national high school test.
Rugby league club All Golds are seeking a permanent home in Gloucestershire.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to "isolate and ostracise" him from his family.
Britain's Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been added to the line-up for this year's Tour of Britain.
The chief executive of a cancer charity has pleaded guilty to fraud charges.
A Dalit woman in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has said she was beaten up with a sari, a stick and a stick by her relatives.
Turkey has summoned the US ambassador over comments that it is on a "terror war" with Kurdish forces in northern Syria.
Mae gyd-esgobion yr Eglwys yng Nghymru wedi cael ei gweld adre na thu hwnt gan yr Esgob Llanelwy, yn ôl a pheidio rheoli'r broses.
Toshiba, the world's biggest producer of electronics, is in talks with banks to raise funds, according to media reports.
England will "lose 2-0" on the final day of the first Test against Pakistan, according to pace bowler James Anderson.
British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland says he was "disappointed" by Henry Ford's omission from his side for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have completed the signing of Northern Ireland midfielder James Hodson on loan until the end of the season.
The Croick Decanter has been donated to an Inverness museum to mark the 200th anniversary of the Highland Clearance.
A drug addict has been jailed for life after stabbing a pensioner to death at his home in Northern Ireland.
The illegal sale of guns and ammunition on the dark web has reached record levels, according to a new report.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A former reality TV star who used to be the world's heaviest has been flown back to the UK.
Drug-resistant prostate cancer can be treated with a new class of drugs, say scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research.
The European Champions League will be played on the same night as the Europa League last 16, Uefa has announced.
The practice of female genital mutilation (FGM) should be banned in schools across the UK, a teachers' group has said.
Police are investigating the rape of a woman in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City must find someone who will "get them out of trouble" if they are to return to the Premier League, according to ex-captain Alan Curtis.
Welsh students studying in higher education in Wales have repaid more than half of their student loans in 2017-18.
Italian police say they have arrested a man suspected of pretending to be a pilot of a foreign airline on a flight from Munich to Turin.
People coming to the UK as husbands and wives should have a basic command of English before applying for a visa, David Cameron has said.
The number of children in working families in Wales living in poverty is at record levels, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers who travel to their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day should be paid.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the outbreak of the Ebola virus in West Africa.
(Close): London's benchmark share index has fallen for the ninth day in a row, dragged down by falling oil prices and a sharp sell-off in China.
The family of a County Tyrone schoolgirl who was murdered by her killer has appealed for information about prisoners who are serving life sentences.
The former prime minister of Chechnya has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a video appeared to show him in a sniper's pose.
Louis van Gaal may have joked that his team-mates were the reason why he picked three centre-backs for Saturday's 1-1 draw with Arsenal.
Scottish craft brewer BrewDog has raised more than £50m in the United States as part of plans to expand its business in the US.
Workers at Tata Steel in the UK have agreed to accept changes to their pension scheme in return for it remaining open.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of the K-cup coffee pods, is being taken over by a private company.
A university has apologised after an image of Jennifer Lawrence wishing she had used a password on her phone was posted online.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter has admitted his side did not start the season well enough to warrant an international call-up.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side are one win away from equalling the club's all-time record of 33 Scottish Premiership wins.
Hundreds of unfinished student accommodation at the University of Aberdeen will not be ready for the start of the academic year.
A Northern Ireland council has said it is "really, really disappointed" by the absence of a Paw Patrol character at the Christmas lights switch-on.
Former Aston Villa boss Colin Calderwood has joined Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion on a two-year contract.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says being dropped from the British and Irish Lions squad has given him "extra incentive".
England beat Scotland 13-6 at Twickenham in the Six Nations.
Great Britain missed out on a place in the final of the Olympic men's 4x100m relay at Rio 2016.
Police have launched an investigation after a double-decker bus was involved in a collision with a car in Fife.
An 18-year-old man has died after being hit by a forklift in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says she has been inspired by former world champion Virgil Ward as she prepares for her professional debut.
It's 70 years since the first atomic bomb was detonated in Hiroshima, Japan.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Michael Drumm has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with fraud and money laundering.
Malagasy singer Lala Njava is one of Africa's best-known musicians.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate, says her country needs to do more to help the Rohingya Muslim minority.
When I first met Ivan Lendl a few years ago, I didn't expect to get a hug from him.
Teenagers from the age of 16 to 17 are calling for the lowering of the voting age in the UK.
Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff is looking forward to the second round of this year's Russian Grand Prix, which will see him battle Nico Rosberg and Fernando Alonso for the world title.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, a study suggests.
Three adults and two children have been rescued from an Avon beach by firefighters.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he has changed his mind on a bill which would make assisted suicide legal in England and Wales.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision" and a "wrong decision", says Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh say they have no choice but to start the search for survivors of Wednesday's deadly garment factory collapse in the capital Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic lifted the Scottish Cup for the first time with a 1-0 victory over Aberdeen at Hampden.
The death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive polonium 210, has been described as one of the most remarkable and sensitive murder cases in modern times.
A north Wales health board has been fined £154,054 by the auditor general over its handling of an organ donation challenge.
An 86-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi.
A man is to stand trial accused of helping victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu considers the challenges facing Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been told he must demolish it or face jail.
The first trams have opened to the public in Nottingham after years of delays caused by the construction of two new stations.
Vans used as part of a DIY SOS project have been stolen in a spate of thefts, the BBC has said.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss for 2015 as the price of oil continued to fall.
EE and Vodafone are the best mobile network operators in the UK, according to a study.
A homeless man who stole a rollercoaster in Dumfries in a bid to get home from a night out drinking has been given a community sentence.
The demolition of Vila Uniao, a neighbourhood in Rio de Janeiro that has been blighted for more than two years, has finally been completed.
The operator of one of the UK's oldest nuclear reactors is to be allowed to exceed safety limits for the first time.
The man who shot and killed Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe earlier this month has been described as a "sick in the head" by some people in the UK.
Bottles of Lagavulin Scotch Whisky have gone on sale to help celebrate the island's 200th anniversary.
Hugh Hockney, the artist who died after taking acid at his home, has told an inquest how the acid burned his mouth, tongue and throat.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has made history by becoming the first athlete to win a medal at an Olympic Games.
A flight from Edinburgh to Chicago was forced to make an emergency landing due to a fuel leak.
Organisers of the Great City Games in Manchester have said they remain "very concerned" about the threat posed by the global terrorism threat.
The government spent £8.3bn to convert 203 state schools in England into academies in the two years to March 2012, according to a new report.
When Russell Knox arrived at Royal Birkdale for the Scottish Open, he was greeted with a mixture of excitement and relief.
The mother of Charlene Downes, who disappeared 13 years ago, is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over its handling of her daughter's disappearance.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, is being questioned by police in Brazil over allegations of improper ticketing during the Rio Olympics.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
The draw for the first round of the EFL Cup has been revised following "technical issues".
A baby pygmy marmoset that was stolen from a zoo in Australia last week has been reunited with its mother.
Women spies are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has described the Westminster terror attack as a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Jones has announced she has given birth to a baby girl.
A lorry driver has been jailed for seven years for causing the deaths of two men by dangerous driving.
A Belfast woman who underwent gender identity surgery at the age of 69 has spoken of her relief after finally being able to live as a woman.
Astronomers say they have discovered the first gas giant planet ever discovered.
Thousands of anti-Nato campaigners have set up camp in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit in the city.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged hacking of Kate Middleton's iCloud account.
Police in London and Cambridgeshire are investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against Polish nationals following the EU referendum result.
Former Scarlets centre Rob McCusker has joined Ospreys on loan until the end of the season.
Gunmen have opened fire on a motorcade carrying more than 250,000 euros (£200,000; $300,000) in cash and documents from the Saudi embassy in Paris.
The phrase 'woman in a man's world' is an apt one.
More than 2,600 telephone customers and broadband customers in Orkney had to be evacuated due to problems with a radio transmitter.
Pupils at a convent school will not be able to attend this year's prom because of "unacceptable pressure", it has been claimed.
Mohamed al-Hussein has arrived in the Turkish city of Edirne by boat.
Former Charlton Athletic chief executive Paul Porter has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted to being "crystal-faced" during the State of the Union speech last month.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has announced he will step down at the end of the year.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of spending millions of pounds on "personal attacks" on election candidates on social media.
Police have appealed for information about a taxi driver they want to speak to in connection with an attempted kidnap in Derbyshire.
An award-winning food truck has opened its doors to former gang members who are seeking a second chance in life.
A man who raped a woman more than 20 years ago is being hunted by police in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at the city's police headquarters.
A paedophile has been jailed for 13 years for sexually abusing a 13-year-old boy on Facebook.
Samantha is set to become the first Briton ever to set foot on the International Space Station (ISS).
A Green Party councillor has been warned she faces a High Court injunction if she continues to protest against tree removal works in Sheffield.
Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas says he is "completely behind" boss Sir Dave Brailsford.
Snap, the messaging app owned by Snapchat, has revealed details about its new augmented reality glasses.
Guinea-Bissau have confirmed that they have reached an agreement with the African Football Confederation (AfCF) over bonuses they received for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations.
David Cameron has called for more grammar schools to be allowed to expand to include satellite campuses in Kent.
Teenager Niclas Eliasson scored a stoppage-time winner as Bristol City came from behind to beat Watford.
Prisoners who were locked in their cells for three days have been ordered to leave the prison.
England Test captain Joe Root says coach Peter Moores has given him "the best" of his career.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann has vowed to keep his belief in the League One play-offs intact.
A public inquiry is to be held into plans to build more than 1,000 homes on the site of a former railway station.
Work to stabilise a railway line which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against by putting a monkey on a colleague's desk has reached a settlement with the Metropolitan Police.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he wants security officials to kill journalists if they "do anything wrong".
A surfer has died after being attacked by a great white shark in Western Australia.
A man has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following a kayak accident at an RNLI station in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's fastest growing economies, and one of the world's fastest-growing.
There is "no other realistic candidate" for the "many and terrible injuries" that led to the death of a toddler, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen hailed his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat St Johnstone.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his ex-girlfriend.
A fire-fighter and a paramedic have given a man a "kiss-of-life" after rescuing him from a crushed car.
More than 1,500 new armed police officers will be in place in England and Wales by 2017, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial new electoral law aimed at overhauling the country's system.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rally in banking shares.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a three-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Double Paralympic gold medallists Katie Peacock and Hannah Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the IPC Athletics World Championships in London.
An Afghan man who says he was sexually assaulted by his wife says the country's president has promised to investigate the case.
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend's house and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for three years.
Jonathan Trott hit a career-best century as Warwickshire held Somerset to a draw on day three of their County Championship match.
Mickey Demetriou scored the only goal of the game as Newport County beat Yeovil Town at Rodney Parade.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England opened their World Cup campaign with victory over Guinea.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of a UKIP van in her constituency of Rochester and Strood.
The Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter is suing Universal Music and A&M Records in a dispute over royalties from digital downloads.
A delegation of Scottish oil and gas firms has arrived in the United States for a trade mission to Myanmar.
Parc Cadeau Church in the Dominican Republic is one of the poorest places in Latin America and is home to tens of thousands of returning Haitians.
Plans to double the number of primary and secondary schools in Surrey have been approved.
Nelson Linganzi has signed his first professional contract with Portsmouth.
Sean Henderson and Tommy Bowe will miss Ulster's Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday.
Plans to turn a Brecon Beacons pub into a convenience store have been approved by councillors.
Ballymena United fought back from two goals down to earn a narrow win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott is facing calls to do more to deal with refugees from the Middle East.
The Scottish government's decision to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops is "political and not based on any informed scientific assessment of risk", according to scientists and academics.
A primary school has been accused of breaking the Equality Act by refusing to allow a four-year-old girl to wear a headscarf.
A Dundee man has been jailed for six months for fraudulently claiming more than £39,000 in benefits.
A man has been found guilty of killing his great-grandfather in a suspected hit-and-run accident in Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
As we prepare to play our final Women's Super League game of the season in Canada on Saturday, we will be looking forward to seeing if we can break the record for the biggest crowd in the country.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said it would be "difficult" for Sir David Attenborough to return to frontline politics.
Jose Mourinho says his Manchester United side "wanted and expected" to beat "one of the biggest clubs in the world".
A review into the quality of life and care of older people in Wales is to be launched.
S4C has announced the appointment of David Evans as its new chief executive.
Mae etholiad cyffredinol arwyddocaol wedi bod yn cael eu gorau i lesteirio amserlen y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd, Theresa May.
An Oxford University team is launching an investigation into claims of as-yet undescribed human remains.
Liverpool midfielder Mamadou Sakho's case against the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) for failing to detect a banned substance has been dismissed by Uefa.
The UK should regulate genetically modified (GM) crops based on their individual benefits and risks, according to a report.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned remarks made by Israel's deputy chief of staff about the Holocaust.
An investigation into the future of Welsh broadcaster S4C is under way, the Welsh Office has said.
The main railway line between Edinburgh and Glasgow is to be closed as part of major engineering work.
Liverpool are in talks with a United States consortium to buy the club, according to the club's owner Sheikh Hasawi.
This year's GCSE results in England, Wales and Northern Ireland show a slight dip in the proportion of top A* to C grades.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of a possible global economic slowdown and a sudden pull-back in capital flows.
Texas Governor Rick Perry has said he will not take part in a Fox News debate in the Republican presidential nomination race.
Leicester Tigers wing Ellis Genge has extended his loan spell from Bristol until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 jobs could be lost at the DVLA in Swansea as a result of the introduction of a direct debit scheme, the transport minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes believes better wickets are the only way they can get runs in the County Championship.
If you're in Silicon Valley and want to find out what it's like to live next door to Facebook HQ, you might want to look elsewhere.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with causing the death by dangerous driving by dangerous means of a knife at a school in Aberdeen.
Walsall have re-signed Carlisle United left-back Matt Smith for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Three men have been jailed after a teenager was stabbed to death at a Notting Hill Carnival.
As the final ceremony of the Olympic and Paralympic Games was held in Olympic Park on Sunday night, BBC Newsnight took a look at the spirit of the event.
The Sykes-Picot map marks the end of one of the Middle East's longest-running conflicts.
Celtic winger Callum Roberts says he is relishing his first proper season playing men's football after signing a new contract with the club.
Premier League clubs have more than doubled their spending on agents' fees for the 2016-17 season, according to new figures.
League Two side Colchester United have re-signed former Watford and Charlton goalkeeper Matt Gilmartin and ex-Huddersfield Town defender James Brill.
Dingledine, the man behind the Tor project, has a reputation for being an outspoken critic of what he sees as the dangers of anonymity.
A man killed his elderly wife at their home, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" at half-time on Sunday night as his Scotland team drew 2-2 with Malta at Hampden.
Bury extended their lead at the top of League One to seven points with victory over struggling Coventry.
The Australian government says it has negotiated the return of 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers from Vietnam to Australia.
Marc Marquez won his second MotoGP title of the season with victory in a thrilling finish at Jerez.
Olympic coxless champion Katie Glover says she hopes she and Polly Swann can "click into place" at the World Championships in Amsterdam in August.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of abandoning the party's commitment to fairness.
China's industrial production grew at its slowest pace in more than three years in April, according to official figures.
If you want to know what the future holds for computers, you might want to look at Microsoft's research labs.
The results of the Welsh general election have been announced.
Plymouth Argyle have extended the contracts of Reading striker Aaron Tshibola and Mansfield Town midfielder James Bingham until the end of the season.
Voting has begun in the Merseyside general election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Bangor, County Down, in a bid to raise awareness of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer has announced plans to close its factory in Yeovil, putting hundreds of jobs at risk.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping and assaulting a woman in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the island of Rockall as its territory in 1955.
One of Liverpool's best-known musicians has been recognised for his contribution to the city's cultural life.
League Two side Alfreton Town have signed midfielder Ryan Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has set out its vision for the future of bioenergy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is warning that the Tories may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending if they win the general election.
Sophie Raworth is joining the line-up of presenters on BBC Two's Watchdog.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) says it will take legal action if a member of Fifa's electoral committee has a conflict of interest.
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a schoolgirl more than 40 years ago.
The BBC spent more than £5bn on licence fees over the past two years, according to the corporation.
World number one Ding Junhui produced a stunning display to beat world number one Mark Williams 10-6 and reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US says it will continue to press Bahrain on its human rights concerns.
A ticket signed by The Beatles at one of their most famous gigs in 1967 is to be auctioned.
More needs to be done to ensure care leavers in England get the support they need, say MPs.
Schools and colleges must promote "fundamental British values", according to a teachers' union.
A body has been found in the search for a Gwynedd man who has been missing for more than a week.
Benedict Cumberbatch is a huge supporter of diversity in the film industry, according to Oscar-nominated actor David Oyelowo.
Vulnerable people in care homes and care homes in England and Wales are being deprived of their liberty unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher, the former prime minister of England and Wales, helped usher in a new era of prosperity for millions of Britons.
BP and GDF Suez have discovered a new oil and gas field in the Central and Southern North Sea.
Red Bull have rejected a potential engine deal with Mercedes because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive in Formula 1.
A US cruise ship has docked in the Gulf of Mexico for the last time after passengers complained of filthy conditions on board.
Harlequins reached the semi-finals of the European Challenge Cup for the first time in their history as they came from behind to beat London Irish.
Guernsey's Planning Department has launched a public consultation on the potential for more than 1,000 new homes and businesses in the island.
Slumdog Millionaire will be screened at the Kingussie Food on Film Festival later.
James Trescothick and Chris Trego both hit centuries as Somerset fought back against Middlesex on day two of their One-Day Cup match.
Allegations of a "Trojan Horse" plot to impose an "intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos" in schools in Birmingham were part of a wider investigation, a leaked report says.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been hit by power cuts.
In the northern Vietnamese city of Hanoi, a mother handed over a cash gift for eye treatment to the medical staff at a provincial hospital.
Argentina is to prosecute three British oil companies for illegally drilling in the Falkland Islands.
Former Saracens internationals Mako Vunipola and Billy Slater have been remembered as "big lads" by the club's former chairman.
One of Italy's oldest women has died at the age of 112.
Scarlets have the edge over Racing 92 in the European Champions Cup, according to Scarlets scrum-half Jonny Owens.
Widnes kept alive their hopes of a Super League play-off place with victory over St Helens.
An amateur boxer who was ineligible to compete for Team Wales because of her past has said she would never return to the sport.
Maria Sharapova returned to the top of the women's rankings with victory at the Stuttgart Open.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the second round of Wimbledon for the first time with a straight-set victory over Kei Nishikori.
Falkirk manager Neil Houston is keen to strengthen his squad for next season by bringing in another striker.
French President Francois Hollande has called for the EU to be "simple, clear, to be effective where it is needed" and to withdraw from "where it is not necessary".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" as he launched his party's general election campaign.
There is "no room for cheese paring" if Theresa May becomes prime minister, she has said.
Councils in England are to get a quarter of a billion pounds in government funding for weekly bin collections.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the remains of some of the world's earliest "geoglyphs".
Shaul Walsh kicked a last-gasp try as Hull FC came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons in the Challenge Cup first round.
Hollywood actor Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal, Metal Knight.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took charge of Cardiff City in the summer of 2014, he was widely regarded as the club's new manager.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the "tough" start to the Premier League season that saw his side drop to the bottom of the table.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Williams has been re-elected.
The Queen has been spotted dining out at an Inn in North Lanarkshire for the first time.
Stephen Copoc worked as a gardener and gardener at Sudley Hall in Speke, Liverpool, from 1968 until his death at Hillsborough.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for the murder of a transgender woman.
Scottish tennis players should be banned from the sport if they are found to be involved in match-fixing, according to Ian Fleming.
The US military is considering transferring Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison for treatment of gender dysphoria, US media report.
David Cameron and Iain Duncan Smith are set to meet in Downing Street later to discuss the fallout from the surprise resignation of the shadow work and pensions secretary.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the South Korea Open in the second round.
For many of us who grew up in the South American country of Sao Paulo in the 1970s and 80s, it meant spending time with family and friends.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Kyle McClean for an undisclosed fee.
A leading children's author has warned that Disney has become the most powerful company in the world.
More than 437,070 students have been accepted on to university courses through clearing, the latest figures show.
Increasing the use of phosphorus fertiliser on grasslands in the developing world poses significant environmental risks.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has called on the federal government to crack down on foreign homebuyers.
The grandmother of a six-year-old boy who underwent a liver transplant has said he has "a special bond" with his father.
A woman has been given a suspended prison sentence for defrauding a charity out of Â£2,000 to pay for a charity trip to Tanzania.
A former Greater Manchester Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A humpback whale has been spotted off the west coast of Scotland.
Cambridge Panthers kept alive their hopes of winning the Elite League title with a hard-fought victory over Sheffield Devils.
Former Miss America Helen Williams has accepted an apology from the pageant's chief executive, who asked her to resign in 1984.
Bidders have been invited to bid for the last of four Royal Navy flagships to be saved from the scrapyard in Portsmouth.
An energy company has submitted a business case for the proposed Western Isles electricity interconnector.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been freed by Islamist militants.
Goals from Jack Grigg and Michael Jacobs gave Wigan their first Championship win of the season as they beat Blackburn at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to need hospital treatment than their non-diabetic peers, according to research.
Nottingham Forest fought back from a goal down to earn a point against Preston.
The father of a man shot dead by Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro in Caracas says he wants to speak to his son's former boss.
Boston College has been ordered to hand over recordings of interviews given by one of Northern Ireland's most senior historians.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop.
An outbreak of bird flu has been found at a turkey rearing farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has confirmed.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning thousands of people to Nigeria from Cameroon.
The family of a schoolgirl who died after falling into a swimming pool have won a High Court battle over compensation.
Gambian striker Emmanuel Carayol says he is looking forward to representing the Gambia at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Burundi's opposition has won parliamentary elections for the first time in more than two years.
Savings rates have fallen for the second year in a row and are threatening to harm older people struggling to pay for care.
The Forth Bridge, one of Britain's longest multi-span bridges, has been declared a World Heritage Site by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has said that it was unwilling to pay off manager Gordon Strachan.
The planting of jatropha trees in the Arabian desert could help reduce carbon dioxide emissions by up to 25 tonnes a year, a study suggests.
Leaders of Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning ahead of Friday's general election.
The family of Burkina Faso's former president, Pierre Sankara, have asked the French authorities to declassify military documents in an attempt to establish whether France played a role in his assassination.
A bridge in the southern Indian state of Goa has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring several others.
Edinburgh is the most congested city in the UK, according to new research.
A pensioner who secretly filmed women and children in Falkirk has pleaded guilty to voyeurism.
Police in the Russian city of Edinburg have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being held against their will.
Hamilton Academical head coach Tommy Wright says he will take "the hardest punishment" he can get with his players after they were involved in an altercation with Hamilton's Jonny Swanson.
Pop star Sam Smith has been nominated for five awards at this year's Grammy Awards.
Millions of people around the world are celebrating Eid al-Fitr this weekend.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in Wolverhampton.
The partner of a woman found hanged in her cell told prison staff she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose to its highest level since 2005-06, according to new figures.
A group of schoolchildren have described how they felt when a trailer they were travelling in overturned on Carver's Hollow.
Britain's Andy Murray says he still believes he has a "very good chance" of reaching Sunday's Davis Cup final in Belgium.
Anthony Joshua says his fight against Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service at Rome's Colosseum to highlight the persecution of Christians.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to report the name of the gunman who killed 12 people at a cinema in Aurora, Colorado.
Bolivian authorities say they are working with local authorities to contain an outbreak of locusts.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been awarded a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland were comprehensively beaten by England in their World Cup qualifier at Hampden.
Antarctic emperor penguins are more adaptable than previously thought, according to new research.
Two polar bear cubs have been born in Scotland for the first time.
Chris Martin will replace Martin in the Honda team at this year's Isle of Man TT, the team have confirmed.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison after being cleared of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
An endangered whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
A police officer in Texas has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who was shot and later died.
League One play-off hopefuls Shrewsbury and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in League One.
Louis Vuitton's "I love you Harry" selfie has been retweeted more than four million times in less than a year.
A court in Chile has sentenced a German man to 20 years in prison for his role in a Nazi-controlled commune where children were kept as virtual slaves.
In the run-up to the general election, Conservative MP Byron Davies has been asked to give an MP an ice cream.
If you were in a fairground, there would be a fair where you would be able to take your fight to the next level.
A community-run pub has been named one of the UK's best in the country.
The Mexican government says it is investigating allegations of medical fraud in the state of Veracruz.
Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) say they have detected a new set of superparticles.
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes has warned supporters they will leave the club if they do not return to Cheltenham.
The funeral of a Royal Marine who died while taking part in the Dunfermline Marathon has taken place in Fife.
A man has spoken of the "terrifying" ordeal he endured as a teenager in Northern Ireland.
A US air strike on so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has killed one of the militants, the Pentagon has said.
Zac Efron was the big winner at this year's Critics' Choice Awards.
Torquay United have been forced to make one change to their starting line-up following the injury of striker Callum Spencer.
Midfielder Radamel Falcao has been left out of Chelsea's 25-man Premier League squad.
A dolphin that became stranded in the sea off the coast of southern Spain has been rescued by a group of tourists.
Two men have been taken to hospital following an armed robbery in Londonderry.
One of Scotland's leading mental health doctors is encouraging people to take part in a challenge to climb the highest mountain in the country.
Neenu Kewlani is an avid campaigner for disability rights in India.
Power has been restored to thousands of homes and businesses in Northern Ireland after an equipment fault.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after another man was stabbed to death.
Plans for a £1.5m cycle path in Cardiff have been rejected by councillors.
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is "on watch", according to a new report.
The former head of MI5 has admitted that the 2003 invasion of Iraq increased the level of terrorist activity in the UK.
Top weight Many Clouds will attempt to become the first horse since Sergeant Murphy to win back-to-back Grand National titles.
The chief executive of the Education Authority has accused teachers in Northern Ireland of "peddling misinformation".
Birmingham Zoo has announced that it will be taking part in its annual breeding programme.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has more than doubled in a year, according to the BBC's Panorama programme.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a boy was found in a cellar, German police say.
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas has called for the British people to have a say on any Brexit deal agreed between the UK and the EU.
A Lincolnshire mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect".
The US says it is "devastated" after two gay Bangladeshi men were hacked to death in the capital, Dhaka.
Rule The World has been retired from racing after winning the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are expected to arrive in Liberia on Friday.
Police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the disappearance of a 24-year-old man.
Tributes have been paid to actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles as a binman on Coronation Street.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has fallen for the first time since the 1970s, according to new figures.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has gone missing in Vietnam is due to begin on Tuesday.
Prices of petrol and diesel have risen in the UK for the first time this year, according to the RAC.
Students at Oxford Brookes University are being warned to "show consideration" to their neighbours, after hundreds of complaints about their behaviour.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) has announced a series of new productions to mark the centenary of Arthur Miller's birth.
Visitors to a Wirral hospital have been asked to stay away because of the norovirus outbreak.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with an acid attack on two men.
French ferry firm SeaFrance is to be liquidated by Eurotunnel, the European Union's financial watchdog has ruled.
Tens of thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a rally in the capital, Amman, in support of King Abdullah II.
Milly Dowler's killer Ian Bellfield may have used a "covert tape" to record his confession to police, it has been claimed.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the possession and production of cannabis.
David Thompson believes Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has "come up trumps again".
Romelu Lukaku says he is close to signing a new five-year deal with Everton.
President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan has died at the age of 86.
A previously unheard recording of Led Zeppelin's first live performance in 1969 has been made available for the first time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gwynedd-based historian Gerald of Wales looks back at the history of Wales.
A female prison officer in Northern Ireland is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a razor blade.
Online shoppers are expected to receive a surge in returns on Christmas Day, the postal service has said.
Northern Ireland's health minister has warned that the current system of care in Northern Ireland is not fit for purpose.
The father of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured in a coach crash in Belgium has said she is still "emotionally not quite right".
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell thanks to a "ghost goal".
Dundee United are interested in signing former Rangers midfielder Scott Daly, who has turned down a move away from Ibrox.
Derby County extended their unbeaten run to seven games as they thrashed Ipswich Town in the Championship.
The price of oil has risen to $50 a barrel for the first time in more than two years.
A Chinese motorcyclist has been detained after breaking the speed limit in a Fast and Furious-style race in Beijing, state media report.
Councils in England will soon be "black-spots" as a result of the government's Right to Buy scheme, housing charity Shelter has warned.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill which would limit foreign ownership of Russian media.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in Coventry and Aston have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car carrying two children was stolen in Belfast.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ryan Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to take in 160,000 more migrants as part of efforts to tackle Europe's migrant crisis.
One of Northampton Town's owners has gone into liquidation following a dispute over a £10m loan to the club.
It's been a turbulent week for Russia's opposition.
Supporters of Haitian opposition leader Guy Philippe have held a public hearing to demand his release on drug trafficking charges.
Nurses are being offered free accommodation at three hospitals in the south of England as part of a recruitment drive.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the Indian city of Mumbai, police say.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French prosecutor for alleged involvement in a blackmail plot.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jack Chow on a two-year deal following his release by Scottish Premiership side Wigan Athletic.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket victory over Hampshire at Hove.
Thousands of people are taking part in the annual Christmas Day swim at Exmouth in Devon.
Three Chinese weightlifting gold medallists have been banned from competing at next year's Rio Olympics for doping.
The number of shops in Scotland's towns and cities has fallen for the third year in a row, according to new research.
There will be no parallel talks between the UK and the rest of the European Union over Brexit, the EU's top diplomat has said.
Greece's main share index has fallen sharply after talks between the country and its international creditors failed to reach a deal.
German airline Lufthansa is taking legal action against the pilots' union in a dispute over pay.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have pleaded not guilty to a single charge after sewage leaked into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne faces a "big turnaround" in the UK's finances, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian side Liege on loan until the end of the season.
It has been an intense week for the British and Irish Lions.
Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of 14-19 education in England in an attempt to address a "long-standing mismatch" between the exam system and the labour market.
A number of jobs are at risk in Northern Ireland as a result of a global downturn in mining and oil exploration, the BBC understands.
The government should set a "bold new target" for delivering "world-beating" broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A sculpture believed to be a man's body has been found in a river.
A man has been jailed for five years after being caught on camera trying to lure a teenage girl online.
Solihull secured their first National League win of the season with victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has called on world leaders to do more to help refugees fleeing the conflict in Syria.
David Laws says it is "not likely" he will stand again as a member of parliament after losing his seat to the Conservatives.
Human remains have been discovered under the roof of Brighton's Corn Exchange.
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân wedi cael eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader.
A case worker is to be appointed to help people affected by flooding in York, the City of York Council has said.
A 14-year-old girl who was seriously injured when her friend was killed in a bus crash at a hen party in Leeds has described how she received help from a charity.
Cuban police have detained more than 100 dissident activists during a protest in the capital, Havana.
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose in March, according to new figures from the Scottish Motor Trade Association.
Police in Edinburgh have issued a warning to foreign tourists who are visiting the city centre in an attempt to steal money.
The European Union will not reopen the controversial trade deal with Canada, the EU has said.
Chocolate galleons have been recreated to mark the centenary of the Battle of Trafalgar.
A man had to be revived 17 times after suffering a cardiac arrest outside hospital.
Olympic gold medallist Katie O'Sullivan led Great Britain to victory in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Rowing Championships.
Children's charity Kids Company has been accused by two former staff of failing to properly investigate allegations of sexual assault.
An overweight dog has become a social media hit after being spotted wandering around a supermarket.
Bradford moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Shrewsbury at Bradford City.
The new mayor of Tshwane in South Africa says he will no longer use the luxury cars he inherited from the previous mayor.
The Unite union has said it has been given assurances that the pension scheme at Bernard Matthews will not be affected by the takeover.
A wheelchair user has been injured in an explosion at Beijing International Airport.
One person has been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash on the M5 in Cardiff.
When Jean-Marc Bosman came out of the European Court of Justice in 1990, it was a moment he will never forget.
Dumfriesshire County Council has said it is "increasingly concerned" about the pace of progress being made on a new disaster response centre.
Visitors to Legoland have had to wait up to 30 minutes for an exit at the theme park.
A care home has been given until next month to improve the quality of care provided to its residents.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.
The mother of an 11-year-old girl whose home was burgled has written an emotional letter to the thieves.
A teenager has been arrested after a machete was found during an altercation between a group of youths in south-east London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has signed for Major League Soccer side Phoenix Suns.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas.
A 20-year-old New Zealand man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from his 14th floor balcony.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill could retire from athletics at the end of the 2020 Games, according to her coach Angelo Minichiello.
Will Miller scored the only goal of the game as Wolves came from behind to draw at Wolverhampton Wanderers.
A pregnant woman and her young daughter were threatened with a gun during a burglary at their home in Manchester.
The number of people using town centres in the Scottish Borders rose by 23% in 2015 compared with the previous year, according to new figures.
The tiny Himalayan nation of Bhutan is one of the world's smallest and most isolated states.
Motherwell striker Stephen Grant has backed the appointment of Shelley Kerr as the new head coach of Scottish women's football.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the second time this year.
Plans to axe community services in Flintshire have been put on public display at a public meeting.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Mark Connolly's first-half header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over struggling Blackpool.
The Welsh Assembly has voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite reservations.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Egyptian writer and writer Nawara Negm explains how the internet helped organise a sit-in in Cairo on 25 January.
A by-election has been held to elect an MP for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock.
An Italian court has overturned the manslaughter convictions of a group of seismologists convicted of causing the deaths of hundreds of people.
Dietary supplements can boost the ability of the body's immune system, a study suggests.
Police failed to properly examine the extent of the sexual exploitation of children and young people who went missing from care in 2013, a report has found.
If you have ever wondered what it is like to be a zombie in South Korea, try 'Train to Busan'.
Rumba singer Ohene Olomide has been taken into custody by police in the Democratic Republic of Congo after he was filmed urinating into the eyes of a police officer.
Three convicted rapists who absconded from a minimum-security prison in Somerset are being sought by police.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
US rapper Kanye West has revealed he is working with Swedish furniture giant Ikea.
The British Airways (BAA) has apologised to passengers at Edinburgh Airport for "massive disruption" caused by a computer fault.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged in connection with the supply of heroin with an intent to supply.
Burma's government has set up a commission to examine the causes of sectarian violence in the restive state of Rakhine, which has been under a state of emergency since May.
Mafia members are more likely to return to school a year earlier than their white-collar counterparts, a study suggests.
Super League side Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of New Zealand half-back Josh Tomkins from Super League side Salford Red Devils.
Airbus's chief executive, Didier Bregier, has said the company would reconsider investment in the UK if the country voted to leave the European Union.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the existence of an Earth-like planet orbiting a distant star.
The family of a 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire have paid tribute to him.
Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
An Italian architect has created two special buildings in China, which he says will help fight pollution.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the 10m synchronised platform at Rio 2016 after failing to qualify for the final.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley at the Emirates Stadium.
A report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published later.
An Oxfordshire council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers.
A student from Sierra Leone has been turned away from his home in Norwich because of the Ebola outbreak.
The BBC's 10 o'clock News is to become the shortest news bulletin in the UK, the corporation has announced.
The Rugby Players' Association (RCA) has warned that the current spate of sackings of coaches in English rugby is a sign that the game is heading towards a "hire-and-fire approach".
Leicester City assistant manager Craig Shakespeare is "almost out of order" to be the club's next manager, according to former England striker Paul Keown.
The family of a woman who took her own life have criticised a health trust for failing to investigate hundreds of unexpected deaths.
Sony, the world's biggest producer of vinyl records, is to restart production in Japan.
A polar bear cub born at a Scottish wildlife park has been put on display for the first time.
Exposure to "little and frequent" spells of sun in the middle of the day is a "safe balance" between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new powers to tackle non-violent extremism as part of its counter-extremism strategy.
Campaigners are calling on the Welsh assembly to set up a specialist centre for young men with a rare condition.
Plans to repair a flood-damaged bridge have been put on hold.
Burns retained his WBC cruiserweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Carlos Beltran at Glasgow's O2 Arena.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in South Africa's capital, Durban, against xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a third floor flat.
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially "disapply" the purdah period in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner who plans to use his Â£18,000 pot of cash to pay for a church hall is to receive the payment on Monday.
The Iron Age crannog estate in Monmouthshire may not have been built in stone, it has been claimed.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash on the A55 in Monmouthshire.
The vast majority of NHS staff in the UK earn six-figure salaries, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
The Battle of the Somme was one of the most important battles of World War One.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit the amount of tax credits paid to new EU migrants for up to four years.
A maths teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an 18-year-old man was seriously injured in a street brawl in Hove.
The two front-runners for the Republican presidential nomination have clashed in their first televised debate.
The body of a music shop owner has been found in his car.
Ukrainian soldiers have left the rebel-held town of Debaltseve in eastern Ukraine, the president says.
Rock band Revolution Radio have topped the US album chart for the second week in a row with their new album, American Idiot.
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock boss Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Turkey has sacked more than 1,000 military personnel in the wake of last month's failed coup.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent checks" of their high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
SuperTed creator Mike Young has announced he is to make a Welsh-language feature film.
Two Palestinian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash on the way to Mecca in Saudi Arabia, the country's interior ministry says.
Gateshead pensioner George Barnes says he is still waiting to find out what happened to him after he was punched in the face.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of next week's PGA Championship at Royal Birkdale because of a back injury.
Exeter moved into the League Two play-off places with a narrow win over Cambridge.
The chief executive of Rolls-Royce has called the union Unite a "scaremonger" for its concerns about the company's future in Derby.
Bangladesh Cricket Board chairman Asaduzzaman Khan has accused some countries of being "oversensitive" in their handling of terrorism.
Scientists say they have discovered a way to stop the growth of a deadly fungus in birds.
A plane was struck by lightning while taking off from Manchester Airport.
Scientists have reconstructed the "central nervous system" of one of the earliest arthropods.
A woman has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a newborn baby.
Drivers are being urged to block a stretch of road next to Stonehenge as part of a campaign to improve road safety.
The longest married couple in the UK are celebrating their 86th birthday in Bradford.
Birmingham City have held talks with striker Jonny Caddis about his future, BBC Sport understands.
England fast bowler James Johnson hopes he will be able to show his scars from Australia's Ashes whitewash in the second Test.
Edvald Boasson Hagen retained the overall lead of the Tour de France as he won stage 17 in Pramartino.
An Orange Hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
At least two people have been killed after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a music festival in South Africa, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on immigration, the shadow culture secretary has said.
The number of fire engines in Suffolk could be axed as part of £1.3m cuts.
The head of the FBI has said he is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to enable encryption on their iOS operating systems.
US Defence Secretary Eric Schmidt has called for a ban on so-called mini-drones being used as weapons of war.
Northern Ireland is one of the best performing schools in Europe in maths and reading, according to an international study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth took a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
The UK is considering whether to carry out air strikes in Syria against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Two care workers have been given community orders following the death of an elderly woman at a care home in Birmingham.
One in every 100 babies born at Bedford Hospital in England in 2015 was born addicted to a harmful substance, new figures show.
The makers of Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised after incorrect answers were given in the first run of the popular quiz game.
Security has been stepped up ahead of Saturday's Euro 2016 football match between Germany and the Netherlands in Berlin.
Animals in the Arctic are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by electricity cables, according to new research.
US film-maker Imax plans to list its shares in Hong Kong on the stock market for the first time.
An inquest into the deaths of four teenagers who were killed in a head-on crash in Powys has been told they were "on a mission".
The owner of one of the world's most expensive cars has been pulled over by police.
Cincinnati Reds batsman Adam Gennett hit a four-run home run as the Reds beat Boston Beaneaters 5-0 on Sunday.
The former chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct in public office.
Andy Murray became the first British player to reach the Davis Cup quarter-finals with victory over a father-of-two.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, for the first time.
Former England footballer Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "wonderful wife" who has died after a short battle with cancer.
A search is under way for a teenager who has gone missing off Dartmoor.
A man who stabbed his great-grandfather to death was not psychotic at the time of the attack, a court has heard.
Peterborough United have sacked manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 League One defeat by Scunthorpe United.
Ofcom has selected 21 areas in the UK for the launch of a new local TV service.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital with serious head injuries after being spotted flying in formation at RAF Leeming.
Schoolchildren in India are being warned about the dangers of "poisonous" school textbooks, after the government bought a vegetarian version of a book.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Bristol.
Aberystwyth railway is one of the UK's oldest and most nostalgic railways - but what does it take to become an engineer?
Russian athletes have been accused of trying to cheat doping control officers by running away from the mixed zone during sporting events.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Martin McGuinness looks at the challenges ahead for African journalists.
A judge in Brazil has charged one of President Dilma Rousseff's top aides with corruption.
An international police agency has issued an appeal to the public to help track down nine of the world's most wanted fugitives.
Chinese shares fell on Wednesday after a closely watched survey showed the country's manufacturing sector contracted less than expected in September.
Jono Gibbes has been appointed head coach of Ulster for next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on all trade unionists to join the party in Scotland.
Three climbers have been rescued after falling down a steep mountain in Lochaber.
ChemChina, the world's biggest producer of pesticides and seeds, has been given the go-ahead by US regulators for its takeover of Syngenta.
Police in Sweden say they have arrested a man suspected of carrying out an attack in the capital, Stockholm, which left at least 11 people dead.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton came from behind to beat Wolverhampton Wanderers in the Championship.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have re-signed former Newport County and Newport County midfielder Tom Pidgeley on a one-month loan deal.
UKIP is at a "crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to win back support, the party's campaign chairman Andy Banks has said.
Celtic's summer transfer window was dominated by the prospect of finishing second in the Scottish Premiership.
When Marta runs out of soap at the end of the day, the only thing she can think of is getting out of bed.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City left-back Josh Davis on a free transfer.
David Grabarz won Britain's second gold medal of the IPC Athletics World Championships with victory in the men's 800m.
Celtic lifted the Scottish Cup for the first time as Joe Rogic's second-half header secured victory over Aberdeen.
Rotherham United have re-signed former Crystal Palace midfielder Ryan Kettings on loan until the end of the season.
Five al-Qaeda suspects accused of carrying out the 9/11 attacks in September 2001 have refused to answer questions from a US military judge.
Beyonce is on the shortlist for this year's Grammy Awards, which will be held in Los Angeles later this month.
Plans for a new football stadium in Truro and Falmouth have been branded an "empty promise".
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is considering a move to Chelsea, BBC Radio Manchester reports.
League One side Stags have re-signed Dundee United striker Josh McShane on loan until the end of the season.
The sale of a World War Two Spitfire, which featured a character from a Daily Mirror cartoon, has stalled after it failed to sell at auction.
Two major energy firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 new jobs in Scotland.
Two new chicks have been born at a Gloucestershire nature reserve after being hatched next to a giant boar.
Net migration to the UK has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a "crisis in the NHS this winter", MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the light of an increase in insurance premium tax.
Former Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech and ex-Millwall defender Nicky Ward are among those who use their spare time to re-homing birds.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he would like to see Easter fixed on the first Sunday after the spring equinox.
The Syrian city of Raqqa has been hit by air strikes by so-called Islamic State (IS), activists say.
It is one of the UK's most iconic car brands.
Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Caton from Shrewsbury Town for an undisclosed fee.
A US appeals court has rejected President Donald Trump's attempt to reinstate a temporary ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Hundreds of people gathered outside a council to protest against plans to cut library staff.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday came from behind to draw with Burnley.
Bakery chain Greggs has reported better-than-expected profits for the third quarter, boosted by the success of meal deals.
Germany's Joachim Jung won Olympic gold for Great Britain in the dressage at Rio 2016 as Japan's Yui Fischertakinou missed out on a medal.
Wind farm developers in the UK will be able to sell part of their business to local communities under a new government plan.
A 46-year-old man has been charged with a string of firearms offences following attacks on four cats in Surrey.
No repairs have been made to a beach where a bodyboarder drowned following a change in the course of a river.
Humpback whales, like humpbacks and porpoises, have a relatively short gestation period.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold at 0.5%.
Chinese state media have reacted angrily to an international arbitration tribunal's ruling that China has no jurisdiction over the South China Sea.
Shares in Asia fell sharply after the US economy grew slower than expected in the first three months of the year.
David Warner hit an unbeaten half-century as Australia drew the first Test against the West Indies by six wickets.
At least seven people have been killed and dozens more have been evacuated in southern Germany as rivers continue to flood, officials say.
A 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in Caernarfon.
Two teenagers have been arrested after knives, scissors and cannabis were seized from a street in east London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Kunle Adegbola reflects on the changing fortunes of Nigerian cricket.
The head of the Bank of England's monetary policy committee has warned that interest rates could remain low for longer.
Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group, the world's biggest contract electronics maker, has reported record quarterly profits, helped by sales of iPhones and iPads.
For more than 1,300 years it has been a pilgrimage to the shrine of St Winefride, the only native female saint from Wales to have a substantial hagiographical dossier.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg will take to the podium at the Brazilian Grand Prix this weekend to try to break the record for the most wins by a Brazilian driver.
A man accused of raping a student has been cleared by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
The decommissioning of a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil is set to take place at the end of the year, it has been announced.
A 1,400-year-old mystery surrounding King Arthur's Camelot has been solved.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring for the first time this season, according to manager Claudio Ranieri.
There are signs that the Conservative Party may be heading towards a collision with the growing tide of Euroscepticism in British politics.
Nick Clegg has said the Conservatives will cut "much deeper than is necessary" to balance the books and make the poorest bear the heaviest burden.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by seven wickets in the Women's World Twenty20 final in New Zealand.
UKIP's new leader Paul Nuttall has told BBC Wales he would be willing to give up one of his posts if asked by the party's AM for North Wales.
The makers of Benefits Street have been accused of misleading residents in the first series of the Channel 4 show.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (POA).
A mystery photographer who took a photograph of a woman at a Buckinghamshire nature reserve has been credited with saving her life.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of "whitening creams" in the country, the country's pharmaceutical authority says.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats are at loggerheads in the House of Lords over Brexit.
More than 1,306 Islamic State (IS) militants have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq between 2 December 2015 and 2 December 2016, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Norwich International Airport has apologised to passengers for the inconvenience caused by the removal of a security information website.
Plans for a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been approved.
The "final jigsaw piece" in the murder of a man whose body was found wrapped in tarpaulin has been revealed.
In the early hours of the morning of 30 June, Kiev's main medical centre was completely shut down.
Wasps maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win at Sale Sharks.
Three people have been taken to hospital following a crash between a bus and a lorry in Edinburgh.
A South African man has been cleared of plotting to murder his wife in their taxi while on honeymoon in Dubai.
Plans for shale gas exploration in Lancashire have been given the go-ahead by the government.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has sacked the head of the government's consumer protection agency after he tried to close down a restaurant.
Downing Street has said it is "excited" about the prospect of working with Burmese officials to find and restore two World War Two Spitfire planes that have not been found.
Two climbers have been winched to safety at the top of a mountain on Anglesey.
The government has temporarily suspended the fast-track process for asylum seekers in England and Wales who face removal from the country.
In the wake of David Cameron's announcement that the UK is going to have a new parliament for English people, there has been some concern about the implications for public services in Wales and Northern Ireland.
An 18-year-old man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men arrested in connection with the murder of a man whose body was found in woodland in Essex have been released.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock Europa has announced plans to open an office in London as part of an expansion drive.
BrewDog, one of the UK's best-known craft brewers, is set to double its turnover to £32m this year, after winning a bottled beer competition.
The value of the pound has continued to fall against the dollar and other major currencies in the run-up to the UK's vote to leave the EU.
A TV producer jailed for 17 years for trying to hire a hitman to kill his wife is appealing against his conviction.
The body of a Briton who died fighting alongside Kurdish forces fighting so-called Islamic State in Syria has been flown back to the UK.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency (NSA) collects millions of phone calls.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder David Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Video has emerged showing how a dog was kept in kennels without human contact for more than two years.
There is "no glory in opposition", Chuka Umunna, the Labour leadership contender, has told the BBC.
A man died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling off the Gwynedd coast, an inquest has heard.
Islamic State (IS) militants have sentenced 25 men to death in Iraq for their part in the killing of more than 200 Shia recruits in Tikrit in 2014.
Surf forecasting company Magicseaweed has been bought by the Surfstitch Group for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Danny Ambrose scored a hat-trick as Colchester came from behind to beat Bradford City in League One.
Neolithic buildings dating back 4,500 years have been put on display at Stonehenge for the first time.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Britain's Tony Parker will defend his IBF, WBO and WBA heavyweight titles against Carlos Ruiz Jr in New Zealand on 10 December.
Pasg Hapus wedi gwobr yng Nghaerdydd, yn ôl iddo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd cael ei gormod.
Dylan Hartley's suspension from international rugby does not prevent him from becoming England captain, says Tony Ritchie.
The father of a US student held in North Korea says his son has been in a coma for 15 months.
There are few sports events in the world that are as controversial as a boxing match.
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of an undercover US agent in 2010.
The White House has condemned threats to Jewish community centres across the US, saying it is "deeply disturbed" by the number of such incidents.
If you look at the stats from Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham it is easy to see why England are in trouble.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced plans to open up its technology to other carmakers.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect delays and cancellations as a strike by Network Rail signallers enters its third day.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal have arrested a man they say was part of a gang which raped a nun in March.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution asking lawmakers not to use the Republic of Chile flag emoji when referring to the state's flag.
The Premier League and NBC Universal have agreed a new three-season domestic television rights deal worth more than £100m.
Part of a road in Staffordshire is to be closed as part of a multi-million pound repair project.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara to "strongly protest" after Russia accused Turkey of violating its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dai Young says he has never doubted his side's ability to climb into the Premiership's top six.
Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough left-back Ben Davies until the end of the season.
Dutch cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned from cycling for six months after being found to have a hidden motor in her bike.
When UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor takes to the streets of Manchester on Saturday night, he will be looking for ways to improve his performance.
Saracens wing Owen Farrell has been ruled out of England's second Test against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday because of an ankle injury.
A schoolgirl from Dumfries is calling for the NHS in England and Scotland to pay for a life-saving treatment.
Lichfield have asked the Rugby Football Union (RFU) to reconsider its decision to exclude them from the inaugural Women's Super Rugby competition.
The Football Association has backed the decision not to call up England's under-21 players for next summer's European Championship.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police constable has been praised for saving the life of a mother and baby who were taken to hospital by ambulance.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and gang-raped has been jailed for seven years.
A "vicious" paedophile has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of raping a teenage girl.
Firefighters have been dealing with an electrical fire at an industrial unit in Londonderry.
Flooding in Cambridgeshire has left at least 60 properties without power after heavy rain caused flash flooding.
The bodies of 43 Mexican students who went missing last month have been cremated, according to an international human rights group.
The UK military is sending troops to Somalia as part of a multi-million pound deployment to the country.
The father of a six-year-old girl who was seriously injured when a bouncy castle she was playing in crashed into a crowd has said her operation will take place on Tuesday.
United States striker Abby Wambach will retire from international football at the end of the 2016-17 Women's World Cup campaign.
More than half of mothers in developing countries are still breastfeeding at some point in their lives, research suggests.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African centre Adam Kebble.
Widnes Vikings head coach Alan Betts says his side are still doing "good things" despite their recent drop in form.
The Palace of Westminster has rejected claims by a US woman that Prince Andrew sexually abused her as a teenager.
Krystian Pearce scored the only goal of the game as Mansfield came from behind to draw with York.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in Brighton.
A Dundee man has been jailed for five years after being found guilty of coercing a woman into having sex with him.
Sheffield Wednesday have agreed a deal to sign Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes.
The first temporary school buildings have been installed at a West Sussex primary school damaged in a fire.
Former Scarlets chief executive Jon Davies wants Wales' best players to return to the region.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beat Romania's Simona Halep in straight sets to reach the Wuhan Open final.
A County Londonderry man has described how he and his two young children were dragged from his home and beaten with iron bars and nails.
Plans to revamp a Denbighshire leisure centre have been given the go-ahead.
Police in West Yorkshire are investigating more than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in the past year.
Authorities in the US are searching for the driver of a pickup truck that was found with dozens of suspected illegal immigrants inside.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Solihull Moors looks at her struggle with anorexia nervosa.
Items including clothes and beauty products designed for black skin and hair have gone on display as part of Nottingham Carnival.
Shadow culture secretary John Whittingdale is being accused of behaving as if he were running the BBC, amid reports the broadcaster could be forced to change its schedules.
A woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) has said she was refused a taxi in Carmarthenshire because she tried to get to the venue in the wrong direction.
Europe's Philae comet lander has made contact with Earth for the first time in seven months, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
A police officer has been arrested after performing karaoke in a Glasgow pub following an alleged assault.
Rory Viljoen made his first County Championship century of the season to help Dorset take control against Gloucestershire at Chester-le-Street.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take unilateral action if the government does not intervene in the crisis at Stormont.
Northamptonshire all-rounder Chris Buck took a career-best 13 wickets to help his side fight back against Durham on day one at Chester-le-Street.
A search is under way for a woman who has gone missing from her home in Greenock.
Changing Faces has pulled an advert for a computer conferencing service after a complaint about its portrayal of people in masks.
Gary Madine scored twice as Bolton beat Sheffield United to reach the FA Cup third round.
Muslims in France are taking part in a "brotherly cup of tea" to mark the first anniversary of the Paris attacks.
Fishermen in the UK and Norway have agreed a 5% increase in their quota for cod for next year.
A pilot and his wife had to be rescued after their plane crashed in a field in the East Midlands.
For more than half a century the Swansea canal has been used to transport coal, iron and steel.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien have been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Tuesday.
Landlords in England are to be given the power to evict illegal immigrants who refuse to move out of their properties.
Dutch justice minister Johan Opstelten has resigned after saying that a convicted drug trafficker was paid much less than he actually received.
Craig Swankie's stoppage-time strike gave Cowdenbeath victory over Forfar Athletic and moved them up to second in Scottish League Two.
Planning permission has been granted for a housing project in Carrickfergus, County Armagh.
An outbreak of norovirus has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
It is almost as if China has gone back in time to the Mao era.
Crocodile egg harvesting is one of the world's most lucrative and lucrative industries.
A fleet of gritters has been put on the roads of Dumfries and Galloway following the end of summer's "low-risk" season.
Ricky is the BBC's robotics expert and he's on the hunt for the next generation of robots.
The mother of murdered toddler Liam Fee has said she was "shocked, totally shocked" when she found out his killers had been jailed.
Plans for a new paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the county council.
More than 1,000 migrants and refugees have been moved out of the "container camp" in the French port city of Calais, officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
Three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following a stabbing in Essex.
Plans to bring back eight-council councils in north Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£54bn) in cash and stock.
A man who was sexually abused as a child has criticised the Scottish government's handling of an inquiry into child abuse.
A group of Russian bikers banned from entering Poland due to their links with Russia has pulled out of the trip.
Hashim Amla has stepped down as South Africa captain after the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew by less than expected in the March quarter of the year, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's best-loved birds.
Mexican driver Sergio Perez has joined Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The mother of an 11-year-old boy who has been taken out of school has won an appeal against a council order to keep him home.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson is one shot off the lead heading into the final round of the Italian Open.
Families of victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) are being urged to open a clinic in Cardiff.
Scientists say they have found a new class of durable materials that can be reused, rather than thrown away.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" when it comes to supporting start-ups, according to the founder of start-up firm Hoxton Ventures, David Woodford.
A new gin distillery has opened in the Scottish Borders.
One of Nottingham's most famous industrial buildings has been severely damaged in a fire.
Men tend to live longer than women, according to official figures.
A University of Michigan student has been charged with hazing after allegedly eating peanut butter in the mouth of a fellow student.
Norway's prime minister has turned down a proposal to move one of the world's highest peaks across its border with Finland.
The Scottish economy will grow at its slowest pace since the financial crisis in 2008, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says his wife "convicted" him to become President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed to a bride-to-be to take a photo with her on her wedding day after a motorway bridge collapsed.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A campaign has been launched to raise funds for a series of memorial statues in memory of soldiers who died in World War Two.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the BBC that the process to reform the country's constitution has stalled.
A man has been found guilty of attempted murder after CCTV footage emerged of him trying to rob a shop.
The National Police Association (NBPA) says it is "very, very concerned" about the behaviour of senior police officers in England and Wales.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old gold and silver coins discovered in County Down more than two years ago has been declared treasure.
The mother of a 15-year-old girl who died after getting into difficulty on a beach in Newcastle has paid tribute to her "beautiful" daughter.
A British man has been charged with causing the death of a mother-of-three who was killed in a crash in Thailand.
A 21-year-old woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a millionaire in a "pitiless and wicked" attack.
It has been an eventful week for Downing Street.
England midfielder Luke Shaw has been named in the England squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former first minister Alex Salmond has announced his retirement from the Scottish Parliament.
Three US hospitals have been put into an "internal state of emergency" after being hit by malware that encrypts files, documents and images.
This year BodyPositive will be bringing you the best in the world of health & fitness, wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty for the next six months.
Sepp Blatter should resign as president of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said.
Four diners have been killed in a stampede at a restaurant in northern Spain, a restaurant owner has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents reported to police in Scotland has more than doubled in a year.
Force India's Esteban Ocon has signed a two-year deal with Manor Racing.
Staff at an elderly care home have been described as "chaotic" and "very poor".
There's a lot of pet talk going on right now, especially if you're a dog owner.
Four men have been found guilty of the murder of a rival drug dealer during a turf war in Rhyl.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Olufemi Akpan has been given a one-match touchline ban after being found guilty of violent conduct.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City secured their first Championship win of the season with a hard-fought victory at Cardiff City.
Adam Voges and Ravi Malan both hit centuries to put Middlesex in a strong position against Hampshire at Lord's.
The mother of a baby with a milk allergy has called for the NHS in south London to stop providing soya-based infant formula.
If you use a touchscreen on a smartphone or tablet, chances are that you have smeared it all over your fingers.
More than 5,000 people have signed up for a stem cell transplant for a Cardiff University student with a rare form of blood cancer.
Doctors in Australia say they have successfully removed part of a toddler's leg from her pelvis.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of another man in Dundee.
A man has died following a fire at a housing complex in Fife.
Rotherham United have re-signed former Gateshead midfielder Tom Jones on a two-year contract.
It is Ladies' Day at Aintree Racecourse in Liverpool and it is a day that many women in the city take pride in.
There is a "risk that future deaths will occur unless action is taken" following the death of a neurosurgeon at a Nottinghamshire hospital, an inquest has heard.
Michael Horan has been elected the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA).
England head coach Trevor Bayliss believes one-day cricket needs a "re-think" about the way it is played.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Tommy Wright beat Michael van Gerwen 7-5 to reach the final of the UK Championship at Alexandra Palace.
There are plenty of political parties in Northern Ireland who want the UK to leave the European Union.
Scotland captain Scott Greer says he is open to a return to the Premier League, but admits he may have to wait to see where his career takes him.
Defence has long been one of Britain's top political priorities.
The Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 87.
The number of new council homes sold in Scotland has reached a five-year high for the first time, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and could lead the Conservative Party one day, Lord Heseltine has warned.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with an assault in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's services.
Crystal Palace maintained their 100% start to the Premier League season as they came from behind to beat Everton.
Teachers have been awarded more than £200,000 in compensation for injuries in the classroom last year.
Talks between the US and the European Union on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) are under way in Brussels, with the aim of boosting the economies of the EU and the US.
Bristol head coach Danny Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick.
Germany's trade deficit shrank by 0.1% in November as the country grapples with the effects of the conflict in Ukraine and the political uncertainty surrounding Russia.
A Red Cross volunteer who witnessed a jet crash on the Isle of Wight has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should "get stronger" to tackle corporate governance, the former chairman of the regulator, Lord Myners, has told the BBC.
A statue of a giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled in Oswestry, West Yorkshire.
Russian President Vladimir Putin met French far-right leader Marine Le Pen at the Elysee Palace earlier this month.
The Liberal Democrats have said they will invest in apprenticeships and training as part of the Welsh Government's job-creation drive.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its headquarters out of London as part of the UK's exit from the European Union.
A convicted child sex offender has been jailed for more than 35 months.
A Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer has been warned to expect disciplinary action after an incident in which a man was arrested and his home searched.
Defending champions Julia Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Grand Slam title at the Australian Open.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win their final World Cup pool match against South Africa.
Gatwick Airport has been given "guarantees" by the Airports Commission that it will take on the "main risks" of building a second runway at Heathrow.
League One side Carlisle United have signed former Manchester United and Ajax winger Pedro on a one-month loan deal.
Boris Johnson is one of Britain's most charismatic politicians.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Tom Lowe on loan until the end of the season.
A British woman has been jailed in Malaysia after pleading guilty to taking part in an "appalling act" on one of the world's highest mountains.
Ethiopia is one of the poorest countries on the continent, but the country's economy is growing faster than any other in the world.
At the family funeral in Kobane, north-east Turkey, the families cry.
A memorial to aircrew killed in action has been vandalised at Lincoln Air Ambulance Centre.
Northampton Town have agreed a deal with the county council over a £10.25m loan which would see the club's £10m debt wiped out.
Shares in two of Hong Kong's biggest financial firms have fallen sharply following the suspension of trading on Wednesday.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 MPs to his front bench, including eight from the black and minority ethnic community.
If you want to know why ticket prices have been frozen or even reduced in the Premier League over the last 10 years, you might want to ask the Football Supporters' Federation.
An Indian cricketer, Ravindra Jadeja, has been fined for posing with a lion while on a safari in the western state of Gujarat.
The death of a prisoner in custody is to be investigated by the Prisons and Probation Ombudsman, the Prison Service has said.
A record number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters have been cast on US TV, according to a new report.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of "ruthlessly raiding" the budget for free schools in England.
The Metropolitan Police are investigating allegations of electoral malpractice in the run-up to Tuesday's mayoral election in Tower Hamlets.
It was 12 months ago that the Copper Box at London's Olympic Park opened to the public.
Castleford Tigers full-back Ben Chase says he is "in the best shape I've ever been" as he prepares for his return to rugby league.
Great Britain's men's 4x400m relay team have moved into the bronze medal position at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in London.
Coffee consumption may be linked to how many people in Italy and the Netherlands drink each day, research suggests.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej's son, Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn, has formally accepted the throne of Thailand.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has announced that Peter Robinson has withdrawn from the race to be its next leader.
The One Show host Carwyn Jones says she will miss Cardiff for the first time since giving birth to her son.
The Church of Ireland is "not at all up to pace" with the debate on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland, a bishop has said.
A woman's body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has been fined in the US for illegally exporting epoxy coating to Pakistan.
A new Ghostbusters movie is being planned by Sony Pictures.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being advised to take extra care as part of a series of improvements.
Hundreds of thousands of people have rallied in Spain's Catalonia region in a show of support for independence.
Prince Harry has shared some photos of his visit to an orphaned children's home in South Africa.
Singapore has tightened its rules on the use of private taxi booking apps in the city-state, in response to growing demand for the service.
Chris Woakes and James Anderson will replace injured James Anderson in the England side for the first Test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
One of the UK's best-known police dogs has died at the age of seven.
An investigation has been launched after a woman's body was found following a fire at a house in Moray.
Police in the US city of Chicago have shot dead four people during a week-long protest over the fatal shooting of a black man.
The leader of Lesotho's unity government says he has been removed from control by the armed forces.
A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been the victim of a "partner campaign of political harassment" after a break-in at his Cardiff office.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in the Lake District to protest against plans to build pylons across the lake.
The United British Legion (UBELONG) has returned to Vietnam for the first time since the end of the Vietnam War.
A state of emergency has been lifted in the US city of Baltimore, hours after the death of a black man.
League One side MK Dons have signed Aberdeen goalkeeper Ryan Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest recovered from the injury to beat Birmingham City in the Championship.
Lancashire batsman Alviro Petersen hit his second first-class century of the season on day two of their County Championship match against Worcestershire at Lord's.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Tuesday after the release of emails from Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
David Cameron says he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake".
Sebastian Coe, the British Olympic and Paralympic record breaker, has died at the age of 93.
York City have re-signed former Forest Green Rovers and Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Kamdjo until the end of the season.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has had his contract with the Premier League club terminated.
A witness has told a murder trial that he thought it was a burglary when sulphuric acid was thrown on his face.
Vauxhall has issued a voluntary recall of more than 280,000 of its Zafira luxury cars after a number of them caught fire.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders say the US Republican Party is "rigged" and "crooked".
Star Wars fans have been given the chance to fight with lightsabers for the first time in the UK.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a car on the outskirts of Coventry.
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to drill in the Chukchi Sea for oil and gas.
A 27-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher in a hotel room.
South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after a woman was shot dead at his home in Johannesburg.
Tens of thousands of people in Turkey are being blocked from accessing the Tor network, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Luis Suarez has left the club by mutual consent.
The 2002 Rugby World Cup was one of the biggest sporting events in the world, with Japan becoming the first nation to win a major international tournament.
Islamic State (IS) militants are reported to have retaken the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra from its defenders.
The Co-op has apologised after a road sign was painted over with the wrong spelling.
Leicester Tigers will take on Bath at The Rec on Saturday and I'm sure they will be looking forward to it.
Employers in Nottingham are being forced to pay more for parking at work in a bid to cut congestion.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren hopes Rafael Benitez has given the Spaniard more control of the club.
Celtic striker Callum Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to leave the club to play in Sunday's Scottish Cup final against Aberdeen.
Plans to transform one of Ceredigion's most recognisable buildings into a "cultural quarter" have been unveiled.
Voters in England will be required to show a photo ID before casting their ballot under government plans to tackle voter fraud.
Luke Mullaney's century helped Nottinghamshire take control on day two against Surrey at Trent Bridge.
The family of a paralysed man who died at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland say they are "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him".
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for horse safety rides to be held across Wales.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has been named the winner of this year's National Book of the Year.
Deaf and partially sighted students in England are facing cuts of up to £100m, the government has announced.
A self-published author has said he was "shocked" to be asked to cover up some of his promotional material for the Women's Institute (WI).
Munster scrum-half CJ Stander says Ireland will use extra protection against Conor Murray when they meet at Murrayfield on Saturday.
Women with breast cancer who are overweight or obese are being recruited to take part in two-year trials to see if losing weight could reduce their risk of recurrence.
Leonardo Goretzka scored twice as Germany thrashed Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup semi-finals.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has become the first person to complete 27 marathons in South Africa.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil believes his side's 3-0 win over Norwich City was crucial in their fight to avoid relegation.
Crotone beat Lazio 3-1 in Serie A to keep alive their hopes of avoiding relegation from the top flight.
The Man from U.N.C.L.E director Guy Ritchie is to make his feature film adaptation of his hit TV series Sherlock.
Nigeria's economy has fallen into recession for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Thursday, boosted by a rally in energy stocks.
Nicholas George Winton has died at the age of 93 after a long illness.
Prison violence in England and Wales hit a record high in 2016-17, according to new figures.
The Royal Mint has unveiled a new £5 coin in honour of Prince George.
The North East Chamber of Commerce has announced it will host the Great Exhibition in Gateshead next year.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her 19-year-old son in County Londonderry.
Juventus kept alive their slim hopes of winning the Serie A title with a comfortable victory over 10-man Crotone.
Newcastle secured their first Championship win of the season with victory over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed in Wolverhampton.
When I gave my long-forgotten speech calling for Yorkshire to become an independent state in the 1970s and 80s it was met with a mixture of incredulity and bewilderment.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes in the Edinburgh area.
Great Britain's Kat Page won gold in the women's trampoline final at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Premier League leaders Leicester came from behind to beat Liverpool.
People are being urged to keep a record of ritual marks that were carved into medieval buildings to protect them from witches and evil spirits.
The tall chimney at Didcot Power Station has come down in fog, prompting calls for people to check it out.
A ferry service between Sandown Beach and the Isle of Wight could be expanded, according to travel company Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the worst since 1987, according to new figures.
The director of Titanic Belfast's visitors' centre has told the BBC that Northern Ireland is not yet mature enough as an industry to make it easy for visitors.
A mental health patient who admitted killing a fellow patient has handed himself in to police in Manchester.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire next year.
Barnet extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Hartlepool, who are still without a win this season.
Sunderland midfielder Jermaine Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Andreas Harnik has been ruled out of the rest of the World Cup qualifying campaign with an ankle injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Claude Montanier says it will be "difficult" for his side to reach the third round of the League Cup.
A light aircraft has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport following a technical fault.
Tens of thousands of people are expected to visit a Yorkshire sculpture to mark Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has revealed that he is gay.
A PSNI investigation has found none of the men featured in a BBC investigation into the activities of a paramilitary paramilitary unit in Belfast in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town following reports of troublemakers.
A professional boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for beating his ex-girlfriend at her home because she feared he would kill her.
US missionary Kenneth Bae, who has been held in a North Korean labour camp for 15 months, has been returned to the camp, US officials say.
Two Grade II listed piers on the Isle of Wight have been put up for sale.
South Africa head coach Mark Domingo is set to leave his post at the end of the season to focus on the 2019 World Cup.
Some of the UK's biggest internet service providers (ISPs) are still not doing enough to protect their systems after the TalkTalk hack, an audit has found.
Online gambling firms may be breaking consumer law by offering "wagering requirements" which prevent punters from withdrawing their winnings, regulators have said.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in the 1-1 draw with Poland in Nice was not good enough.
Electrical fields could improve the ability of people with dyscalculia to solve maths puzzles, according to scientists at Cardiff University.
The family of a cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Bradford have paid tribute to a "truly inspirational father".
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has obtained millions of phone records from several major technology companies, according to documents obtained by the Guardian.
Rory McIlroy says he is "not feeling great" ahead of the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire batsman Chris Bell has announced his retirement from international cricket.
The mayor of Nice, Bernard Cazeneuve, has said he will sue the French interior ministry for defamation over the attack on the seaside city last month.
Lewis Hamilton said it was a "very, very odd weekend" as Mercedes dominated the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye, the former state minister of internal affairs and national political commissar to Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, is one of the country's most prominent opposition politicians.
A Cardiff man has said he fears for his pets after he discovered a colony of tube web spiders in his garden.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of more than £30m for 2016.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found at a property in Oxfordshire.
A Nobel laureate has said he is "really sorry" for making sexist remarks about women in science.
The number of people seeking help for long-term care in England has fallen to its lowest level in five years, official figures show.
A Bolivian air traffic control worker has written an open letter accusing her superiors of a cover-up over the deadly Chapecoense plane crash last month.
Four members of a cult in China have been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of the murder of a mother in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry's feud with Taylor Swift is not the first time she's been caught up in a feud.
A minute's silence has been held in Cardiff Bay in support of the victims of the Paris attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
More than £500,000 was spent by Welsh civil servants in the first three months of the financial year, the Welsh Conservatives have claimed.
Plans for a new Scottish film studio in Dundee have moved a step closer.
Prue Leith is to step down from judging The Great British Menu after 11 years.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game as Egypt ended Uganda's hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Dog owners in Oxford could face tougher penalties under plans being considered by the city council.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe's political crisis.
The University of Stafford has announced plans to turn a Grade II-listed building into an education centre.
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami in Greenland.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A90 near Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump "very shortly", the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department tried to force the FBI to unclassify a Hillary Clinton email, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the most expensive city in the world to live in terms of quality of life, according to a survey.
Gillingham manager Neil Pennock says the club's new-look squad is "pulling together in the right direction".
Lionsgate Pictures has signed a deal to distribute video games through its Steam platform, the company has announced.
Mexican authorities say they have broken up the group responsible for the escape of jailed drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman.
Plans for a new primary school in North Lanarkshire have been put on hold until the end of October.
Some small businesses will have to pay more in VAT from 1 April 2017, the government has announced.
Plans to make five traditional GCSE subjects compulsory for all pupils in England are "unfair", the head of the Association of School and College Leaders has said.
Portsmouth Naval Base has been officially opened to the public.
Police are continuing their search for a man who has been missing from his home in Edinburgh.
Fishermen and anglers are being asked to report sightings of an endangered shark off the coast of Wales.
Lava from a volcano on the Hawaiian island of Hawaii has started spewing into the sky.
A Sinn Féin TD in the Republic of Ireland's Dáil (parliament) has failed in her bid to have an injunction against RTÉ discharged.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been stripped of his Tour de France title for failing a drugs test.
The US says it is working with Czech and Russian officials to free a US citizen who was abducted while working in Syria.
An independent review into the murder of Pat Finucane by loyalist paramilitaries in west Belfast has found that the RUC had a "degree" of responsibility.
Scottish Football Association chief executive Martin Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on the issue of match-fixing.
The Chicago police officer who shot and killed a black teenager last year has pleaded not guilty.
The publisher of the Independent newspaper, ESI Media, is to stop printing its print editions in March.
Newport County have rejected a bid from Gillingham to sign former Gills boss David Edinburgh.
A plastic fiver has been introduced in the UK for the first time.
A 79-year-old Australian man who went missing six days ago has told the BBC that he is lucky to be alive.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side are "not ready to fight for the Premier League" after their 2-0 home defeat by Liverpool left them 12 points clear at the top.
Syrian state television has reported that government forces have captured a district of the central city of Homs.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka is understood to have been racially abused at Heathrow Airport on Monday.
Protesters in the eastern Russian region of Abkhazia are demanding the resignation of the president, accusing him of trying to destabilise the region.
The Indian Ministry of Transport (MoT) has been praised on Twitter for helping a pregnant woman find milk for her newborn daughter.
Pop group Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" to describe people who have been psychiatric inpatients.
Arsenal and Chelsea say they are "extremely disappointed" by claims made in the Sunday Times that a doctor has abused elite footballers.
Campaigners hoping to elect an elected mayor for south east Wales have said they are "not going to hit the target".
Plans to close two of the UK's most important naval sites have been approved by the government, with the loss of hundreds of jobs.
Nigeria's military says it has recaptured most of the schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in north-eastern Borno state on Tuesday.
Ten men have been arrested in connection with a raid on an illegal tobacco factory in Birmingham.
The way Surrey Police investigates more complex crime is still "not good enough", the police watchdog has said.
The BBC Global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
The only surviving Victorian reception house in the capital has been given Grade II listed status.
An Iranian cartoonist has won an international competition to depict US President Donald Trump as a Nazi sympathiser.
Voters across the United States have been turning to social media in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Port Vale maintained their 100% start to the League One season with victory over West Bromwich Albion.
Ipswich Town have re-signed defender Michael Keane on a one-year deal following his release by Norwich City.
Items worth more than £20,000 have been stolen from a house in Aberdeenshire.
Leaders of Scotland's political parties have been reacting to the news that six people have been killed and six injured in a car crash in Glasgow.
England secured their place in the World Rugby Under-20 Championship final with a 24-22 victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
One lane of the M4 has been closed in Northamptonshire after a lorry overturned.
The Serpentine gallery in central London has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said there is an "urgent need" for an effective executive to be in place.
An engineering firm in the Highlands is set to create up to 100 new jobs after securing funding from the Scottish government.
The family of an 82-year-old woman who was found dead in her Edinburgh home have paid tribute to their "beloved mother, grandmother and friend".
Firefighters in Chile say they are dealing with the worst of a series of devastating forest fires in the country.
The US and Israel have sharply criticised Israel for announcing plans to build new settlements in the occupied West Bank.
A couple arrested at Eurotunnel have been told they must return home, a High Court judge has ruled.
A statue of Mary Macarthur has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the first women chainmakers in the UK.
Kenya's security forces must reintegrate more than 600 young men and women into the armed forces, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
An 18-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
Two 14-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of themselves and others on social media.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for killing two soldiers and wounding three others in revenge for bullying.
Toyota is to invest more than £100m in its engine plant in Derbyshire as a result of Brexit.
Wales will have to pay more if the sport sector does not invest more money in improving facilities, the chief executive of the governing body has warned.
South Africa's leader of the opposition Democratic Alliance (DA), Helen Zille, has announced she is stepping down from her post.
British welterweight champion Darren Eubank Jr says he is willing to give his father a British title belt in a "goodwill gesture".
A couple in the US state of Alaska have spoken of the moment they found out their son had been killed in Juneau.
Championship side Queens Park Rangers have re-signed left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament has no power to trigger Brexit without the consent of the Scottish Parliament, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Coleraine.
A lawyer for the family of Gerry Adams has called claims that the IRA murdered former MI5 agent David Donaldson as "absolute nonsense".
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a World War Two prisoner of war who faced the "greatest test of his career".
An explosive device has been found on the side of a road in Londonderry.
Nico Rosberg edged Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix.
Nursery staff at a Ceredigion nursery have been told to increase the height of existing walls after a child was left unattended on a minibus.
Retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell its B&Q chain in China to China's Wumei Holdings.
A major trade deal between Canada and the European Union (EU) has collapsed after Belgium's regional assembly rejected it.
Survivors of the Aberfan smelting disaster in Merthyr Tydfil have been speaking for the first time at a conference in Cardiff.
The Last Samuri is the favourite to win the Grand National for the second year in a row on Saturday.
Welsh boxer Michael McKenzie will make his professional debut for the first time when he defends his IBF world title against a former world champion.
The RSPB has issued a warning about plastic bags after a rare marine bird was photographed on a loch in Aberdeenshire.
Police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found on a street in Greater Manchester.
The majority of people in Nottinghamshire have voted to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma thrashed Bologna to go top of Serie A.
Scotland's Culture and European Affairs watchdog has criticised the Scottish government's handling of the Strathallan music festival.
Anthony Joshua has "George Foreman, Frank Bruno brutish strength" in him, according to former world heavyweight champion Chris Harrison.
The sudden death of the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu (Tamil Nadu), Jayaram Jayalalitha, has shocked the country.
Police investigating the discovery of human remains in a motorway embankment believe they may have been subjected to a crime.
More than 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base in northern Afghanistan, the Afghan army says.
It's been an incredible year for Britain's Davis Cup team.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade has opened its doors to the public.
New Falkirk manager Neil Houston is aiming for promotion to the Scottish Championship.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Cornwall.
Kilcoo produced a superb second-half display to beat Scotstown 1-13 to 0-13 in the All-Ireland Football semi-final at Croke Park.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins will miss out on a place in Great Britain's triathlon squad for next month's Rio Olympics because of illness.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he will stand down at the end of June.
The inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington in Cumbria has been adjourned until next year.
US space agency United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled a new version of its Atlas and Delta rockets.
Drake and Azealia Banks have paid tribute to rapper A$AP Yams after his death in New York.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Billy Saunders is investigating claims that striker Mame Biram Diouf was involved in a sex attack before a match.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not daunted by the challenge of Slovenian side Maribor in Thursday's Europa League qualifier.
World number one Henrik Stenson and world number one Justin Rose have been paired together for the final foursomes of the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
Demand for grade A office space in Belfast is continuing to slow, according to property agents.
In the days after the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, Japan's nuclear safety agency upgraded the level of radiation released from the Fukushima Daiichi plant to the highest level ever.
A police helicopter in Northamptonshire was targeted by a laser in the sky, the force has said.
An artificial intelligence system that can read people's lips has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
As Theresa May prepares to make her first public statement since leaving the European Union, there is a sense of relief in Downing Street.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to avoid eating poisonous cane toads.
Pakistan captain Waqar Zaman says he has no doubts about the International Cricket Council (ICC)'s handling of the second Test between England and Pakistan.
An unskippable 30-second video adverts are to be removed from Google's search engine.
Swansea City defender Chris Chester and Reading defender James Matthews have been called up to Wales' squad for June's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium.
The Equality Commission has been criticised in court over its decision to order a Muslim baker to bake a gay wedding cake.
Athletics' governing body has ratified proposals to wipe all world and European records from the books if they do not meet all three criteria.
The son of a man accused of forcing him and another man to work for £50 a day has told Cardiff Crown Court how he was offered work by his father.
A 25-year-old woman who died following a two-vehicle crash in Belfast city centre has been named by police.
Rugby's world governing body has opened its doors to the public for the first time since the sport was invented in 1823.
The first female Officer Commanding at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst has said she is "pinching herself" after being appointed.
A jewellers has been robbed at knifepoint.
Paul Stirling and Mark Robson hit centuries as Middlesex dominated day two against Yorkshire at Headingley.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was shot in the eye with a laser pen.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added just 138,000 jobs in May, a sharp slowdown from the previous month, according to official figures.
Reading midfielder Ben McAnuff says he would consider leaving the Championship club when his contract expires at the end of the season.
The average number of steps a person takes every day is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement, a study suggests.
NHS Direct, which ran the old telephone advice line in parts of England, is facing a £26m deficit, the BBC has learned.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City head coach Russell Slade knows the pressure on his job, according to the club's director of football Jim Dalman.
Retailer Next has won a High Court battle against HM Revenue and Customs over the amount it paid in corporation tax on overseas profits.
Banksy has been nominated for this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A police officer who tackled a knife-wielding attacker who killed MP Jo Cox has been awarded the Queen's Medal for bravery.
An Irish Paralympic gold medallist has said he was "almost passed out" after being shown a scan showing a tumour in his spine.
In the wake of Monday's suicide bomb attack in Manchester, it's hard to know exactly when the attack will take place.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Dundrod Grand Prix because of injury.
"I'm fine, thanks," was how Cynthia told me when she woke up in Garissa the morning after Thursday's attack by Islamist militants.
The price of carbon in the European Union has fallen below 4.8 euros (£4.4; $5.4) a tonne for the first time since the global financial crisis.
Ghana has ordered a private company to pay more than Â£2m (£1.3m) after it was found to have spent more than half a million dollars on an imported passenger bus.
Four French police officers have been arrested in Marseille on suspicion of trying to recruit jihadists, France's interior minister has said.
The Hillsborough inquests into the deaths of 96 football fans have been opened and adjourned.
The man who led searches for the remains of the Disappeared during the Troubles has died.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been put on hold.
The mother of a baby with tonsillitis has spoken of her "total loss of faith" in the NHS after her son was found in his oesophagus.
Malaysia's government has cancelled a concert in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, because of a photo of singer Rani Badu with tattoos on her body.
A critically endangered sea turtle which washed up on British and European shores is being cared for by an aquarium.
It's been another busy year for me as England women's captain.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed former Saracens full-back James Tomkins on a two-year contract.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jack Wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Cardiff City manager Paul Cox says striker James Cook "does not want to sign for another Conference club".
Luke Procter made his maiden first-class century as Lancashire dominated day two against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says there is still "a lot of work to do" after his side suffered a 3-0 series whitewash in Australia.
A female panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park is due to give birth to her first cub, officials have confirmed.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in Bucharest on Friday has risen to 23, officials say.
A woman has admitted killing her husband on a night out in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay more than £300,000 to the parents of an eight-year-old girl who suffered severe brain injuries.
Concerns have been raised about the long-term future of a boy who had sex with his aunt when he was a child, a judge has ruled.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a man who threatened to kill her have lost their appeal at the Supreme Court.
Facebook "tramples" on European and other privacy laws by collecting personal data on its users, a Belgian watchdog has said.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have insisted they will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
NHS Wales' public health watchdog, the Wales Board of Community Health Councils (CHCs), says it is "disappointing" it has been described as the "best kept secret in Wales".
US TV network HBO has cancelled the second season of Sir Mick Jagger drama Vinyl.
Childline Northern Ireland received a record number of calls from children suffering from suicidal thoughts last year.
Plans for a new £2m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been given the go-ahead.
Swimmer Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the 200m individual medley at the World Aquatics Championships.
Two firecrackers have been thrown at Metz goalkeeper Antoine Lopes during a pre-season friendly between the French club and Lyon.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men died in a crash in Staffordshire.
Margo MacDonald has launched her second attempt to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
Hundreds of Baltimore Orioles fans have been locked out of a baseball game in protest over the death of a black man in police custody.
Transgender people in many parts of the world have come a long way since the birth of their first child.
Swiss voters will go to the polls on 8 June to decide whether the country should remain in the European Union.
One person has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A465 Hereford Road.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum.
The quiet of Port Talbot is one of the quietest places in Wales.
A radicalised Muslim convert has been jailed for five years for attacking a boy and a girl who were hugging.
Prison conditions in England and Wales are "less safe and less decent" than they were even a year ago, according to the Prison Trust.
A 41-year-old man has been charged after a number of people were injured in an incident in Belfast city centre.
Rescue workers in Aceh province in Indonesia say they have recovered more than 100 people from the rubble after a powerful earthquake on Tuesday.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 2-13 to 0-13 in the Division Three game at Corrigan Park.
A French woman has become the first to sue the government over air pollution in the capital, Paris.
Hosts Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 as Denmark came from behind to beat them in extra time and reach the quarter-finals.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" in favour of equal access to marriage for transgender people.
An Irish privacy campaigner is taking Facebook to the High Court in a bid to force the social network to stop transferring data to US spy agencies.
Birmingham City captain Joe Robinson has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract.
Firefighters have been called out to a number of properties in south-east London in a bid to rid them of pests.
Forests in Poland have described as "undoubtedly the worst disaster" in the country's forestry history, after severe storms swept through the country.
Northern Ireland's Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its budget to fund further education staff redundancies.
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to five points by beating Berwick Rangers 2-0.
The original interview notes of four men accused of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have gone missing, it has emerged.
Councils should be given the power to take on the running of failing academies, councils have said.
The benefits of cholesterol-lowering drug statins can outweigh the risk of heart attacks and strokes, according to a review of evidence.
Astronaut Tim Peake has become the first person in history to parachute into space.
Romania won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory over China in the men's team epee.
A new tax on diesel cars is to be introduced across the UK, the government has announced.
Dundee manager Neil McCann says it will be up to the club's managing director to decide if he wants to strengthen his squad.
The International Olympic Committee president, Thomas Bach, says he has no regrets over the decision to ban the Russian team from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions flanker John Faull has died at the age of 83.
A decade of economic growth and a long history of affirmative action in India has produced a mixed picture.
Tiger Woods says he is "feeling good" about his recovery from back surgery, despite fears he may not be able to swing a golf club again.
A woman has described the moment she woke up to find a man had been shot in the leg outside her house in west Belfast.
The co-founder of the so-called Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.
David Fox scored twice as League Two promotion hopefuls Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield.
The London Sevens is the biggest tournament in the world of sevens rugby, and it is one of the biggest tournaments in the sport's history.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon said his side will not be back in the Premiership for quite a while.
A hang glider pilot has been found dead at a nature reserve in Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Scott Morrison says they need to improve their "game management" following their 2-1 home defeat by Birmingham City.
Zambia coach David Chambeshi believes his side have the strength and power to beat Germany on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuelan government officials ahead of Sunday's elections for a new constituent assembly.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin has said.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp on the outskirts of Paris.
BBC Radio 4's Today programme presenter Jon Snow is campaigning for the future of one of the world's oldest running ferry services.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car are raising money to set up a centre of excellence for young people.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd singer Syd Barrett is to be unveiled next year, its designer has revealed.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been condemned by human rights group Human Rights Watch for comments he made about a female missionary.
Former Conservative prime minister Sir John Major has called for a second referendum on the UK's membership of the EU "absolute rubbish".
The winners of an online photography competition have been announced at an exhibition in Bristol.
The number of enquiries about GCSE and A-level results in England, Wales and Northern Ireland reached record levels in 2015, official figures show.
Boeing has reported a drop in sales and profits for the three months to the end of December as demand for its military and commercial planes continued to decline.
Coleraine rowers Paul Cassells and Chris Scrimgeour won the lightweight pair title at the European Rowing Championships in Stuttgart.
Australia beat India by seven wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
A "societal need" for online university courses is to be met within five years, the head of one of the world's biggest online universities has said.
Belfast Stakes won for the first time in four years on Sunday, finishing third in a thrilling race at Ascot.
The Irish Travelling community is genetically close to settled people in the Republic of Ireland, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise a stretch of road which was closed due to rock falls has begun, Highland Council has said.
A 41-year-old man has been charged with murder after the bodies of a man and woman were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, ahead of team-mates Tom Bishop and Philip Graves.
A fundraising campaign has been launched to raise more than £10m towards the revamp of Sheffield's Burrell Museum.
The first salmon have been spotted in a Somerset valley following a major restoration project.
Yemenia Airways has been ordered to pay compensation to the families of more than 150 people killed in a plane crash off the coast of the Comoros Islands in March 2015.
Governor Bobby Jindal's speech to the Republican National Convention on Thursday night is a good example of how not to go down to defeat for a third time in a row.
Orlando City Women have signed former world player of the year Marta for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour leader Andy Murray has declared victory in the general election.
Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Philippe Frayssinous.
Twin sisters Gabriella and Jacques have been born to the Prince Albert of Monaco.
A sexual health clinic is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital for rape victims.
Kirsty Smyth missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the 200m at the Commonwealth Games as fellow Northern Ireland sprinter Andy Reid was disqualified.
Eight people have been arrested in connection with violent disorder on the M20 in Maidstone, Kent.
Accountants, banks and accountants should be liable for financial penalties if they help people evade tax, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in "crisis".
UKIP's deputy leader has called on Nigel Farage to "take a break" as leader.
The Wedgwood Museum has signed off on the sale of its art collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Saudi Arabia is one of the wealthiest countries in the Arab world, with a wealth of oil, gas and natural resources.
The number of children being bullied online in England and Wales has more than doubled in a year, according to new figures.
Police investigating the rape of a 14-year-old girl in Hertfordshire have released an E-fit image of the attacker they want to speak to.
Six swans have been killed after being hit by a car in County Fermanagh.
Plans for a supermarket in a Corn Exchange town centre have been given the go-ahead after the owners agreed a deal worth £300,000.
When the prime minister said "opportunity" in school sport was at the heart of his election manifesto, he meant it.
Sexually transmitted infections such as syphilis and gonorrhoea have risen sharply in England over the past five years, new figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead after a crash in the final stage.
Instagram star Jeremy Vine has spoken out against the "bullying" video posted on social media in which a teenage boy is punched to the ground.
More than two-thirds of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to a new report.
A Prestwick airfield says it expects to have the highest amount of traffic it has ever had for a summer period this year.
US technology giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut 2,500 jobs as part of an overhaul of its business.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Motherwell.
The number of hours taken by ambulance crews to handover patients at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in two years.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman in Oxford.
The former director of the Academy of Ancient Music, Christopher Vogwood, has died at the age of 82.
Staff at a zoo in Saudi Arabia say they have found the birth of a lion cub at the centre of a major animal rescue operation.
George Osborne is to meet Germany's finance minister in Berlin later as part of talks aimed at securing his government's backing for the UK exit from the EU.
An Australian company has been fined for causing the collapse of part of a sacred rock in a remote part of the country.
Black Friday, the UK's biggest shopping day of the year, is coming to an end on Friday.
A transgender woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has become the country's first female police officer.
GAA director general Michael Duffy has called for the introduction of a new round of inter-county football fixtures to address the issues of player burnout.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Glasgow.
A British company has developed a 3D-scan prosthetic arm that could be fitted to amputees' hands.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig believes manager Ronny Deila is to blame for the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the biggest stadiums in the world and it will be a huge place when Manchester City take on Real Madrid in Wednesday's semi-final.
Wrexham striker Chris Morrell says he is "only too happy" to help out with first team affairs at Colliers Park following the appointment of Billy Saunders as manager.
As the pound continues to fall against the dollar, US fashion blogger Marc DeLeon has been indulging in a bargain-hunting lifestyle in the UK.
Civil servants are being asked to work on the UK border as part of a dispute over public sector pensions, the BBC has learned.
Olympic 10,000m silver medallist Shola Cheruiyot was beaten out of the Olympic 1500m gold medal at Rio 2016 by compatriot Sofia Almaz.
The bodies of two men who were killed in a "flashover explosion" at an industrial site in Edinburgh have been recovered, police have said.
The US and UK say air drops on besieged areas of Syria are the "last resort to relieve human suffering".
Elite firms in the UK are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, according to a report.
Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion have re-signed England Under-21 central midfielder Samir Carruthers on loan until the end of the season.
The US government is suing former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong for more than $5m (Â£3.3m) in damages.
A new partnership for people with rare diseases in Northern Ireland has been launched.
Two teenage girls accused of stabbing a classmate to death in Wisconsin have been ordered to stand trial as adults after a judge refused to allow them to go to adult court.
The US army has given the go-ahead to work on the final section of a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
Hungary's governing centre-right Fidesz party has held its final rally in the capital, Budapest, ahead of Sunday's general election.
Two men have been remanded in custody charged in connection with the theft of goods worth more than £300,000 from a Denbighshire factory.
A Danish prince has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after being pulled from the surf on the country's Gold Coast.
When Boris Johnson announced that the UK would leave the European Union, he said: "There will be no ban on bananas being sold in bunches of two or three."
At the age of 16, Kailash Kohli was working in an engineering classroom in Delhi, when his teacher told him to build a robot.
The US has carried out air strikes on al-Shabab militants in Somalia, the Pentagon has said.
Part of a stained glass window at a Cardiff church has been damaged in a suspected arson attack.
A 55-year-old man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a garden wall in Birmingham.
All primary school pupils in England will have to know their maths times tables by the end of this year.
British Gymnastics says it is investigating a video posted on social media in which Olympic silver medallist Adam Smith appears to mock Islam.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to prevent the closure of the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
One of the UK's largest outsourcing companies, G4S, has reported pre-tax profits of £3.2bn for the three months to the end of June.
Venezuelan police have shot dead a bus driver who had been protesting against the government, officials say.
European plane maker Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its A380 superjumbo jet.
The head of one of the UK's biggest fund managers has warned that the UK could go out of business if it leaves the European Union.
Rescue workers in the Indian city of Mumbai say they are searching for the builders of an illegal high rise that collapsed in the city.
US fund manager BlackRock plans to cut a further 10,000 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures, according to reports.
James Dwyer is not the first British footballer to turn professional.
Russia should "dance on the table" and "sing a song" as part of efforts to reinstate its athletics federation, says the country's minister.
Two workers at a crematorium in Somerset have been sacked after their ashes were mistakenly scattered.
One of the UK's biggest media companies, BSkyB, is to make an impassioned defence of the BBC on Thursday.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has offered junior doctors' leaders the opportunity to meet this week in a bid to resolve their long-running dispute.
Hamilton Academical came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle for the first time this season.
A £15m fund has been announced by the government for projects in the north of England.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while eight months pregnant.
Italian police say they have foiled an attempt to smuggle cocaine with an estimated street value of more than $2bn (£1.3bn).
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will implement a controversial law aimed at reviving the country's struggling economy.
A new code of conduct for police officers in Scotland has come into effect.
A 79-year-old woman has been told she will have to dig up a road to install a telephone line.
Alex Salmond was one of Scotland's greatest political leaders.
Designer Tommy Hilfiger has said he was "very unhappy" about a report that suggested Gigi Hadid was not thin enough.
Casey Kasem's stepmother has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against his family, US media report.
Russian football fan Ilya Shprygin has been expelled from France after being arrested on suspicion of extremism.
President Yahya Jammeh of the Democratic Republic of Congo has been arrested on charges of embezzlement and misuse of public funds.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock despite being sent off in the second half for the sending off of Vincenzo Pascali.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to four points with victory over St Johnstone.
South Africa have qualified for the quarter-finals of the Rugby Sevens World Series in Rio.
Google has introduced a new system to stop people setting up automated "captcha checks" on websites.
Paralympic sprinter Michael Smyth is aiming to improve on his disappointing performance at the European Championships in Daegu in South Korea.
A fairytale castle cake and "Disney princesses" have been stolen from a golf club following a party attended by Irish Gypsies.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns told MPs there are "a whole series of issues and challenges" that will remain after Brexit.
Belfast-based Mexican restaurant Boojum has been sold for an undisclosed sum.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk cyber attack in London, police have said.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border, Russian officials say.
Dozens of air strikes have been carried out in the Iraqi city of Falluja against so-called Islamic State (IS), the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an Achilles injury.
Our Duke, ridden by Padraig Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the third year in a row as he finished second in Saturday's Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed yn ôl ym Môn wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn gyda thîm Cymru.
The number of NHS trusts in England rated as "outstanding" and "poor" has been cut in a bid to improve patient safety.
A disabled man is in a critical condition in hospital following a "vicious attack" at his home in Inverness on Monday.
A motorcyclist has died after his car left the road and hit a tree.
Iran is in the midst of one of the biggest paylips scandals in its history.
Rangers at Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming say they have rescued a calf from a herd of bison.
House price growth in the UK accelerated to 7.6% in the year to March 2016, official figures show.
Teaching assistants in Gloucestershire face being "driven into poverty and relying on food banks", the county council has said.
Torquay United have completed the signing of Gibraltar international Callum O'Neill on a two-year deal.
Martina Veronelli will step down as coach of British number one Heather Watson at the end of the season.
In the wake of the attack on an aid convoy and hospital in Damascus on Friday, there has been renewed scepticism about a proposed ceasefire between the Syrian government and rebel groups.
Two Cambridge schoolboys have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to "vive le Canada because we need you very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
"Twenty years ago you had no idea that you were going to become an entrepreneur," says Victoria Terry.
The mother of a 12-year-old boy who died after being changed in his genitalia did not take an overall view of what was happening, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new wildlife centre in a Nottinghamshire forest have been criticised.
A letter from the US President George W Bush to his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin has been put up for auction.
A museum in Singapore has agreed to return a bronze sculpture thought to have been stolen from a temple in India.
One of the world's oldest passenger trains has arrived in Kent.
Five-time major winner Luke Donald says he decided not to be a "baby" when he retired from professional golf.
In the early 20th Century, on the shores of Lake Superior in Camaguey province in the north-east of Cuba, a small fishing village was set up.
Elections will be held on 11 May in England and Wales.
There will be 40,000 fewer cases of dementia in women in the UK over the next 20 years, a study suggests.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a High Court decision not to prosecute a father who took his children on holiday in term time.
The family of a Dundee man who was known as "Santa's Little Helper" have said they are "proud" of him.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the funeral of a German woman who was killed fighting Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Theresa May has set out her "bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country" at the Conservative Party conference.
An American football referee has died after being punched during a game in the US state of Michigan, police say.
A 22-year-old woman has been shot dead in a "brutal act of violence" in the US state of Maryland, police say.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to persuade a young soldier to commit acts of terrorism.
An Indian journalist has been arrested on charges of fabricating a government document that banned Muslims from teaching yoga.
Scientists have measured the amplitude of the tides at the bottom of the Loch Ness loch.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash which killed 11 people will not be held until 2017, it has been announced.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines in Aberdeenshire and stealing more than £100,000.
Pope Francis "destroyed our unity" by failing to condemn child sexual abuse, Australia's most senior bishop has said.
Celtic are in talks with Manchester City over the potential signing of Manchester City midfielder Pat Roberts.
An animatronics engineer has created a robot that can travel at speeds of up to 5km/h (1mph).
Smaller firms are more likely to be victims of cyber attacks, according to a survey.
Pope Francis has arrived in the capital, Nairobi, where he is expected to make his first major visit to Africa.
The new head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he is "committed" to fighting tax evasion and fiscal fraud.
Laura Muir has set a new Scottish record for the women's 4x400m relay.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored the only goal of the game as Birmingham City came from behind to beat Newcastle United and reach the third round of the FA Cup.
Mark Cavendish says he is "proud" of his British team-mates after they missed out on Olympic gold in the men's road race in Copenhagen.
Pop group All Saints are celebrating their 90th birthday - but what do they know about their past?
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares have been knocked out of the ATP World Tour Finals for the second year in a row.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers are being urged to clean up the Isle of Man's beaches.
A blanket ban on the sale and supply of so-called legal highs has been announced by the government.
As NFL commissioner Roger Goodell prepares for the start of the new NFL season, what is it like for America's most popular sport?
A nurse has been jailed for seven years for sexually assaulting patients at a hospital where he worked.
Ballyliffin, County Donegal, is to host the Irish Open in 2019 and 2020.
Lancashire's Jack Leaning hit his first first-class half-century of the season to put his side in a strong position against Yorkshire at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays farmers for their milk.
Hewlett-Packard (HPE) has apologised to users of its printers who may have lost their ink cartridges.
The sale of the Los Angeles Clippers franchise to Donald Sterling has been approved by a California judge, after the former NBA executive revoked his blessing.
A primary school has been forced to close because of an outbreak of norovirus.
More than 70,000 people in Wales have not registered to vote ahead of May's assembly election, the Presiding Officer of the Electoral Commission has said.
Royal Dutch Shell says it is "as well prepared as any company can be" to deal with the risks of drilling in the Arctic.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox after she was found guilty of murder.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "fierce punitive and deterring response" to stone-throwing in the wake of the death of an 18-year-old Russian man earlier this week.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to ask the Supreme Court to consider a controversial abortion bill.
The crew of the St Abbs RNLI lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have agreed to take back their pagers in a bid to save the station.
Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century as Surrey made a winning start to their County Championship Division Two campaign against Nottinghamshire.
Premier League club Wolves have been bought by Chinese investment group Fosun.
Bumblebees, chaffinches and goldfinches are struggling to find a suitable place to nest, according to new research.
The Prince of Wales has told the Royal Military Academy's officer cadets they face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears".
Leicester City have completed the signing of Algeria international Riyad Mahamadou from French club Le Havre.
A series of deadly drone strikes in Yemen has sent shockwaves around the world.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray has urged his side to build on their impressive start to the Six Nations.
Northern Ireland tourism is at a "crossroads", according to a Department of Enterprise and Trade report.
On the day of Rodrigo Kelton's death, his team mates gathered in a small chapel in Rio de Janeiro to remember the 14-year-old striker.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after what was thought to be a synthetic cannabinoid was mistakenly taken as MDMA.
Rolling Stones frontman Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his longtime partner, L'Wren Scott.
Plans to build 1.8 million new homes on greenbelt land in York have been unveiled by the city council.
One of Africa's biggest radio stations has gone out of business in Zimbabwe.
NHS England is being urged to ring-fence an extra £250m in funding for children's mental health services, amid concerns some services are being cut.
The family of a teenage Eurovision Song Contest final contestant are planning a "real celebration" to celebrate his success.
Salford Red Devils have re-signed Leeds Rhinos scrum-half Liam Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again - it's time to get active!
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on the challenges faced by women in Africa.
Two Russian diplomats have been expelled from the United States after an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow, the White House says.
Ben Stokes struck an unbeaten half-century as England beat India by eight wickets in the first one-day international to take a 2-1 series lead.
A police force has been referred to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has a "moral obligation" to investigate and punish those responsible for the killings of people in Northern Ireland, the European Court of Human Rights has said.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Disability Works programme, we look at how artificial intelligence is changing the way we interact with computers.
An 18-year-old man arrested in connection with the disappearance of two teenagers from Yorkshire has been released on bail.
Great Britain's Chris Scott won his second World Cup windsurfing gold of the season with victory in the men's 470 in Palma.
The 100th anniversary of the freedom of Yeovil Naval Base has been marked with a parade.
A man whose car was stolen has said he has been told he will not face any further police inquiries.
Kechara Khong is one of Malaysia's most successful charity workers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing Nigeria's education system.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning over "credible threats" to tourist sites in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
A number of people have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
Japan's Nuclear Accident Investigation Commission (NACC) has described the 2011 earthquake and tsunami at the Fukushima nuclear plant as a "manmade disaster".
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down in June.
Natwest Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned customers they could be charged interest if the Bank of England turns the official interest rate negative.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
The Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs in the best-of-seven NBA Finals to win a 3-2 series.
Wolves striker Rhys Coady is determined to take the pressure off his former club Liverpool when they meet at Anfield on Wednesday.
A County Londonderry bar has been closed following the death of an 18-year-old man.
A Pembrokeshire man has been banned from owning animals for three years.
Albania have been banned from playing their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia in Belgrade after Uefa's decision to penalise them for crowd trouble.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it has struck a "major milestone" in its search for new sponsors.
League Two side Wrexham were beaten 3-0 by Yeovil Town in their first pre-season friendly.
Pakistan have been cleared to tour India for the World Twenty20 in March and April.
Blackburn Rovers winger James Morrison has urged manager Gary Rowett to give his side "a bit between their teeth" in their relegation battle.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer says he will form a government "that will save the nation" after the Senate voted to impeach President Dilma Rousseff.
The story of China's first emperor has been linked to one of the world's largest floods, according to new research.
A Florida teenager has been charged with fraud and theft after allegedly posing as a medical doctor on Facebook.
Rafael Nadal is one of the world's most successful tennis players.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports season had its highest number of days last year, according to new figures.
Two police officers have been found guilty of conspiring to smuggle illegal drugs into the UK.
Lancashire captain James Giles says his side are "far from safe" following a poor start to the season.
A "damaged and dangerous" Polish man has been jailed for life for raping and robbing a woman in Leicester.
Cornwall are "not perfect" in their bid to retain the Challenge Cup at Twickenham, says director of rugby Dai Dawe.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey is helping students get home safely from the University of Texas at Austin.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over state property immediately after they leave office.
Donald Trump says he will rebuild the US "in the worst shape they've ever been in before".
Ex-Peterborough United and Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 74.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a beach in Lochaber.
The Northern Ireland attorney general has failed in his attempt to invoke his powers to appeal against a High Court ruling on gay marriage.
Three Labour leadership candidates have been accused of trying to invite a legal challenge over the exclusion of non-Labour supporters in the general election.
The family of a doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight because he refused to give up his seat say they will sue the airline.
The killing of an Aberdeen man in Syria was "targeted, what's called extra-judicial killing", Lib Dem MP Harriet Harman has said.
The Welsh Amateur Boxing Association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify for public money, according to a report commissioned by the sport's governing body.
Three Edinburgh schools have been closed due to safety concerns.
A German woman who suffered pulmonary embolism after taking Bayer's Yasmin contraceptive pill has launched a civil case against the company.
The escalators at one of London's busiest Tube stations are being extended to allow more people to board.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer will be able to claim compensation under a new fund set up by the government.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US House of Representatives has voted against a plan to repeal and replace President Barack Obama's healthcare law.
Australian artist Betty Churcher has died at the age of 84.
Moody's has changed its rating of the UK following the country's vote to leave the European Union.
The first trial of two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime has begun in the capital, Phnom Penh.
Richard Oz, the editor-in-chief of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey duo Jake and Kodi for a month ahead of the start of the 2016-17 season.
There is "no threat whatsoever" to law-abiding EU citizens living in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been reunited with his owner after being found at a pet store.
An Ipswich Town fan accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a football match on Saturday.
The Home Office has launched an investigation into the alleged illegal immigration of more than 100 workers at takeaway chains in the UK.
Red Bull's Mark Webber took pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel lost the race to Mercedes team-mate Max Verstappen.
The new chief constable of Hampshire Constabulary has been announced by the police and crime commissioner.
Michael Irivine has become the first Northern Ireland boxer to win a medal at the European Indoor Boxing Championships.
Olympic skip Dave Brewster has secured his place at next month's European Curling Championships in Braehead, Scotland.
Donegal will host Galway in the All-Ireland qualifier at Croke Park on Saturday.
There has been much speculation about when the UK will hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union.
TV catchphrases have been used to describe Prime Minister Theresa May as "stupid boys" during a business statement.
Derby County striker Christian Bent has urged his team-mates to go into the Championship play-offs with "no real confidence".
It's been an eventful week in the world of entertainment, from the Grammys to the Oscars.
Partick Thistle came from behind to draw with Ross County at Firhill.
Dozens of people have been forced to leave their homes in the eastern Ukrainian city of Voronezh as shelling continues.
One of the world's largest Roman mosaics is to be made available to the public, the city's mayor has said.
The Scottish Parliament should have full control of income tax as well as some welfare benefits, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
Nigeria's Agriculture Minister Ahmed Adesina has been awarded this year's World Food Prize, which recognises efforts to improve food security in rural Africa.
An armed police officer has been reprimanded after he was spotted carrying a handgun at a railway station.
The El Nino weather phenomenon is set to have the strongest year on record, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Scientists in the US say they have made the world's smallest organ - a rat kidney.
A US university has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apple.
Tornado steam trains are going back on to the rails in Cumbria.
Meet Anna, who has become the first person in the world to complete a Couch to 5K challenge.
Plans have been unveiled to create a national marine centre in Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Passport exit checks are to be introduced in the UK for the first time as part of measures aimed at reducing the number of people leaving the country.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle will retire from gymnastics at the end of this season after failing to win a medal at London 2012.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ryan Pearce following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Comedian Graham McPherson has said it was a "privilege" to go on Hastings Pier for the first time.
An Australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his ex-wife in a cafe siege.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation "lost the plot" over a £1m pay-off to a senior executive.
Kilmarnock were held to a goalless draw by Hamilton Academical in the Scottish Premiership.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side will "change up again" after coming from behind to beat Northern Ireland 1-0 at Twickenham.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead outside a Liverpool pub.
Former Aberdeen captain Gary Ferguson says he has "a lot to learn" from his time in charge of Rangers.
The speaker of Italy's Senate has suspended two centre-right senators after they were reported to have made an obscene gesture during a debate.
Israel has asked Australia to remove one of its diplomats from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged passports in a murder plot in Dubai.
Azerbaijan's human rights chief Leyla Yunus has been jailed for 10 years for fraud and tax evasion, the country's highest court has ruled.
Police in Papua New Guinea say they have recaptured more than 100 prisoners who escaped from a maximum security prison last year.
England won the Women's Six Nations for the first time with an emphatic victory over Ireland at Twickenham.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Sunni Muslim clerics in northern Lebanon, state media report.
All Girl Guides in England and Wales will no longer be required to swear an oath to God, following a consultation.
The number of illegal immigrants being detained or arrested by Dover police has more than doubled in a year.
"Gibraltarpedia" is an online encyclopaedia that can be accessed from anywhere in the world, but only if you can scan your mobile phone.
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here actor David Wright is set to take over non-league sideillericay Town, according to the club's chairman.
Bradford and Rochdale played out a goalless draw in the League One play-off semi-final first leg.
A Northamptonshire firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was seriously injured when a forklift truck hit him in the leg.
The Irish government failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, according to a new report.
Schools in England need to be given greater powers to improve their teaching standards, former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said.
One of Europe's earliest farmers is the closest ancestor of modern-day Basques, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released seven players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin.
It's almost time for the new year!
Wales will be better off having a Labour prime minister than a Tory, the party's leader in the House of Commons has said.
Flintshire's first new post-16 college is due to open next week, it has been announced.
Burnley have completed the signing of midfielder Joe Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, known as the "giraffe", has died at the age of 86.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Steve Duffy as their new head coach.
The widower of a jewellery specialist who died days after giving birth has said his wife's death could have been avoided.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal striker Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" in response to the publication of anti-Islam cartoons which have caused outrage in the Muslim world.
When Magda Tilli and her husband, Miguel, decided to start their own business, they had no choice.
There's a new Sherlock Holmes attraction, called Maze!
Apple's refusal to help the FBI unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US state department has said.
Florida has declared a state of emergency in a river polluted with toxic blue-green algae.
The director of BBC drama Broadchurch has confirmed there will be no more episodes after this series.
A rollercoaster crash which left six people injured is set to reopen next month.
Ospreys director of rugby Steve Hore says the region is considering whether to bring new head coach Lee Johnson in or bring him in from outside.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Bath fly-half Tom Abendanon says he has changed his mind on playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union's policy on domestic players.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen sharply, according to a survey commissioned by the government.
It's that time of year again - it's Boxing Alter Ego!
The City of London's special representative to the European Union has described the French government as a "bad cop" for Britain after the UK leaves the EU.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill said he had a "brainwave" when he decided to hitch-hike with some German fans during Euro 2012.
Goals from Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara gave Leeds United victory over fellow promotion hopefuls Burton Albion.
Alex Hales hit his second T20 Blast century of the season as Nottinghamshire beat Durham by eight wickets in the Powerplay game.
A man who raised more than Â£100,000 for cancer patients in Yemen has used his life savings to help save the life of an 11-year-old girl.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles says his side are "not that good" after their Twenty20 defeat by Worcestershire.
The crew of a lifeboat on the Channel Islands have been removed after a row over a crew member's conduct.
Scientists say they have discovered the earliest fossils of an extinct dinosaur that lived in an egg.
Northern Ireland have qualified for Euro 2016 for the first time since 1958.
An investigation into the death of a nine-day-old baby boy by midwives at a north-east London hospital has found a "simultaneous failure of a great many systems at almost every level".
Donald Trump's campaign manager has been cleared of assaulting a Washington Post reporter in Florida.
Land Rover, the world's biggest carmaker, has spent the last two years revamping one of its off-road models.
A mother accused of drowning her two-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud following a by-election in Surrey.
An exhibition which saw hundreds of thousands of pounds of donated wood donated to a refugee camp in Calais has moved a step closer.
Real Madrid say they are "unjustifiable and unacceptable" after a French minister accused the Spaniard of doping.
A US aircraft carrier that was due to arrive in the Western Pacific earlier this month has failed to arrive, the US military has said.
Two men accused of the murder of an 80-year-old man in County Londonderry are to be released on bail.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said some police stations in the county are "in need of refurbishment".
Defending champion Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over Spain's Fernando Verdasco.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have completed the signing of goalkeeper Eduardo dos Santos for an undisclosed fee.
This year's Great North Run takes place on the banks of the River Thames in Northumberland.
Stoke City director of football Phil Collins says the club's interest in Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford is proof of the quality of young players in England's academies.
A former Sri Lankan defence secretary has been charged in connection with the discovery of an arsenal of weapons and ammunition off the coast of the north-east.
Australian politicians have reacted angrily to the release of a satirical video in the run-up to the state election.
NHS England is to limit the number of patients in England who can be given a new drug that costs £20m a year.
Jordan Clark scored the only goal of the game as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford on penalties.
A charity has called for urgent action to prevent people slipping through the safety net of social security.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Northampton Town manager Kenny Hackett says beating League One side Stourbridge in the FA Cup is the club's "biggest achievement".
Lyon and Besiktas played out a tense Europa League first-round tie at Lyon's Parc Olympique Lyonnais after fans threw fireworks at each other.
Savers who have more than £75,000 in savings in their accounts may not be able to receive compensation, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Championship side Norwich City have re-signed former Bournemouth and Norwich City midfielder David Surman on a two-year deal.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Dundee United player Prince Buaben for an undisclosed fee.
Wales Under-20 ended their Six Nations campaign with a hard-fought victory over Italy in Rome.
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of a County Kildare man in the Republic of Ireland more than 20 years ago have begun a search of a site in Dublin.
Arsenal and Boreham Wood have signed a new three-year deal to play at the Hive Stadium.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) is renewing its sponsorship deal with the sportswear firm Under Armour.
Formula 1's governing body has failed to reach an agreement on the controversial double points rule.
Ed Miliband has hit out at a number of business leaders who say they would be "devastated" if Britain were out of the European Union.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Steve Murphy says the Anglo-Welsh Cup can be the catalyst to kick-on in the Premiership.
Macclesfield maintained their 100% start to the National League season with a 1-0 victory at Eastleigh.
Three brothers have pleaded guilty to drugs offences linked to the seizure of cocaine and amphetamine in east Belfast.
Yahoo is planning to bring its popular news briefing app to wearables, according to one of its engineers.
Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino has been ruled out of Saturday's visit of Southampton because of an ankle injury.
The Queen has an "amazing" Scottish accent, her cousin has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of holding staff hostage at a bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming's performance director Mark Scott is to step down after a review found he failed to meet Olympic targets.
Michael Phelps missed out on a fourth successive Olympic gold medal as he was beaten in the final of the 200m individual medley by Michael Schooling in Rio.
A seven-year-old boy from a Daventry school has applied to be the new England manager.
A Conservative MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act in England and Wales.
Former world number one Mark Davis suffered a shock defeat in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship.
A 30-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted in west Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after they received a distress call from the coastguard on the Isle of Wight.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after it became stuck in a chair.
Owners of a zoo in Ceredigion have been fined and ordered to pay more than £1,000 after nine endangered animals were found at the premises.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of so-called Islamic State's most senior propagandists, has been killed in an air strike in Syria, the US military says.
A man has been jailed for killing his ex-partner with a single punch at Pokesdown railway station.
A woman has been killed in a collision between a bus and a wall in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who died after a collision with a car on the Isle of Man has been named by police.
Ferrari's Valtteri Bottas has been linked with a move to Williams to replace Jenson Button at the end of the season.
British actor Julian Moore has revealed how he approached Sean Connery about his role in the new James Bond film.
Tens of thousands of older people in Scotland are facing delays in getting care they need, according to a charity.
Rabbit and hares are an important part of the UK's ecosystem, according to scientists.
Four people have been found guilty of selling more than 750 cockerpoo puppies for up to £300,000.
Four British men have refused to consent to being extradited to the UK to face terrorism charges.
Online retail giant Amazon has launched a subscription-based streaming service in the UK.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has allowed online booking websites to offer discounts on hotel rooms, following an investigation by the Competition and Markets Authority.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell sharply after results from mining giant Glencore and South African financial services group Old Mutual.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's track Shake It Off from its list of the 100 most popular songs of 2014.
Leeds Rhinos director of rugby Steve Carter says the club have been told they have six months' notice before their lease to play at Kingspan Stadium expires.
Prince William has said he takes royal duty "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady says he is "disappointed" to have been cleared to play in the 2015 NFL season.
Taiwan-based messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast while flirting with her has been struck off.
Any attempt to close a sports centre could be a "declaration of war" on Warsop, a parish council has said.
Greek police are investigating the death of the Russian consul in Athens.
Renault has told Formula 1 that it will no longer provide an engine for its Lotus team.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a major department store or a department store be the preferred site for the BBC's new headquarters in the city centre.
A man and a woman have been rescued from a tree in Greater Manchester.
Thieves are targeting businesses at an industrial estate in Wolverhampton after a series of break-ins in recent weeks.
A police officer in the southern Indian state of Kerala has said that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to the BBC to host a charity special.
The UK will not impose tariffs on goods bought from developing countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has become the first person to complete the Great North Run in a robotic exoskeleton.
An attack on the National Directorate of Defence (NDS) building in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least seven people, officials say.
One of the world's most unaffordable property markets, China, has seen an unprecedented rise in house prices.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a 24-year-old man who was found lying face down in his garden in Surrey.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been condemned by the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF).
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors have been approved by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has defended Raheem Sterling's decision to reject a new contract at Anfield.
Millions of people in the developing world will soon have to choose between work and retirement.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
The European Championships for blind and visually-impaired judo fighters will be held in Wolverhampton in September.
Stafford's County Hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Vern Cotter has accepted Gregor Townsend's decision to leave the Premiership club at the end of the season.
Facebook has been ordered by Germany's data watchdog to hand over users' data to its parent company, WhatsApp.
Matthew Perry is set to appear in a special of the US sitcom Friends, according to his spokeswoman.
Welsh football fans have paid tribute to their team after they were knocked out of the European Under-20 Championship.
More than 20 mosques across Britain are to open their doors to members of the Muslim community to mark International Visit My Mosque Day.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by rumours linking him with the England job.
The UK would be a "shock to the world economy" if the UK voted to leave the EU, the UK's finance ministers have warned.
A Royal Marine who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Iraq says he is struggling with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton wants to "abolish" the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has launched an election campaign aimed at mobilising the student vote against the Liberal Democrats.
There is a "huge demand" for women and children being trafficked to the UK to work as domestic servants, the new police commissioner for England and Wales has said.
Older women are more likely to have shorter telomeres than their younger counterparts, a study suggests.
Police in Turkey have used tear gas, water cannon and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters in Istanbul and Izmir.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose in the third quarter of this year, according to official figures.
Stephen Harris has criticised the BBC for not having a dedicated dedicated books programme.
The chief of staff to a Conservative MP has been charged with sexual assault.
A fire has broken out at a primary school in West Yorkshire.
Worcester Warriors must "find their feet" on their new 4G pitch at Sixways, according to scrum-half Stuart Hogg.
(Close): London's main share index closed lower as investors remained cautious ahead of Thursday's general election.
An American hospital in Los Angeles has been hit by a ransomware attack demanding a ransom of $17,000 (Â£16,000).
British Eventing rider Emily Gilruth is to be moved to a neurological ward following a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Perthshire aid worker abducted and murdered in Syria has said his brother's life was the worst day of his life.
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair a parliamentary committee to examine the future of the House of Commons Clerk.
An Orkney teenager has become the first woman to be born on an air ambulance after her mother gave birth to her third child.
Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for describing the assassination of Osama bin Laden as "yet another tragedy, upon a tragedy".
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a new film about Kenya's wildlife chief David Leakey.
Family Guy is getting a new home on the BBC.
The centenary of the Easter Rising is to be marked across the Republic of Ireland on Monday.
David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney and Nancy Shevell are the richest people in the UK and Ireland, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former Conservative MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side "did not give everything" to beat Middlesex in the One-Day Cup.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney knew the size of his budget last month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has defended his decision to remove the knighthood from Sir Jimmy Savile.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and his Manchester United counterpart Paul Pogba were involved in a heated argument at Old Trafford on Sunday.
David Goodwin admits he was struggling to give himself the "best crack" as Alloa Athletic manager because he could not justify playing himself.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Leicester City manager after the Premier League champions were relegated from the top flight for the second season running.
An inquest into the death of a man who became unwell and developed a rash is to be opened, Public Health Wales has said.
A neo-Nazi teenager accused of planning a bomb attack on Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he "probably agreed" with her killer.
MPs have voted in favour of a bill to allow the UK to leave the European Union without triggering formal Brexit talks.
There are "sensible things" that can be done to reduce the impact of tax changes on high street shops, an MP has said.
Dover kept their National League play-off hopes alive with a 2-0 victory over struggling Guiseley.
Derbyshire seam bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Firefighters involved in the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash have described it as the "most technical rescue they have ever done".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into suspected currency manipulation.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future".
The number of drivers caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Monmouthshire has fallen by more than a third.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £20,000.
Russia's lower house of parliament is considering a bill that would allow Crimea to become a new "subject" of Russia.
Scotland's Education Secretary John Swinney has welcomed a rise in the number of teachers in state schools for the first time in several years.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver at knifepoint in Glasgow city centre.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed after being found guilty of a string of firearms offences.
Chinese authorities are planning to open the world's first unisex public toilet in Beijing, state media report.
It's not every day you hear the news that two German journalists are being investigated for treason.
As the International Space Station (ISS) prepares for its return to Earth, it is worth taking a look at some of the research being carried out there.
Leeds United captain Michael Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for changing his side's set-up.
Hearts have announced plans for a major upgrade to the main stand at Tynecastle.
At Brilon in north Rhine-Westphalia, hundreds of people have gathered for a rally in honour of German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Vladimir Putin's top adviser on Ukraine has accused the US of arming pro-Russian protesters.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after being hit by a car on a farm in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of devolving powers to the Welsh assembly.
Liam Payne has thanked fans for sticking with One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed into law the controversial Safe Abortion Act.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has called on African leaders to stop giving foreign aid.
Huddersfield Town have re-signed Kristoffer Christensen on a season-long loan from Fulham.
Former Miami Dolphins football player Alex Konrad has died after getting into difficulty in a swimming pool.
The chief constable of Northern Ireland's police force has said he is disappointed with the outcome of political talks on the legacy of the Troubles.
One hundred years after John Lennon and Paul McCartney first played Liverpool's Cavern Club, the club is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
Britain's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in the second round of the BNP Paribas Open in India.
Thailand's Supreme Court has filed a criminal case against ousted former PM Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his election pledges, despite criticism of the idea of a stone tablet in Downing Street.
Plans for a new school campus in the Borders have moved a step closer.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his roles as Widow Twanky and Little and Large, has died at the age of 89.
League Two strugglers Crawley recorded their first home win of the season with a comfortable victory over League Two side Leyton Orient.
The family of a boy with a rare form of autism have spoken of their "devastation" after an iPad was stolen from their home.
A weaker pound and a softer domestic market are likely to slow growth in the UK's economy in 2017 and 2018, according to a think tank.
A homeless charity has launched a series of guided walking tours of Edinburgh city centre.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at a prison in Milton Keynes have won a judicial review against the government.
We want to hear from you about the devastating earthquake in Nepal in May 2015.
Comic book film The Dark Knight Rises has been praised by critics, with one calling it a "breathless, bravura final act".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town left-back Ben Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
Some of the biggest names in music have been announced for this year's Bestival music festival in the Isle of Wight.
(Close): London's main share index closed lower, dragged lower by energy shares.
More than 11,000 athletes at the Rio 2016 Olympics failed to pass drugs tests, according to a damning report.
An anti-Muslim group has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after receiving a suspicious package containing a white powder.
A man has been charged with the murder of a mother-of-two whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing, according to his company, Metersbonwe.
The BBC is not good at keeping secrets.
NHS Wales should bring in an electronic drug prescribing system by 2023, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after it reported a fall in half-year revenues and warned of cost-cutting measures.
An Aberdeenshire steam rail group has said it needs to build a new bridge to help it connect with the wider Borders.
As Britain prepares to vote to leave the European Union, the German press is preparing for the worst.
A nurse who sent sexually explicit and degrading messages to colleagues has been struck off.
A musical based on the Nigerian film Wakaa The Musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has come under fire for not doing enough to protect the rights of songwriters and musicians.
A woman who was targeted by email scammers who demanded £50,000 from her solicitor says she is lucky to be alive.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's largest sauropods.
Chile has called on Venezuela to release a prominent opposition journalist who has been held on the island of Margarita.
Dog owners are being asked whether their pets should be banned from beaches and play areas.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher after the US economy added more jobs than expected in November.
The names of more than 55,000 men who served in Bomber Command during World War Two are to be unveiled later this year.
Motorists are being advised to take extra care ahead of a busy Easter bank holiday in Wales.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Bavaria.
Sussex all-rounder Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Pakistan beat England by nine wickets in the first Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A blue plaque has been unveiled in memory of a woman who was stabbed to death at a school.
Nicola Sturgeon has called Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood a "real star quality".
Police have appealed for information after a security guard was racially abused on a train.
A court in India's western state of Gujarat has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for her role in 2002 communal riots.
Police in Bangladesh have released the names of eight men they say were among those killed in an attack on a cafe on Saturday.
Conor McGregor has been cleared to fight Floyd Mayweather at 154lbs in Las Vegas.
Australian internet service providers (ISPs) have been ordered to hand over customer details in a copyright infringement case.
Wigan Warriors full-back David Flower has been banned for six months for an elbow to the head.
Nasa has announced plans to send humans to Mars in 2020.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell more than 5% after the company reported disappointing fourth-quarter earnings.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militant group Boko Haram in northern Borno state.
Israel's planning committee has postponed a planned vote on authorising more than 500 new homes in the occupied West Bank.
Dirk Kluivert Sr became the first Dutch player to win three European titles as Ajax beat Zwolle 3-1.
The number of UK property transactions fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some supporters want him to leave the League One club.
Oscar-nominated La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice Award at the Toronto Film Festival.
Hampshire firefighters have set a new world record by cooking an enormous naan.
Edinburgh is set to mark the centenary of the Battle of Jutland and other important anniversaries.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for five years after he admitted raping and sexually abusing five teenage girls.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced as part of a shake-up of the Holy See's finances.
Jeremy Corbyn remains the front-runner in Labour's leadership contest, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's lower house of parliament has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to former leader Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan is considering moving some of its European operations out of London in the event of a Brexit vote.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford secured his second gold medal of the Great City Games with victory in the T44 men's 100m at the event in Manchester.
Pregnant parents may be overfeeding their infants and young children out of fear of them being underfed, research suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not stand for re-election in Northern Ireland.
A woman who lost her mother to breast cancer has called the treatment available on the NHS in Scotland "barbaric".
Tranmere kept their slim National League play-off hopes alive with a thumping 4-1 victory at Dover.
Blackpool fans have been granted time to respond to a lawsuit brought by one of the club's supporters.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the Tour de France with victory on Saturday's penultimate stage in Chantilly.
The architect of Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece, the Reid Building, has officially opened to the public.
Rob Naysmith has praised Motherwell for allowing Dom Thomas to join Queens Park Rangers on loan for the rest of the season.
Three men arrested in connection with the murder of Michael McIlhagga have been released unconditionally.
Sightseers are being asked to stay away from the scene of the grounding of the oil rig Statoil on the Isle of Lewis.
A collection of World War Two medals has been stolen from a man's home, police have said.
Plans to restrict the use of fireworks in back gardens in England are "rubbish", an MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are engaged in a fierce battle over the status of undocumented workers.
The Archbishop of York has been accused of failing to act after a priest claimed he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in the 1980s.
Most jockeys in the UK are opposed to the idea of racing being held on Good Friday for the first time next year, according to the chairman of the British Horseracing Authority.
More women in public life should be allowed to apply for and take up public roles, a group of MPs has said.
Mesut Ozil says he will decide whether to stay at Arsenal when the Gunners tour of Australia and China.
The son of one of the Paris attackers has been buried in France for the first time, French media report.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is a 12-year-old girl who has a lot of anxiety.
Two bottles of whisky found on the Isle of Canna could be added to the collection of the Scottish National Trust, it has been claimed.
A Mesolithic encampment near Stonehenge is the "latest dated Mesolithic site in the UK", an archaeologist has said.
Leaving the European Union would cost every UK household up to £850 a year in the short term, according to a think tank.
Wolves came from behind to beat Championship play-off hopefuls Leeds United at Elland Road.
Actress Hunger Games star Lena Dunham has spoken out for the first time about her decision not to fight for more money.
An 11-year-old boy is in a stable condition in hospital after his father's high-powered powerboat overturned on the Hamble River in Southampton.
One of the world's most famous glaciers may be disintegrating and forming a few "hazardous lakes", scientists warn.
Ahead of the start of the new year, BBC Sport takes a look at some of the key stories in the region.
Pope Francis has pardoned one of Pope Benedict XVI's former butlers for leaking confidential documents.
The first openly gay character in a Star Trek film, Hikaru Sulu, will be revealed in the new film Star Trek Beyond on 22 July.
Here are the key results from Thursday's local elections in England and Wales.
Benefit claimants will be assessed on a regular basis to determine whether they are fit to work, the work and pensions secretary has said.
Eugene has defended its decision to award the 2021 World Championships to Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he would resign if the Conservatives do not approve plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United kept their slim League Two play-off hopes alive with victory over struggling Harriers.
Myanmar's new finance minister has admitted buying a fake PhD degree from a fake university.
There is a "significant risk" to the health of a former soldier who fired the rubber bullet that killed a boy in west Belfast, a coroner has said.
The BBC's Wimbledon highlights programme is to return for the first time in five years.
Hundreds of thousands of pounds may have to be spent on repairs to a flood defence after it collapsed, an MP has claimed.
A County Armagh solicitor who defrauded a bank out of £250,000 has been jailed for three years.
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game as Manchester United came from behind to beat 10-man Hull City.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza has been sacked by the national team after a poor start to the World Cup qualifying campaign.
Marianne Pomsel, one of the last surviving members of Nazi propaganda staff, has died at the age of 106.
Nato says it is taking Russia "very seriously" over its air strikes in Syria, after Turkey accused it of violating its airspace on Saturday.
Leon Britton has been hailed as a "brilliant idea" by Swansea City after he helped pay for supporters' tickets for the club's final two games of the season.
At least 17 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died after being treated for blood poisoning at a Kent hospital has heard it is "not possible" to say whether she would have survived.
A Powys councillor has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office.
Curzon is to be honoured with the Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award at this year's Bafta Awards.
Braintree manager Keith Cowley says his side are "living in cloud cuckoo land" after their 1-0 defeat by Barrow.
World number one Angelique Kerber beat Dominika Cibulkova to reach the second round of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells.
Councils and housing associations should be allowed to sell their social housing stock in order to build more affordable homes, the government has said.
Guernsey retained their table tennis title at the Island Games in Gotland.
(Close): Shares in ITV, EasyJet and Carillion led the FTSE 100 higher on Monday.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
The chairman of The Apprentice, Lord Sugar, has called for the BBC to make a spin-off series of the reality TV show.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from serious head injuries.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Leeds.
At least 52 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion at a pipeline in northern Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer has had his jail sentence for assaulting his girlfriend suspended for 18 months.
Five Grade I listed churches in Herefordshire and Shropshire have been awarded grants totalling more than £100,000 to repair their buildings.
Syrian government forces are reported to have dropped chlorine gas on rebel-held areas of the city of Aleppo.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in straight sets to win men's doubles gold at Rio 2016.
Meet Arthur, a dog who loves to explore.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Ottawa for their first official visit to Canada.
New baby incubators are to be fitted to Wales Air Ambulance's new helicopter in a bid to cut the number of journeys to and from hospital.
An eagle has made himself well and truly at home at a nest in Perthshire after spending several hours in nearby trees carrying his breakfast.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has said she is "hugely proud" to be the new patron of a charity that supports victims of rape.
In the wake of the twin deaths of two children in a car crash, it is important to look at the impact on a company's performance on its customers.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
Former world number one Luke Donald has been named as the new ambassador for The Grove Golf Club.
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson says the club are in talks with former Watford centre-half Anders Lindegaard.
How do you get to the Monaco Grand Prix?
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, reports say.
A man accused of the murder of a drug dealer in Denbighshire has told a court he banged its handle on the window of his car in a bid to get witnesses to see the attack.
Plans to redevelop a former gay bar into flats have been given the go-ahead by Tower Hamlets Council.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has reprimanded three Irish boxers for placing bets on boxing events at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
A cabinet minister has announced he will stand for Parliament in the referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Biles reflects on her experiences during World War Two.
Head teachers at a Lincolnshire primary school have been offered a one-day 'duvet day' to help recruit new staff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to withdraw from the Rio Paralympics.
Pupils at a Powys school have been offered the chance to take over the running of the town's library.
A powerful earthquake has struck the north-eastern Japanese island of Kyushu, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
The cause of a house fire in Greater Manchester is being investigated by police.
A former All-Ireland football and Lavey footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £572,000 from a company in Northern Ireland.
Plans have been unveiled for a new community centre on Anglesey.
A human rights group is calling for an independent investigation into the deaths of civilians in Nato air strikes in Libya last year.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been cancelled due to security concerns.
Plans for a new vertical pier in County Durham have been approved.
Britain's Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Lisbon Half Marathon in a time of 58:23.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura says the cessation of hostilities in Syria is holding "meaningful" talks in Geneva on Monday.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a medal at the GB Badminton World Championships in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been arrested in connection with a knife attack on a man in west Belfast.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon over its policy of barring female servicewomen from serving in combat roles.
Pope Benedict XVI's surprise announcement that he was stepping down from his position as head of the Roman Catholic Church came as a shock.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod cynghorau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gweithwyr.
An investigation is under way into why a fire engine arrived in time to rescue a woman who had been trapped inside a block of flats.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must take "a few risks" when they face New Zealand on Saturday in the third and final Test in Auckland.
Cole Stockton scored the only goal of the game as Tranmere ended a run of three straight National League defeats with victory at Dover.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers saw Grimsby come from behind to beat Accrington in League Two.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi amid a large number of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have raided the homes and places of worship of Aum Shinrikyo cultists in St Petersburg, officials say.
Olympic gold medallist Nwankwo Sumgong and compatriot Esther Kirwa both won silver medals in the women's marathon at Rio 2016.
An 80-year-old Scottish man has been reunited with the car he drove in the Kildrummy Rally.
Olympic champion Lizzie Pavey produced a stunning final lap to win the women's 4,000m at the World Championships in London.
One of Northern Ireland's most senior civil servants has resigned following a spike in the number of applications for the RHI scheme.
When millionaire Peter Morgan strangled his ex-partner to death at their home in Newport in January 2016, he had no idea she had Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia international Phillip Hughes.
Mae achos bod Pesticcio yn euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol i Joshua Deguara trwy yrru'n beryglus wedi ei charcharu am chwe mlynedd a hanner ddydd Gwener.
Millwall secured their place in the League One play-off final with a hard-fought draw against Bradford.
A fly-tipper who dumped thousands of tonnes of rubbish on the side of a road has been fined.
A new species of fish-scale gecko has been discovered by scientists in Germany.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest chipmaker, has been fined $2.5bn (Â£1.6bn) by China's anti-monopoly regulator.
Former Lille and Morocco coach Raymond Renard has been named in the Morocco squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says Gordon Strachan is "the best left-back in the country" despite being left out of the Scotland squad.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has topped the UK album charts for the second week running.
The proportion of young people taking A-levels in schools in their council areas is among the lowest in England, according to analysis by the New Schools Network.
Coronation Street and Doctor Who were among the winners at this year's Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Cannabis plants have been found in the grounds of a former cinema in Dumfries and Galloway.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has called on the home secretary to stop the deportation of a Bangor University student from the UK.
A Cardiff vocational training college is being investigated by the police after allegations of fraud in the student finance system.
A Canadian man has been arrested in the US on suspicion of trying to smuggle drugs into the country from Canada.
The wreckage of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket has washed up on the Isle of Tresco after being spotted off the coast of Cornwall.
The mother of three-year-old Caylee Anthony, who was found guilty of killing her in a Florida swimming pool, has spoken for the first time since her conviction.
South Korea says it has paid wages to thousands of North Koreans working at its Kaesong industrial complex in South Korea for more than a decade.
Premier League champions Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about their players.
A nursery worker has appeared in court accused of raping and sexually exploiting children.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas finances, according to the BBC.
England missed out on a place in the last 16 of Euro 2016 as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia at Twickenham.
A student who lost part of her hand after a night out has said she is lucky to have it back.
Pako Ayestaran says he would not have been sacked if he had not been given the job of replacing Gary Neville.
A two-year-old dog is making a "miracle recovery" after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of as many as 14 million US government employees, US officials say.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, is proposing to raise the retirement age for state workers to 67.
Bath have completed the signing of England Under-20 international Adam Devonian on a two-year deal.
Ned's Marianne Vos won the Women's British Cycling Tour by one-hundredth of a second.
Part of the M4 in County Armagh has reopened following a two-vehicle crash.
The nominees for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be announced later.
The appointment of Stormont's first and deputy first ministers to the post of the Northern Ireland Executive Press Secretary has been criticised by opposition politicians.
Firefighters in Stirling and Clackmannanshire have said Bonfire Night was "clearly unsafe".
The world's top eight men's tennis players continue to dominate the sport's calendar, with Novak Djokovic, Stan Wawrinka and Kei Nishikori leading the way.
The search is under way for the remains of a village on Gower.
Scarlets maintained their perfect start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues.
As the Syrian government prepares to launch a major offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS), there is growing concern that Iran may be involved directly in the conflict.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Paris.
It's easy to see why the general election campaign has become such a tightly controlled affair.
Swansea and Pembrokeshire are competing to become UK Capital of Culture in 2021.
The sale of Lloyds Banking Group (RBS) to Blackrock marks the beginning of the end for the government's stake in the bank.
A powerful typhoon known as Chan-hom has battered China's Zhejiang province with torrential rain, state media report.
A team of scientists in the US says they have synthesised a new type of DNA that mimics the functions of the two molecules.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at Kenya's political crisis.
Forty people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota on suspicion of obstructing the construction of a controversial oil pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who went missing for six days while foraging for vegetables has been found safe and well.
Olympic bronze medallist Ben Parkinson has been praised on social media by the Pilgrim Bandits, who nominated him for a lifetime achievement award.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is enjoying life in League Two, despite missing his family.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in a Teesside street.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up an international drug trafficking network.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Josh Yates on loan until the end of the season.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2019, according to a new report from the World Bank.
A woman has been found guilty of making or knowingly having a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken western Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS), Iraqi officials say.
Chinese investment firm Fosun has offered to buy Portuguese health insurer ESS.
Cancer "survives through Darwinian evolution".
Joe Clarke hit his first County Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
Saracens captain James Barritt says the Premiership is "the most competitive domestic league in the world".
The death of a millionaire in Ukraine was "unlawfully" caused by his wife's inebriation, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy week on the front pages of Northern Ireland's newspapers.
When William Shakespeare wrote the first verse of Shakespeare's The Tempest, it was hailed as one of the greatest plays ever written.
A Vietnamese woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her eyes for the first time in more than two months.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yn yr etholiad cyffredinol yng Nghymru.
Jockey Ryan Moore has been advised by a specialist that "complete rest" is the "best option" for his recovery from a shoulder injury.
Plans for an all-year holiday park in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Mario Rato has gone on trial in Madrid on charges of embezzlement.
Former Champion Hurdle and Gold Cup winner John McCoy has been honoured with a statue at Cheltenham Festival.
The former chairman of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), William Smith, has died at the age of 74.
Seven Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at this summer's Olympic Games in Rio.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has reaffirmed the "strong support" of the United States for the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.
The body of a man has been discovered at the bottom of an excavator.
Nato has condemned Russia's deployment of anti-missile systems in the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, saying the move is part of Moscow's "anti-access strategy".
Worcester Warriors full-back Sam Hopkins has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
Oxford extended their unbeaten run in League Two to eight games as they came from behind to draw with Newport County.
Students will soon be able to visit the GP consultation room for the first time, thanks to a new system.
When Keanu Reeves's new film Side by Side premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival earlier this month, it was widely seen as a watershed moment for film-making.
An amateur photographer has captured a rare moment of "photobomb" on a railway line.
Leeds United head coach Massimo Cellino wants his players to stay together and go to games together next season.
A former Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
Swedish fashion giant H&M has announced plans to open a range of stores in London and other European cities.
A competition to find the world's heaviest tomato has been launched in Harrogate in a bid to see if it is the heaviest ever produced.
A children's website has been nominated for four Bafta Children's Awards for its work with children.
Paris St-Germain were crowned champions for the first time in their history after a 4-0 win over Nacional in the final round of European football.
This year's Bank of England stress test will focus on the risks posed by the global economy.
Paris St-Germain have signed Roma midfielder Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A 41-year-old man has been charged over the collapse of a bridge on the M25 near Dover.
A house has been completely destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot and kill US President-elect Donald Trump has said she is "terrified" he will go on trial.
Publishers of Apple's new news app, Apple News, have expressed concern that they may not be legally bound by the terms of the deal.
Legislation is needed to tackle cyber-bullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would have survived had he not taken it, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire broke out in a wheelie bin.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts near the border with Afghanistan.
The White House is to release the names of visitors to President Donald Trump's New York golf resort.
Some of the world's biggest new species have been discovered in the Mekong Delta in the past year, according to conservationists.
A man who forced his way into a woman's home and sexually assaulted her has been jailed for five years.
The world's first miniaturised devices have been developed to "hack" the nerves of the nervous system.
A 10-year-old boy has died after being involved in a collision with a motorcyclist in east London.
The search is under way for a 69-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire since Saturday.
Labour is no longer the official opposition to the government, the House of Commons Speaker has been told.
One of the UK's largest asset managers, Alliance Trust, has said it will not make an offer for the company.
Michael Keatley scored a dramatic drop-goal in extra time as Munster came from behind to beat Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
Shares in Booker fell as much as 4% following reports that the supermarket is in talks with Vodafone over a possible merger.
Gas prices have risen sharply in the wake of a two-week supply crisis between Russia and the European Union that has left several countries without supplies.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy believes defender Berra Berra is the best defender in the Championship.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to design the 'halo' chassis for their 2017 cars.
Lithium salts have been shown to prolong the lives of fruit flies, a University College London study suggests.
More than 100 children who were taken from the so-called Jungle migrant camp in south-east London are to be moved to a temporary home.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not be forced to step down by a recall referendum, his spokesman Carlos Isturiz has said.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has backed proposals to extend the Premiership season from nine months to 10.
Winds of up to 70mph and possibly 80mph have been forecast for parts of Northern Ireland overnight into Thursday.
Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate, has vowed to "never forget" the 219 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria last year.
Glamorgan dominated day two against Derbyshire at Chester-le-Street.
A man whose body was found near a mosaic in London's Hyde Park has been named by police.
A passenger ferry has withdrawn from the Stornoway-Ullapool route because of an engine room ventilation fan problem.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Alison Smith considers the decision by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to drop an investigation into the Jimmy Savile rape case.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says the row between Tunisia and Morocco has been resolved.
England were knocked out of the World Cup as they were comprehensively outclassed by France at Twickenham.
Teenage taekwondo player Luke Jones has become the first British teenager to qualify for the European Championships.
Hundreds of thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a US judge to be given a longer jail term for sexual assault.
Plans for a new visitor centre have been unveiled by the Youth and Social Services Trust (YSP).
Scotland's front pages were full of praise for the SNP after the polls closed in the Holyrood election.
Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding a fire at a scrapyard in Monmouthshire which is believed to have been started deliberately.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed former Blackburn Rovers and Bournemouth striker Ben Davies on a free transfer.
Legal documents relating to former North Wales Police chief Arthur Anglesea are to be examined by the National Crime Agency.
The National Farmers' Federation (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, best known for roles in Casablanca and La Symphonie Pastorale, has died at the age of 91.
At a summit of EU leaders in Brussels on Wednesday, the leaders of 28 EU countries have agreed on a plan to return hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants to Turkey.
The opening of a new bridge across the Firth of Forth has been pushed back by 180 days.
An "incredibly unfortunate" sinkhole has opened up on one of Manchester's busiest streets.
A new university campus has been officially opened in Scarborough.
Work is under way to restore a section of the historic Swansea canal which has been abandoned, sold off and filled in more than 60 years.
Fast-food chain Gourmet Burger Kitchen has been bought by one of the UK's biggest burger chains, Nando's.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon will face an additional one-game touchline ban after being charged by the Football Association.
England are through to the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 after beating Sri Lanka by eight wickets in Delhi.
It's one of the most anticipated video games of all time.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has become Britain's most decorated Olympian after winning gold in the men's cycling and cycling time trials at Rio 2016.
Great Britain's catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup in the first round of qualifying for next month's competition.
In an exclusive interview with BBC Radio Scotland last week, former England and Wales director of rugby Gregor Dodson discussed the future of the Pro12.
Charles Darwin was one of Britain's most famous scientists.
Leinster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought win at Scarlets.
William Shakespeare is to be celebrated in the UK for the 400th anniversary of his death, as part of an initiative by the British Council.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in federal funds to help combat racial tensions in police forces.
Bombardier, the world's biggest aerospace company, has announced that it will build a new CS100 jet at its base in Belfast.
Los Angeles and New York have cancelled school hours in response to a threat of a mass shooting.
Northern Ireland secured their place in the second round of the Under-19 Women's EuroHockey Championship with a 2-1 win over Spain in Belfast.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
Virgin Media has been accused of misleading the public about the number of new premises it has connected during the first half of 2017.
Arriva Trains says some of its high-speed trains are out of service due to corrosion repairs.
David Cameron must make clear he will abandon his EU migration pledge if he wins the referendum if he loses the vote, the head of the Vote Leave campaign has said.
Roman Bogdanov says he felt "enormous relief" when a private prosecution against him collapsed three days after it began.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" cheese race in the Blackmore Vale.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has given away more than $10bn (Â£6.5bn) in shares to charity.
One of UKIP's candidates to replace Paul Nuttall as leader has said he does not have a "dog" in the race.
When you are heavily pregnant, it can be difficult for your body to cope with the demands of a new baby.
Katarina Meilutyte set a new European record in qualifying for the 100m breaststroke final at the World Swimming Championships.
Bristol City extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended by the national rugby union following a "clear breach" of disciplinary standards.
Optimism about the prospects for the UK's post-Brexit economy has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, according to a survey.
More than half of West Ham fans have voted in favour of hosting a charity match at Upton Park.
Disabled and disabled people in Scotland are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements, according to a study.
Two accountants have been banned from doing their jobs at the Oscars after they mistakenly gave the wrong envelope to the presenters.
Tata Steel's decision to cut 1,000 jobs at its Port Talbot plant is raising questions about its future, a union has said.
Theresa May has said she wants the question of what will happen to EU citizens living in the UK when the UK leaves the European Union to be dealt with "as soon as possible".
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people who have been banned from entering the EU because of sanctions against Moscow.
Two rival gangs in Honduras say they have reached an agreement with the government to end years of civil war.
The maker of GoPro's quadcopter drone has announced that the device will be available in the first half of 2016.
Plans to cut transport costs for some pupils in Gloucestershire are to be reconsidered, the local authority has said.
Spain's Jon Rahm is on course to play for Europe in next year's Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
The financial sustainability of local authorities in England has been questioned by a group of MPs.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says his side will "fight until the last minute" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker player David Lee has admitted defrauding a woman out of more than £1,600 by sending her a snooker cue.
Charges against a woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham have been dropped.
Android phones running older versions of the operating system have been given the biggest software update the world has ever seen.
A pregnant woman who tried to kill her unborn baby by poisoning her has been told she faces a jail term.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Olympic heptathlon champion Laura Sotherton has called for world records to be "scrapped".
Three hospitals in Bristol have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS for the second time this year.
David Cameron has said the UK has not changed its "long-standing" policy towards China and Tibet despite criticism from China.
Craig McAllister's late strike earned Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot.
An "appalling" number of cars have been vandalised in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
Flooding and high winds in New South Wales (NSW) have killed at least eight people and left hundreds of thousands without power.
The idea of a lightweight space suit that can be worn inside a space capsule may seem like a dream come true.
Italian police say they have arrested dozens of people suspected of running an illegal immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been sentenced to life in prison after posting a picture of his murdered wife on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Jonny Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
The use of private ambulances in London has more than quadrupled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a tax case against telecoms giant Vodafone.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer left Manchester United at the end of last season to take up a coaching role at Norwegian club Molde, it was widely seen as a turning point in his career.
Shares in Asia fell on Friday after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate for the second time this year.
A report into Stormont's Casement Park stadium has called for an independent mediator to help resolve "key issues" in the project.
The launch of a bike hire scheme in Dumfries has been abandoned.
Tributes have been paid to Walsall footballer Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisian beach attack.
The son of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has accused Malaysia of trying to blackmail him over the death of his half-brother.
Two teenagers have admitted robbing a vicar at knifepoint.
Glasgow scrum-half Tom Hamilton has retired from international rugby after nine years at Partick Thistle.
Great Britain's Chris Lewis won the men's 4x400m relay at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as Kenya's David Cutts missed out on a medal.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has removed references to Harambe from its official Twitter account in the wake of the gorilla's death.
China's economic growth slowed to 6.8% in 2015 from 6.9% in 2014, according to official figures, the slowest pace since the global financial crisis.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-sulphur battery.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is "very, very confident" that the club will win the Premier League this season.
The first woman to be elected bishop of the Church of England has been named by the Church's governing body, the General Synod.
League One side Oldham came from behind to beat Championship side Wigan.
Swindon Town are to investigate the club's decision not to bring in striker Ben Davies for Saturday's home defeat by Mansfield Town.
An investigation has been launched into the death of a woman who was stabbed to death at her home in Dundee.
The Royal Mail has said it is "delighted" that it will be painting gold medal-winning rowing postboxes in Henley-on-Thames.
Bangladesh maintained their 100% start to the second Test against England with a six-wicket victory at Edgbaston.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
Thousands of people are expected to line the streets of Edinburgh for a procession and party to mark the 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US commitment to NATO is "ironclad".
Plans to reduce the risk of flooding in the UK’s uplands have been criticised by conservationists.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Sunday's game against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
An airgun has been used in a "mindless act of cruelty" to a gull which was found on an industrial estate in Dumfries and Galloway.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday, boosted by strong economic data from China.
Police in the northern Indian state of Gujarat say they have arrested eight men who tried to take their own lives during a protest against the slaughter of cows.
Comedian Paul Gascoigne and former Liberal Democrat deputy leader Chris Coogan have been awarded more than £100,000 in settlements over phone hacking.
Researchers in the US say they have found a way to track the path of a monarch butterfly from Mexico to the US.
The University of Warrington has unveiled the world's most powerful computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of last week's failed coup.
An aircraft used in the Gulf War has gone under the hammer for more than £1m at auction.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been chosen by the city's Labour group.
Surfers are heading to Portugal for the first time since a powerful storm hit the UK on Tuesday.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway 3-2 in their opening warm-up game at Euro 2016.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on his side's impressive start to the season.
Belfast-based micro-finance company Micro Focus is struggling to cope with a shortage of graduates in Northern Ireland.
Work has begun to build the world's largest protective shield around the crippled Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
The investigation into a crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome was knocked off his bike by a car has been "completely closed".
From April 2015, Northern Ireland's local councils will be able to make a wide range of decisions about development.
A fire which destroyed one of West Yorkshire's last listed textile mills is being treated as arson, Historic England has said.
Cambridgeshire's council has said it has no concerns about the weight of bunting used to decorate the streets of Cambridge for the Tour de France.
One of India's oldest religious leaders has said that allowing women into a Hindu shrine would increase the risk of rape.
A woman accused of child sex abuse in Sheffield has told a court her daughter became "horrible".
A father has spoken of the moment he ran to the aid of his toddler daughter after she thought she saw a dead baby in a bus stop.
The UK Independence Party (UKIP) has said it was "tempted" by the Border Agency's decision to question staff at a curry house on the border with Mexico.
An Australian Antarctic research vessel that ran aground in Horseshoe Harbour on Thursday has been refloated and flown home.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht off the County Antrim coast following an engine failure.
Spain's Santander and Germany's Deutsche Bank have been told by the US central bank that they do not have enough cash to deal with "doomsday" scenarios.
A fund set up by the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has surpassed its £10,000 fundraising target.
Supermarket chain Ocado has reported a record annual profit for the first time, helped by a strong performance from its customers.
Captain Chris Gunter believes Wales are in a good position to qualify for Euro 2016.
A group of AMs from the Welsh Government and the Irish industry are meeting in Dublin to discuss the implications of Brexit.
Bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene of an unexploded World War Two flare found on a beach in County Down.
Teenager Sarah Adderley has become the youngest player to win the Scottish National Squash Championships for a seventh time.
Gordon Matheson is to stand for re-election as the leader of Strathclyde City Council.
A police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province has been attacked by suspected Taliban militants.
The proportion of school leavers going on to higher education in Scotland has reached its highest ever level, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race could be wiped out within the next hundred years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Graeme Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
A Turkish woman applying for a job in Germany is more likely to be invited to interview than a woman in a headscarf, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says there is "a long way to go" after finishing third at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in Mexico City calling for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Three men have been arrested following a police operation following Friday night's Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Aberdeen.
A man has been jailed for eight years for raping a woman in her 80s and 90s.
The proportion of people aged 25 and over living in social housing in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The family of a soldier who was shot dead at an army base in Surrey 20 years ago are seeking a fresh inquest into his death.
Singapore's long-running feud over the legacy of the country's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has reignited a debate about how best to honour his legacy.
Three Dundee students have created an electronic wallet with a voice-activated credit card attached to it.
Two men have been charged in connection with historical child sex abuse at a boarding school.
Harlequins have agreed a deal to re-sign flanker Jamie Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps.
Worcestershire and Kent have been forced to postpone the first day of their County Championship Division Two match at New Road because of a frozen outfield.
A passenger ship has caught fire in the Balearic Islands port of Palma de Mallorca.
Detectives investigating the murder of a County Antrim man have made a fresh appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire company has been ordered to pay £15,000 after being found guilty of breaking food labelling laws.
When Robert Godin first set out to run his own business, he didn't want to go back to the financial crisis that hit his family.
The National Lottery is appealing for anyone who bought a winning lottery ticket to come forward.
The French honorary consul for Bodrum, Turkey, has been accused of illegally selling supplies to migrants trying to reach Greece.
Iain Coburn, the leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), has told the BBC he would "do his best" to lead the party.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working with a movement coach to make sure his portrayal of Einar Wegener is "feminine".
Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock 4-2 first-round defeat by Gary Holt at the Welsh Open.
Passengers on the London Underground are to be encouraged to wear badges to alert fellow passengers of their illness or disability.
Two Featherstone Rovers players have been banned for two years after testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
The authorities in Nigeria's capital Lagos have ordered the closure of a number of mosques in an effort to curb noise.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Scottish League Two play-off semi-final.
In our series of letters from the BBC, health and social care expert and former BBC medical correspondent, Dr Helen Smith, looks at why so many people in the UK do not receive end of life care.
Rangers International Football Club plc is to begin trading on the London Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
The Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir has banned brides and grooms from attending weddings for the first time in the country's history.
Former Sunday Times editor Adrian Gill has died at the age of 74, the paper has announced.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel knows it all too well.
Archaeologists in Dumfries and Galloway believe they have found the site of the "lost Dark Age Kingdom of Rheged".
Russell Knox is three shots behind leader Russell Knox after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Annan Athletic's hopes of reaching the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals are over, according to their 16-year-old son Omar.
More than half of council chiefs in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax next year, according to a survey.
A paramedic has said he is "aggrieved" and "fragile" after his ambulance company was stripped of its contract.
Women's Super League champions Lyon have signed United States international forward Kadeena Morgan.
Great Britain's Katie Cheshire missed out on a medal at the World Ski Slopestyle Championships after failing to qualify for the semi-finals.
Flyweight Nicola Adams has called for the length of rounds in women's boxing to be extended to include three.
Valentino Vitolo and Lucas Mararlos both scored twice as Sevilla were held to a goalless draw in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final in Lviv.
UK Secretary of State for Europe David Breedlove has warned that Russia's military presence in Crimea will have an "unprecedented impact" on the Black Sea.
It's that time of year when you have the most memorable moments of your life.
Ludwig the German shepherd has become a household name in Wiltshire.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "playing fast and loose" with Northern Ireland's political institutions.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down following a damning report into the force's handling of child abuse in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales is at an "alarming" rate, according to a charity.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Lukasz Grzelak for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Up to a quarter of the free-to-use cash machines in the UK could be lost under proposals being considered by the country's main ATM operator, LINK.
Saudi Arabia paid Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak $681m (Â£681m), a Saudi source has told the BBC.
Paul Blackwell will defend his IBF world middleweight title against Michael Doran in London on Saturday after the death of his father Billy Eubank Sr.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 life jackets from migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean from Turkey to Europe.
A football fan has been given a suspended prison sentence for entering the pitch at Southend United's pre-season friendly.
Chris and Gabby Adcock have won their third successive English Open title.
Dundee United came from behind to beat League One strugglers Shrewsbury Town and move into the League One play-off places.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Poland beat Romania 3-0 in the opening game of their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
Schoolchildren in Australia have been given the chance to design their own national park.
All crew on the Northern Isles freight boats are to be paid at least the minimum wage, the government has announced.
Ospreys fly-half George Ford is available for Saturday's Pro12 game against the Scarlets at Oriel Park.
Jockey David Ackerman has had his ban from racing extended after being found guilty of betting on a race at Kempton and Wolverhampton.
Nato's new mission in Afghanistan has been formally launched in a ceremony in the capital, Kabul.
An anti-immigrant German opposition party member has been seriously injured in a motorbike accident.
A man has died and two others have been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
A "dangerous path" could be set for the UK if Theresa May does not listen to the people of Wales, the first minister has warned.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been named as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new chief executive.
The family of a man who died when his car was crushed by a speeding driver have called for tougher penalties for drivers who kill.
Police are appealing for information after two sheep were found abandoned in the garden of a house in Londonderry.
Greece's ruling Syriza party has announced a series of reforms aimed at stabilising the country's finances.
Gloucester Prison has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Favourite DJ Fern Britton has announced her retirement from BBC Radio 1 after 10 years.
Bath fly-half Tom Watson has been charged by the Rugby Football Union over an unsportsmanlike conduct charge.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham thrashed fellow National League strugglers Woking.
Archaeologists in China say they have discovered an ancient Chinese game dating back more than 2,000 years.
Defender Dani Alves says he would have joined Rangers even if the club had not been knocked out of Europe this summer.
China's inflation rate slowed to its lowest rate in more than two years in September as manufacturers cut prices to win business.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" defender Jazz Richards has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The pilot of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShip Two has been killed in a crash during a test run.
Iraqi security forces say they have recaptured Mosul, the last major city in the country under their control.
Bumblebees could be at risk from exposure to pesticides, according to new research.
The Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research in Belfast is to receive more than £300,000 in funding.
The pyramids of the ancient Egyptian pharaohs may have been heating up during the heating-up and cooling-down phases of the building, officials say.
A security cordon has been put in place following the discovery of an unexploded World War Two bomb.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and kidnapping Briton Sophie Ayling.
Prank TV shows are becoming increasingly popular during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
US car giant General Motors is investing $3.5bn (Â£2.6bn) in a plant in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Tributes have been paid to former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, who has died.
A fox cub has been rescued from the engine of a car after it got stuck in the engine bay.
The Scots accent may have undergone two kinds of changes over time, according to new research.
Campaigners hoping to save a Grade II-listed cathedral from demolition have failed to reach their target of £500,000.
It is not every day you see a woman getting paid the same as her male co-star.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street ended little changed on Wednesday, despite strong results from Tiffany's and Adobe.
A cross-party group of MPs has called for a ban on unpaid internships.
The Scottish government is to invest more than £2m in projects to reduce the cost of offshore wind power.
A pregnant woman has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were hidden in the back of a van she was travelling in.
Cuba is one of the world's wealthiest countries and has enjoyed a long and successful political and economic history.
Alastair Cook is one of the greatest batsmen in the world, according to England captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA is appealing for information after a cat was shot three times with an airgun during an attack in Fife.
The Republic of Ireland's flag has been raised at Stormont in a show of support for same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
Labour MEP Richard Howitt has announced he is to take up a new role at the European Parliament.
Hackers claiming to have stolen a script for Game of Thrones appear to have released the material online in exchange for favourable coverage of the show.
An investigation is under way into allegations of misconduct by staff at Kids Company, a children's charity in Birmingham.
Million Dollar Baby star Martin Freeman is to receive the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been left with a capital buffer of just over 8% in the latest European banking stress tests.
Passengers and vehicles on the Isle of Wight's chain ferry will no longer be able to board or disembark at the same time, a council has said.
Leeds Rhinos full-back Ben Simon has signed a one-year contract extension with the Super League club.
A new form asking people to name the person they believe their spouse has committed adultery has been criticised by family lawyers.
It has been an eventful few weeks for one of Scotland's rarest peacocks.
Do you worry you will not be able to check things on time?
The Russian ambassador to New York has said Jews in the US have told her to "talk to the Jews" during the election campaign.
Three people were taken to hospital after a fire broke out at Oxford Circus Tube station.
Women and children in Egypt are being subjected to sexual violence by police, intelligence and military officials, according to Human Rights Watch.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "firing up again" for a sixth successive Scottish Premiership title.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
A TV show showing illusionist Derren Brown asphyxiating himself before the watershed has been censured.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 50m breaststroke at the World Aquatics Championships in London.
In an unprecedented move, police in the UK took control of an online paedophile site.
A Chinese man has been living in a space capsule for more than a decade.
A man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in Winnipeg.
Dundee United have completed the signing of James Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of three Libyan journalists have been found on the outskirts of the capital, Tripoli.
Paralympic gold medallist Sarah Lucas won her second gold medal of the Rio Paralympic Games with victory in the World Triathlon Series in Bermuda.
The cost of scrapping tuition fees and setting up a new Office for Students would rise by 2.5p a year, says Education Secretary Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to an Indian naval officer convicted of spying for Pakistan.
At least 36 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital following an armed robbery at a house in Londonderry.
The RSPCA is calling for tougher sentences to tackle dog fighting in England and Wales, following an increase in the number of calls in the last year.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar charged with rioting during a student march to Yangon.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for allowing a female governor to sit in the main meeting room.
An elderly man who raped and sexually abused a young girl in Denbighshire has been jailed for 12 months.
Ten-man Morecambe came from behind to earn a 2-1 win at Cambridge United in League Two.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in County Londonderry as part of an investigation into organised crime.
Cardiff City striker Rhys Jones has been ruled out for at least two months with a serious injury.
Teachers in England and Wales must be given a 1% pay rise by the government if they are to cope with a rapid rise in pupil numbers, six teachers' unions have said.
A series of seismic tests have been carried out in Lancashire following an April earthquake.
Four paintings by Michelangelo da Caravaggio have gone on show at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple's new two-factor authentication system has come into force, allowing users to log into their iCloud accounts without having to enter a two-digit code.
The family of a British-Syrian journalist, Marie Colvin, is suing President Bashar al-Assad's government for her death.
The death of a four-month-old baby boy was caused by a "dreadful" attack by his family dog, an inquest has heard.
Scottish government funding for sport and physical activity is set to be cut by 20% over the next three years.
Pregnant women who are overweight or obese are more likely to suffer heart disease and type 2 diabetes later in life, research suggests.
Ancient weapons found on the Isle of Coll 3,000 years ago have been handed over to a museum.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was attacked on a train between Glasgow Central and Neilston.
A maths teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of downloading and sharing sexually explicit images of minors.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the highest-paid artists in the world.
Brazilian footballer Pele has sold his winner's medal from the 1966 World Cup in Brazil for more than £500,000.
Indonesia's president has summoned Australia's ambassador amid a row over allegations that Canberra eavesdropped on the president's mobile phone.
Activists in Syria say they have seen a video which appears to show the killing of dozens of government soldiers by rebels.
A mixture of organic and non-organic farming has been found to increase the diversity of wild plants in an area of France.
Thousands of music industry managers have written an open letter to the government calling for a review of secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government has announced that it will raise the Bank of England's interest rate from 0.05% to 0.08%.
A sharp sell-off in the value of US and European bonds has continued following Donald Trump's election victory.
Tesco has reported better-than-expected sales for the second quarter of the year, helped by the launch of new "fresh food" ranges.
Singer Sam Smith has been stopped by police as he was trying to find a song on You tube.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed that her eyesight has declined since she was 13 years old.
A farmer has described how his tractor became stuck in a muck heap after a mechanic told him to take a right.
A total solar eclipse has been observed across much of the world.
Proposals for universal basic income in Wales are "far too expensive", an academic has said.
Two north Wales hospitals which were rated "inadequate" by health board inspectors have improved their ratings.
Welsh voters will now have a clearer picture of what they want to do next in the general election.
Trawsfynydd nuclear plant could be used as a site for a demonstrator reactor, a union has said.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed David Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A campaign is calling for medical cannabis to be legalised in the UK, amid claims that one million people rely on the drug for medical reasons.
Tunisians have voted to elect a new president in the run-up to Sunday's parliamentary elections.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign former Dundee United midfielder Ryan Erskine, despite reports of interest from Aberdeen.
Tax experts from the "Big Four" accountancy firms have defended their advice on tax avoidance.
The impact of the HPV vaccination programme in Scotland may be even greater than initially thought, according to new research.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock believes it was "probably fate" he failed to get a chance at Aston Villa in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a German Jewish man who claims he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
Scotland's small and medium-sized businesses are failing to do enough online, according to a new report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by better-than-expected data from the US services sector.
A 22-year-old man has been jailed for eight years for raping a 16-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg could face team orders if they fail to follow new rules after their collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Russia's government agency has blocked more than 100 porn sites, saying they "spread pornography".
The birthplace of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named among the top 10 historic buildings in England.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new prime minister.
The president of France's far-right National Front party, Marine Le Pen, is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Jamie Francis says he is relieved to be retained in Wales' Six Nations squad despite their loss to England.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was attacked by a group of youths at a shop in Denbighshire.
The future of one of the UK's most vulnerable rail routes could be at risk by 2040, according to a new study.
Network Rail is to compensate passengers affected by cracks in the sea wall between Dover and St Pancras during Storm Desmond.
Hundreds of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Glastonbury to celebrate the festival's 70th anniversary.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has written to the presiding officer of the Welsh assembly warning of the "aggressive nature" of debates on Brexit.
Last week, I announced that I was leaving the BBC to become a freelance business journalist.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
When Victoria Barker received an email from her husband, Nicky Williams, she had no idea she had Down's syndrome.
A "zombified" father who put up an advert for a "green monster" pushchair on eBay has said he has "broken the auction limit".
A former Rabobank trader has pleaded guilty in the US to rigging key interest rates.
Hull FC winger Joe Arundel has signed a two-year contract extension with the Super League club.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England have been criticised by a leading NHS charity.
Helen Jenkins has shown she has "potential" to medal at this summer's Rio Olympics by winning the World Triathlon Series World Cup in Australia, according to former world champion Laura Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to investigate the sale of Northern Ireland assets by the Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency (Nama).
US aerospace tycoon Woody Allen has announced plans to enter the private space race.
A wildlife charity has lost a legal challenge against Scottish government plans for three wind farms in the south west of Scotland.
A Fife man who admitted raping two young girls has been told he is "fit to be discharged".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in South Yorkshire.
South Sudan's civil war has left hundreds of thousands of people dead and thousands more displaced.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can finish second in the Premiership this season after beating Rangers 3-0 at Pittodrie.
The mascot of a Derbyshire regiment has been promoted to the rank of lance corporal.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out an attack on a Shia Muslim shrine near the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, killing at least seven people, officials say.
House of Cards and Breaking Bad have been named as the word of the year in the latest edition of Collins' Words of the Year.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned from the Football Association of Brazil (CBF).
Hospitals in England have consistently raised the prices of some of the world's most expensive cancer drugs, according to a study by UK researchers.
Nigeria's Transparency International (ISS) says it has failed to find a winner of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to the country's first democratically elected leader.
Strong south to southwesterly winds are expected to develop over parts of Scotland later on Friday and overnight into Saturday, the Met Office has said.
Olivier award-winning actress Michelle Terry is to become the new actor-manager of Shakespeare's Globe.
Police are searching for a father and his two-year-old daughter who have been missing for more than a week.
Dancer Jillian Hervey and her co-writer Lucas Goodman are one of the biggest names in British dance music.
A Banksy mural thought to have been stolen has been put up for sale in Covent Garden.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese resort city of Macau have fallen sharply in the three months to September, according to official figures.
Indian writers have returned their literary awards to the Sahitya Akademi, the country's literary council.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of an Oxford University college.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of former Wales Secretary Mark Warburton.
Britain's Adam Yates won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine to move into second place overall.
England midfielder James Milner has announced his retirement from international football.
Arsenal were held to a goalless draw by Hull City in the FA Cup second round at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei is taking legal action against Samsung, accusing it of infringing several of its patents.
Saif al-Arab, the son of former Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi, was a well-known figure in the country's armed forces.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a 13-year-old girl was hit by a car.
MSPs have been urged to give MSPs an opportunity to hear from the Scottish government if a final deal on new tax powers is not reached by the end of the week.
There has been an "increase of militarisation" in the South China Sea, US Secretary of State John Kerry has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of making Scottish MPs "second-class citizens" in the House of Commons.
Jeremy Corbyn has urged Theresa May to set out a timetable for an inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire within a year.
Ospreys have signed former British and Irish Lions prop Brian Mujati.
The girlfriend of a British backpacker who went missing on a mountain in Vietnam has spoken of her relief at finding him safe and well.
The funeral of Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson has taken place to mark the 121st anniversary of the club's formation.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that its giant panda Tian Tian may give birth at the end of the month.
A campaign has been launched to get the robin and hen harrier recognised as the nation's official bird.
Austrian police say they have arrested a lookalike of Adolf Hitler who posed for photographs outside the birthplace of the Nazi leader.
A man who died after being stabbed at a house has been named by police.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Joe Root has the "fire in his belly" to become England's new Test captain, according to pace bowler James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to open a fast lane for online video streaming in May, internet users took to social media in protest.
Jordy Gray's first-half penalty gave Burnley victory over Blackburn to increase their lead at the top of the Championship.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create up to 11,000 new jobs at its Solihull plant in the UK.
Corey Whitely's second-half strike earned Dagenham a 1-0 victory at Eastleigh.
Jon Stead scored twice as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool in League Two.
A 21-year-old man who died after being stabbed at a bar in south London has been named by police.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have been shortlisted for this year's World Tree of the Year competition.
Three teenage girls have been taken to hospital following the death of a man and a woman who were rescued from the sea off Gwynedd.
Up to 100 jobs are to go at a Kerry Foods factory in Londonderry.
Jellyfish stings on Anglesey are being treated with vinegar following a rise in sightings, wildlife experts have said.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" in a "sadistic" and "perverted pleasure" killing, a court has heard.
The Duke of Edinburgh has given birth to his first child.
Ospreys flanker Joe Thornton says he is relishing the prospect of making his Wales debut against Samoa on Friday.
Durham County Council has said it will take legal action against a planning inspector after he refused to reopen an examination of its plans.
The UK Border Agency must do more to deal with "over 150,000" migrants who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the government's immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as one of the world's most influential women.
DNA evidence has been used in a case of sheep rustling in Pembrokeshire, police have said.
An exhibition celebrating the work of one of Britain's most influential writers has opened in Oxford.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has been rated as a "threat to global security" by the Economist Intelligence Unit.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse are set to announce a merger that will create one of the world's biggest exchange companies.
In a steam bathhouse on the outskirts of central London you might be tempted to think that you might need to strip naked in order to get a good massage.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service in the UK.
Australia's chief executive, Airline Australia, has said he is "strongly campaigning" for a vote on same-sex marriage.
Striker Marko Jakupovic made a string of fine saves as Hull held Premier League leaders Manchester United to a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 28-year-old man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's Formula 1 pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and Shannon, the parents of five-year-old Kayden, have said their final goodbyes to each other.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party over a "hate campaign" against her over a row over plans to remove English-stream education.
St Johnstone extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to nine points with a draw against Rangers.
When it comes to losing a presidential race, there's always going to be one winner and one loser.
Three police officers have been disciplined over the fatal shooting of an 18-year-old man.
Chelsea captain John Terry says "no-one believes me" when he says he does not have "anything sorted" over his future.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Sale fought back to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton is only the third man in Formula 1 history to win 50 races.
Rescue teams in Sri Lanka are continuing to search for survivors of a mudslide that swept through two villages on Tuesday.
Justin Gatlin set a new world record in the 200m at the Road World Championships in Eugene, Oregon.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office has ordered cut-backs in the use of customised "rest chambers" on his plane to fly to the UK.
India's armed forces have violated human rights laws in Indian-administered Kashmir for decades, Amnesty International says.
The sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his ex-girlfriend in Argyll will be streamed live on Twitter.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to a Muslim family in the US after falsely claiming they had links to al-Qaeda.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the toymaker refused to allow him to use his work.
Miranda Miranda has opened her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie.
Homeless people living on the streets of Northampton have been found to be living with "a significant proportion" of migrants, a report has found.
Mikheil Saakashvili is one of the world's longest-serving presidents.
Scots are facing a "crisis of low pay and poor conditions", according to a charity.
West Ham lost 2-1 to Juventus in their first Premier League game at Upton Park.
At least 19 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Sixteen British rowers have been named in Great Britain's Rowing World Cup reserves for next month's event in Florida.
Wales internationals Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have extended their national dual contracts.
Aston Villa have signed former England captain Chris Coleman on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
It's not often you hear Boris Johnson talking about a free trade deal with the European Union.
The sounds of Africanised honey bees could be used to help scientists find out which plants help the bees most.
Lincoln City reached the League One play-off quarter-finals for the first time in their history with victory over 10-man Oldham Athletic.
The botched West Coast rail franchise could cost the taxpayer up to £8.9m over the next three years, MPs have warned.
The Nobel Prize for Chemistry is one of the most prestigious scientific awards in the world.
Defending champion Gary Lines became the first player to win a World Championship with victory over England's Paul Hendry at the Scunthorpe Grand Prix.
There's a sense of unease among readers about the future of the BBC in Scotland.
Taxpayers should be given the right to raise extra funds for the NHS and social care if they choose, Liberal Democrat leader Norman Lamb has said.
Craig Ferguson admits Clyde must win at Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of making the Scottish League Two play-offs.
As Greece prepares to go to the polls for the first time since the financial crisis in 2008, there is a growing sense of unease among voters about the future of the country's EU membership.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been uncovered during a major archaeological dig in County Monaghan.
Parents have claimed they are being "punished" for living in a rural area where their children cannot walk to the bus stop.
A mass has been held in Glasgow in memory of the victims of the earthquake in Italy.
In the aftermath of last year's election, Australia's prime minister is facing an uncertain future.
Ferrari's Lewis Hamilton edged Mercedes team-mate Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged in connection with alleged fraud at the Notting Hill Carnival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 15th anniversary of the city's handover to the mainland.
An Indian rapper has become the second woman leader of the ruling AIADMK party in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Ten people have been arrested in China over the collapse of a landfill in Shenzhen last month.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, according to an environmental group.
A US judge has acquitted a white police officer of manslaughter over the deaths of two black teenagers in Cleveland.
The Russian and Syrian governments have condemned a series of bomb attacks that have killed at least 120 people in Syria.
Promotion from the Premiership to the Championship will be scrapped in 2017-18, the Rugby Football Union has announced.
More than £400,000 in lost income has been wiped off councils' budgets by falling prices for recycling, it has emerged.
The World Economic Forum is taking place in Davos, Switzerland, this week.
Police are investigating after a knife was found at a Dumfries and Galloway primary school.
The first round of the UK Championship takes place at the Barbican Centre in York on Thursday.
Red Bull finished third in qualifying at the Australian Grand Prix - the third place they have finished in the Formula 1 world championship.
An independent Scotland would be a "unique opportunity for fairer politics", according to those who have been campaigning for independence.
Businesses in Perth have launched a "First Thursday" campaign in a bid to revitalise the city's reputation as a visitor destination.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says being rested for England's T20 series against Sri Lanka has given him another opportunity.
The funeral of Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) constable Ronan Kerr has taken place in County Armagh.
Frank Mulholland, Scotland's most senior solicitor general, is to step down at the end of the month.
A ferry has overturned on the Isle of Wight.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Ruth Black has been named the UK's Young Alumnus of the Year by the magazine NME.
A terminally ill man has gone to the High Court in London to challenge the law on assisted dying.
Porto booked their place in the Champions League semi-finals by beating Bayern Munich in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
Tottenham Hotspur have reached a settlement with the family of a 15-year-old boy who suffered a heart attack 11 years ago.
Hollywood actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut next year.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
An 11-year-old boy from Toronto, Canada, has written an apology to a library after a page fell out of his bunk.
Northern Ireland's Paul Waites says he will return to competitive action after recovering from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship for the first time.
Newport Gwent Dragons full-back Michael Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with an ankle injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Ladies have completed the signing of Germany international Anna Linden from German club Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been summoned to appear before the House of Commons select committee to answer questions about worker rights.
Wales coach Warren Gatland insists there has been no alcohol ban in his side as they prepare for the World Cup semi-finals.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell for the first time this season and increase their lead at the top of the Premiership.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality in order to reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
The families of three people who died in a rollercoaster accident on Australia's Dreamworld theme park have been paying tribute to them.
A Dundee man has pleaded guilty to possessing heroin with a street value of more than £263,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of the murder of an unarmed man in Kent.
It's not every day that a central bank fails to raise interest rates.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution in Hertfordshire have been jailed.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new Premier League season after undergoing ankle surgery.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a man's body was found at a house in Hertfordshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said he was "a tremendous son who was always willing to help everyone".
Salford Red Devils scrum-half Conor O'Shea could be out for "a while" with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build an electric circuit around a Carmarthenshire golf course has concluded it is not of equal value.
Garry Thompson scored the only goal of the game as Morecambe came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham.
Suicide crisis teams have become the "default option" in acute care for too many patients at high risk of suicide, a report suggests.
Ulster clinched their first All-Ireland Club Hurling Championship title with a 4-13 to 1-13 win over Connacht in the final at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs in Holyrood's audit and education committee have been asked to improve the quality of their coffee in the chamber.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cut back on emergency operations to cope with the pressures of winter, the chief medical officer for Wales has said.
On the outskirts of the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, you'd be hard pressed to find a single hospital.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat drifted off the coast of Lough Swilly.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says he would pick Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana to defend his Criterium du Dauphine title.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have foiled an attempt to sell a two-headed snake on the black market.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has arrived back in the capital, Brasilia, after being impeached by the lower house of Congress for manipulating the budget.
Derry City extended their lead at the top of the League of Ireland to seven points as Danny Boyle's second-half goal earned them a 1-0 win over Wexford.
More needs to be done to improve the safety of mountain rescue teams tackling Crib Goch, a charity has said.
Paris St-Germain have signed Neymar from Barcelona for £198m.
Celtic made the biggest splash of the January transfer window as they made the most of the free transfer window by bringing in Finn Turk on loan from Fulham.
Torrent-sharing site The Pirate Bay has suffered a major cyber attack.
The UK's first fully-functioning robotic hand has won a £2,220 (£1,200) prize from the British Robotics Society.
Francois Fillon, France's centre-right presidential candidate, is on the verge of becoming the country's next prime minister.
Emergency and critical care services in Shropshire could be moved from Telford to Shrewsbury.
Scott Brown is a "big part of my career", according to Scotland coach Gordon Strachan.
EDF, the French energy giant, has formally signed a contract with the UK government to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point.
The number of people contacting a veterans' charity to ask for help from the Army has risen sharply, the charity has said.
A detective constable has been jailed for five years for making and possessing indecent images of children.
Should there be a coup to be staged in the wake of Jeremy Corbyn's speech setting out the case for military intervention in Syria?
World number one Mark Selby's hopes of reaching the World Championship semi-finals suffered a blow as he was beaten 6-2 by Fu Junhui at the Crucible.
Goalkeeper Gemma Evans is determined to ensure Scotland qualify for next summer's European Women's Championship finals.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at a Catholic school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsene Wenger says it would be a "huge disappointment" if Arsenal players were unable to play together at Wembley.
The Nepalese government is considering limiting the number of people allowed to climb Mount Everest.
The family of a man killed in a head-on crash on the M1 have called for a change in the law on older drivers' licences.
A former US swimmer has been released from jail in the US state of Ohio after serving a six-year sentence for sexually assaulting a student in 2012.
A £270m plan to protect the coastal rail line between Devon and Cornwall has been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Art Museum in New York has unveiled the world's first porcelain urinal.
The work of an American artist is to be celebrated at the Scottish National College of Art (SMO).
A BBC Scotland investigation has been launched into the rollout of "superfast" broadband in rural areas.
Education Secretary Iain Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be the worst performing school in the UK by 2021.
Police in India have arrested three people in connection with the TalkTalk data breach.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of killing two police officers in the US state of Iowa.
The Scottish government has increased the number of student teacher places in Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands to more than 1,200.
George Lawrie says he is relishing the prospect of playing in Europe's Ryder Cup against the United States next month.
The Unison union has given its backing to Jeremy Corbyn's bid to become Labour's next leader.
England's Luke Donald is three shots off the lead after two rounds of the Genesis Open at Riviera in Texas.
Jamie Heaslip has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Wales on Saturday with an ankle injury.
Manchester City Council's chief executive and three senior officers have been suspended following an investigation into child sexual exploitation.
Streaming service Netflix is expanding beyond the US to more countries.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have announced the departure of manager John Hughes.
There is a sense of calm in Greece, even though it looks as if it is about to get a new bailout.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service has announced.
Golfers can live longer than non-golfers, according to new research.
Catalans Dragons have re-signed former New South Wales international Tom Mason on a one-year deal after he was ruled out for the rest of the season through injury.
(Close): Shares in fashion house Burberry led the FTSE 100 higher after a number of broker downgrades.
Muslim Match, a dating website for married Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.
The United States has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's Vice-President over his alleged links to organised crime.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was attacked with what police have described as a "sharp object".
An award-winning novel set during the Cold War has gone on sale in the US.
Tanzania's President Joseph Kikwete has dismissed a government minister after she accepted a $1m (Â£800,000) donation for a school.
She had come prepared to say sorry, time and again.
JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay $13bn (Â£11bn) to settle civil and criminal charges related to the mortgage-backed securities scandal, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James will be fit to compete at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio, according to her coach Mark Sutton.
South Korea's Samsung Galaxy Team has won the League of Legends (LoL) Grand Final.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield United beat League One strugglers Bury.
An 18-year-old man has been discharged from a mental health unit in London after an initial traumatic event involving a close brush with death.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
French prosecutors have charged a 26-year-old man with "participating in activities of a terrorist group and with a terrorist attack" in Brussels.
Great Britain's Hannah Tutton won gold in the women's 200m individual medley at the European Swimming Championships in Budapest.
Finance Minister Arlene McLeod has said a croft house grant scheme could be used to help crofters get on to the housing ladder.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to leave the club at the end of the season.
The pound has fallen against other major currencies after the UK's inflation rate slowed to its lowest rate in nearly two years.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of how carbon came to form on Earth more than 100 million years ago.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of US jobs figures.
The FBI is seeking access to an iPhone belonging to San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
A new badge for Ayr United has been unveiled following an online vote.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital following a crash in Cardiff.
A West Yorkshire teenager believed to have travelled to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has reportedly died.
Five Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the National League club.
The death of a nine-year-old boy who was forced into his bedroom by his mother was "unfair", an inquest has heard.
A man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has asked a judge to allow him to travel to County Donegal on bail.
A new £2.5m research and development centre has been set up to improve the way people are treated with wounds.
In the wake of the chemical weapons attack on a Syrian airfield on Thursday night, US President Donald Trump appeared to change his mind on foreign policy.
Lewis Foderingham says it was "disappointing" that Rangers midfielder Scott Sinclair has been banned from all football-related activity.
An emergency call from Prince's Paisley Park care home was made by the singer's doctor the day before he died, his lawyer has said.
Edinburgh's Twelve Closes are to be transformed into "useable routes" linking different parts of the Old Town.
Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted to ban the wearing of full face veils in public places.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a 71-year-old woman was hit by a car.
Munster have appointed former British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell as their new director of rugby.
Veteran Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has quit the party to join the Lib Dems, Jeremy Corbyn has announced.
Cocaine cultivation in Colombia has increased by almost 50% in the past year, according to a new report by the United Nations.
You may have heard of one of Scotland's best-loved young players - a 6ft 2in (2.4m) winger who has scored four goals in four games for Nottingham Forest.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic taekwondo gold medallist Alassane Cisse says he has become a "national symbol" of the sport in Ivory Coast.
Hundreds of Southern rail passengers face further disruption after striking conductors walked out in a row over pay and conditions.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a cement factory in the Portuguese port city of Porto, officials say.
Cristian is growing his own cannabis plants in a park in Montevideo, Uruguay.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte has sold at auction for more than £20,000.
An oil leak in the North Sea has shut down a key pumping station in Shetland.
Two British tourists have gone on trial in the United Arab Emirates accused of spying on planes.
Martin Johnsen has signed a one-year contract extension with Danish side Den Haag following his release by Hearts.
Two young people have been given the chance to become monks of old in Monmouthshire.
It is almost time for Louis van Gaal to get back to the top of the Premier League.
When it comes to assessing the threat posed to the UK's armed forces, it's easy to get lost in the fog.
Wales' men's hockey team have been relegated from the B Division of the EuroHockey A Division after losing to Scotland.
The family of a 79-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire have paid tribute to him.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he is pleased with the progress made by back-row forward Sam Woodburn.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola will face his former club Manchester City in the group stage of the Champions League.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has praised the government's decision to remove the highest denomination currency, the rupee, from circulation.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Paul Casey carded a four-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Race to Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the contest to succeed Jeremy Corbyn.
A Kent council has suspended its own litter enforcement officers after the Panorama programme revealed people were wrongly fined for putting their recycling down a drain.
The pound fell against the dollar after a closely watched survey suggested the UK's services sector had picked up momentum.
Hundreds of police officers have been injured and dozens of people have been arrested after two nights of rioting in London.
The number of cancer cases in Wales increased by more than 5% between 2006 and 2015, figures have shown.
It is always going to be difficult to predict who is going to win the group stage at a major tournament.
The independent inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales has ruled that it will not be forced to reveal details of its operations unless they are in the public interest.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to examine video footage of an on-field brawl between Keighley Cougars and their players in the Challenge Cup fourth round.
US actress Shirley Temple Black has died at the age of 95.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall defender Abdou for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer.
A Porto player has been banned for four years for a violent attack on a referee.
The Royal Albert Hall is still one of the most preferred concert halls in the world, according to conductor Sir Andrew Gormley.
The body of a man has been found in a wheelie bin outside a block of flats in Bedfordshire, police have said.
There is an "inherent risk" of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham, a police watchdog has said.
Southend United manager Danny Brown says refereeing was "unbelievable" during the League Two play-off final defeat by League Two rivals Gillingham.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders in a bid to tackle the attainment gap.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
Cameroon midfielder Emmanuel Assou-Ekotto has signed a one-year contract extension with St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in what he says will be a major shake-up of the country's government.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrades to his Nkandla residence.
The body of a third man has been recovered from the site of the collapsed Tesco supermarket in Swansea.
A Pembrokeshire teacher who sent sexually inappropriate messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
A chick has hatched at the Loch of the Lowes Wildlife Reserve in Perthshire for the second time in three years.
Four people have been taken to hospital following a fire at a house in County Tyrone.
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) has said action is needed to improve the care provided at a care home run by Cornwall Care.
Donald Trump's first 100 days in the White House were a whirlwind of policy announcements.
The body of a man shot dead during a burglary at his Dorset home has been recovered from a river, police have said.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a west London pub.
Welsh Premiership side Newport Gwent Dragons have been taken over by a United States-based company.
A former head of care at a boarding school for children with special learning difficulties has been charged with historical sex offences.
Schools and colleges are to offer free seminars on how to prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has said North Korea's recent missile test is "outrageous" and should be stopped.
Actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Star Wars film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United have confirmed they are close to completing a £100m move for the January transfer window.
Work has begun to uncover the remains of a medieval bridge which was used as a tram crossing for centuries.
The hottest temperature ever recorded in the UK - 36.7C (98F) - has been recorded in central London.
It is difficult to know exactly what motivated the suicide bomber who crashed his plane into the German Alps, Andreas Lubitz.
Angus O'Brien scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons.
One of the most tantalising discoveries of the Cretaceous period has been the discovery of an important clue to the fate of the asteroid that crashed into Earth.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a "terrible deal" from the European Union.
Dai Donald and Aneurin Lloyd both scored maiden first-class centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by nine wickets in Cardiff.
Detectives investigating the death of a man who was found unconscious on a subway in west London have appealed for witnesses.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to play a musical instrument at home?
Pop star Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke doesn't have time to work on a new album.
An Oxfordshire secondary school could be forced to close because of a lack of management and effective teaching, inspectors have said.
Three UK intelligence agencies are increasing their recruitment targets to encourage more women to apply for jobs.
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire is to be wound up in the High Court on Monday, it has been announced.
Shrewsbury Town have completed the signing of former Motherwell defender Alex Jules on loan until the end of the season.
The European Commission has blocked the planned merger of O2 and Hutchison Whampoa.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
Oldham extended their lead at the top of League One to seven points with victory over struggling Peterborough.
Brazil's ex-leader Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with obstruction of justice over a corruption scandal at state-oil company Petrobras.
Scientists are studying the effects of solar flares and geomagnetic storms on the Earth.
Bath have signed Leicester Tigers second-row pair Geoff Parling and Olly Woodburn for next season.
(Close): Mining shares dragged the FTSE 100 lower, dragged down by Antofagasta and Vodafone.
A charity auction for a lunch with Apple CEO Tim Cook has raised more than $100,000 (Â£65,000).
Victor Traore has withdrawn from Guinea's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Tiny Swaziland.
Cape Verde's hopes of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia.
An Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire has opened its doors to the public.
The number of people taking their own lives could be halved under proposals being considered by the government.
Susie Wolff will drive for Williams for the first time in 2015, the team have confirmed.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed Bristol Rovers midfielder Josh Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden created in memory of their mother at Kensington Palace.
Police in Spain are searching for the driver of a van that crashed into a pedestrian zone in Barcelona.
Construction work on a roundabout in Wrexham has been delayed because of a lack of information.
Phil Taylor will meet Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld in the quarter-finals of the Premier League after beating Kim Huybrechts on Thursday.
More than 100,000 people from around the world are being invited to take part in a project to unlock the secrets of their DNA.
Kilmarnock have agreed a deal to re-sign Chris Crofts from Gillingham until the end of the season.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England built a strong first-innings lead over Sri Lanka in their first warm-up match before the first Test against South Africa.
The remains of a helicopter which was forced to make an emergency landing on Snowdonia have been recovered by the Ministry of Defence.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has told MSPs the Scottish government's funding deal with local authorities does not merit an 18% increase in council tax.
Hundreds of thousands of sheep have been sold at an auction in Sutherland.
On Monday morning, more than 1,000 people lined the skies above Cape Canaveral, Florida, for the launch of one of the most important science experiments in history.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician, officials say.
Visitors to a war memorial in France have been told they must use an unmade public right of way or face hostility or harassment.
Media around the world have been reacting to Boris Johnson's decision not to stand against David Cameron in the EU referendum.
Ulster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point victory over Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A job seeker has said she is "furious" after receiving an e-mail suggesting she was a "home educated oddball".
The return of actor Jim Broadbent to the London stage to play Ebenezer Scrooge has been met with a mixed response from critics.
There has been an explosion in the number of free period tracking apps on the market.
The parents of Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete convicted of killing his girlfriend, have spoken of their "heartache" ahead of his sentencing.
Salford Red Devils have released Josh Chase, Chris Hansen and Tom Paterson following the club's Super League win at Widnes.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be "very difficult" for his side to qualify for the Europa League.
Dame Judi Dench says she is "delighted" to be supporting the Surrey Wildlife Trust and its "new build" project.
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled in the Royal Mint.
Patients at hundreds of GP surgeries in England are facing "painful" waiting times because of the Conservative government's commitment to extended hours, the government has said.
American Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" after being named on Europe's winning team at the PGA Championship.
A police firearms response was "necessary and proportionate" when five men tried to ram a police car in Carnoustie, a watchdog has said.
More than 36 motorcyclists were killed on London's roads last year, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Former Manchester United defender Ryan McNair has been selected to represent Northern Ireland at this year's Milk Cup.
An accident and emergency unit at a Wrexham hospital has been rated "inadequate" by health inspectors.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The man accused of shooting dead five people at a Florida airport has appeared in court in the US state of Florida.
A man accused of planning to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he was "oddly fascinated" by child pornography.
New Zealand and the US have agreed to designate the Ross Sea as an Important Marine Protected Area (MPA).
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate Diwali.
Jackie Collins, one of the world's best-selling authors, has died of breast cancer, her family has announced.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of poisoning her four ex-husbands with cyanide.
A seven-year-old sturgeon that swam out of a flood-hit fish centre has been rescued.
Former West Indies all-rounder Ben Simmons has resigned as head coach following criticism of his selection for the tour of Sri Lanka.
A drug dealer who went on the run after posting pictures of himself on social media has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing presenters Steve and Ola Jordan have spoken for the first time about the claims they were bullied on the show.
A comedy film about mental health issues is to be shot in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol Rovers manager Lee Sturrock says he will not be able to cope with the number of injured players he is dealing with.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk says his company is still investigating the cause of an explosion on a Falcon 9 rocket last week.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital following a fall off a cliff in Dorset.
Two teenagers who were wrongly arrested by Metropolitan Police have been awarded more than £100,000 in damages.
The First Lady of Zimbabwe, Grace Mugabe, has been granted diplomatic immunity by the South African government over an alleged assault on a South African model.
A court in Russia has sentenced six teenage dancers to jail after a video of them twerking on stage went viral.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed defender Ryan Webster from League Two rivals Portsmouth for an undisclosed fee.
Premier League football is entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Brighton & Hove Albion manager Alan Archibald says he does not think Polish coaches are trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in Scotland.
Olympic long jump champion Gemma Peake has set her sights on setting a new Welsh record at the Rio Games on Saturday.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a school in Peshawar on Wednesday, a new narrative emerged about the role played by the Pakistani Taliban.
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off its four main business units as part of a "bold new course" to unlock value.
League One side Morecambe have signed former Preston North End midfielder Louis Barkhuizen on a pre-contract until the end of the season.
Ten Chinese cities have been declared "severe pollution", the environmental ministry has said.
As the Islamic holy month of Ramadan draws to a close in Iran, the BBC looks at the country's "morality police".
Wakefield made it back-to-back Challenge Cup final appearances with a hard-fought victory over Huddersfield Giants.
Two cars have ended up on top of each other on the side of the road in Londonderry.
Award-winning films The Imitation Game and Kingsman: The Secret Service were among the winners at this year's Empire Awards in London.
As a geologist in the United States, Mark Barak knows a thing or two about extracting oil.
Supermarket chain Asda has started a trial in Greater Manchester where customers will be able to hear a pin drop when they open their doors.
Ten years ago, in the midst of the civil war in Syria, David Barrett was working as a warden at a dog pound in Beirut.
An artificial intelligence system has been shown how to master a wide range of video games.
Aston Villa have appointed Chinese businessman Dr Xiaochuan as their new chief executive.
The head of Brazil's armed forces has said that the country's intelligence services received a threat of a jihadist attack at the Olympics in Rio in August.
Lee Swanson has signed a new two-year contract with St Johnstone, with the option of a further year.
European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has said it has developed the world's first commercial petrol engine.
A Crystal Palace fan has been found guilty of throwing a baton at police during the FA Cup third-round tie at Selhurst Park.
A medical examiner in Guatemala has ordered the retrial of former military chief General Rios Montt.
Pokemon Go fans are being warned not to enter the accident and emergency department at a Stoke-on-Trent hospital.
Newcastle Falcons have signed fly-half Toby Flood from Leicester Tigers.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of British hip-hop.
Danny Mayor scored a stoppage-time winner as Millwall came from behind to beat League One Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth for the first time after docking with a space laboratory.
The trustee of Cardigan Castle in Carmarthenshire has resigned to protect his family from "virtual persecution".
A police officer has been shot dead by a suspected member of a far-right extremist group in Bavaria, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he wants his team to be "physical, fair and brutal" when they face Ireland at Twickenham on Saturday.
Johnston Press, owner of The Scotsman and The i, has reported a fall in profits and revenues for the first eight weeks of the year.
A free school in Birmingham has been rated "outstanding" by Ofsted, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A crowdfunding campaign set up in memory of British soldiers killed in Iraq has raised more than £100,000.
China's Ma Ying-jeou won gold in the men's singles with a 4-0 victory over compatriot Zhang Shuai in Rio.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns to her hands in a bushfire has become the first person to complete an Ironman triathlon.
It used to be one of the world's biggest pharmaceutical companies.
The James Webb Space Telescope is about to go into orbit.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's decision to rejoin the African Union (AU) as part of efforts to resolve a long-running dispute over independence.
Hollywood actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon has been described as "a failure on the part of the administrators".
Police in Dumfries and Galloway have said the annual Guid Nychburris parade has passed peacefully.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a public consultation on Scottish independence later.
The mother of a nine-year-old girl who received lifesaving blood transfusions after being diagnosed with leukaemia has paid tribute to donors who saved her life.
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "real sea change" in the use of "crime porn".
The owner of an east London shopping centre has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
The Angolan government has withdrawn a controversial internet law aimed at curbing the spread of anti-government sentiment.
Hungary, one of Central Europe's largest economies, is one of the poorest countries in the European Union.
A woman was set on fire by a group of men who set fire to her while she was waiting at a McDonald's, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni says he will veto a bill that would make homosexuality a criminal offence.
Award-winning actress Ava DuVernay has said Lionsgate "will continue to do better" after it was accused of failing to "live up to our own standards of sensitivity and diversity".
Wales will begin their Euro 2016 campaign against Belgium on Wednesday with a game against Hungary at Twickenham.
A teenage boy has been charged in connection with the death of a pregnant woman in east London.
Oscar-winning Kevin Kline has signed up to star in Disney's new Beauty and the Beast film.
Warrenpoint Town will host Dungannon Swifts in the second round of the Danske Bank Premiership on Monday.
The availability of superfast broadband in Wales has not reached the level it should, according to one of the country's leading technology experts.
An MP has called for a meeting with the Italian government over the death of a woman who was found stabbed to death at her home in Italy.
Growth in the UK's industrial and construction sectors slowed in February, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland have been asking politicians what they want to do with their lives.
Swansea City midfielder Jack Grimes has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle banned items into a prison.
Gusts of up to 55mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Booker Prize-winning author Shailesh Ghosh has visited India's President's official residence for the first time.
The risk of a repeat of a flood caused by the collapse of a bridge over the River Wharfe is "unprecedented", a report says.
Ipswich Town have completed the signing of Blackburn Rovers and Torquay United striker Ryan Moore and ex-Preston North End defender David Spence.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan.
Iceland maintained their 100% start to the Euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a 2-0 win over the Netherlands.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared victims, have been formally identified, the BBC has learned.
Olympic water polo star Sarah Adlington has opened a new swimming pool at the Bridgefoot Sports Centre on the Isle of Wight.
Plans to redevelop Stoke-on-Trent Football Club's stadium have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen after the department store chain reported a sharp fall in sales.
The UK's National Radio Networks (Nats) has developed a system that bounces radio waves off wind turbines.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) says it is investigating 56 cases of alleged police failures in relation to child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have completed the loan signing of former Ajax winger Florian Le Roux.
Scientists say they have discovered a genetic cause of male infertility - a condition in which men are unable to produce sperm.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been taken ill at Stormont in Northern Ireland.
Volunteers at an 11th Century church in York say they are "no further forward" in their efforts to get bats to move out.
A far-right youth movement in France is to be dissolved following the death of a student who was attacked with a knuckle-duster, prosecutors say.
Tony Bellew says he does not want to fight heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua.
Maesteg Harlequins scrum-half Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping after testing positive for two banned substances.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the first time with a straight-set win over Italy's Elena Falconi.
The number of people renting property in the UK is set to double in the next five years, according to surveyors.
Championship side West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with victory at League Two Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton captain Danny Duffy has warned Rangers they face a "monumental upset" in their Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox.
Two men have been charged in connection with a series of sexual offences in Sunderland.
Plans to store electricity in quarries in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead despite opposition from conservationists.
Midfielder Sean Raggett has been left out of the starting line-up for the National League play-off semi-final against Dover.
Wales reached the semi-finals of the 1986 World Cup with victory over England at Cheltenham.
Prof Stephen Hawking has called for a rethink of science education in the UK.
An investigation is under way after a car was set on fire in East Lothian.
Plans to force Welsh councils to provide a set number of public toilets per population area have been branded "unrealistic" by campaigners.
British Airways cabin crew have rejected a new pay offer, the Unite union has said.
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the bomber who carried out last week's suicide bomb attack in the capital, Ankara.
Plans to build and operate a hydro power station near the Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been rejected by Natural Resources Wales (NRW).
A pensioner is to stand trial accused of causing the death of a teenage netball player by dangerous driving.
The smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" in Kent than any other smoking ban in the UK, UKIP's deputy leader has said.
A statue of comedian Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in his home village of Timperley in Greater Manchester.
Firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi.
A man accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £150,000 has told a court it was "not something I agree with" and he will put a claim in.
It's been another busy week for me at Wimbledon.
An 18-month-old manuscript has been appraised by the National Library of England for the first time.
Airbus and one of the world’s biggest aerospace companies, OneWeb, have launched a multi-satellite constellation in the sky.
A mother and baby have been found safe and well in Pembrokeshire, police have said.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost his appeal against his murder conviction at the Supreme Court of Appeal.
A court in Japan has ordered the reopening of two nuclear power stations that were shut down following the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
A new comedy festival has opened in Aberdeen.
Ex-Crewe Alexandra and England footballer Jamie Woodward says he is still waiting to hear from police over claims he was sexually abused as a child.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in revenge porn laws.
The chief executive of India's banned Dera Sacha Sauda sect has resigned after a controversial film was cleared for release.
Would you consider cutting your own hair in the future?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of BBC Radio 2's Strictly Come Dancing next year.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their tickets, according to the Office for National Statistics.
Hundreds of university staff in Wrexham and Cardiff have taken part in strike action over pay.
It's that time of year again - but how do you make the most of it?
Glasgow-based oil and gas services firm Aggreko has agreed to buy North American heating solutions provider Dryco for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has described Donald Trump's US election victory as a "mistake typical of all the left around the world".
Three men have been cautioned for publishing the name of a woman who was raped by Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards says it is "definitely happening" as the band prepare for their 50th anniversary tour.
British number one Johanna Konta said her US Open semi-final defeat by Ana Krunic was "not an easy defeat".
Barnsley missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Preston.
A South Korean basketball player accused of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she was born in South Korea has been banned from the sport.
All children under the age of 12 will be eligible for government-funded childcare vouchers, the government has announced.
Planning permission has been granted for Ceredigion to host the National Eisteddfod later this year.
Leigh Centurions head coach Gary Rowley has resigned following the club's exit from The Qualifiers.
One of the 2,000 unemployed in Finland is taking part in a trial to see if a basic income will make them more attractive to work.
Mount Etna in northern Italy has erupted again, this time spewing ash into the air.
Scotland scrum-half Christophe Pyrgos says he is relishing the opportunity to lead his side into the World Cup quarter-finals.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) have recaptured the Iraqi city of Bazwaya from the jihadists, the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time at a summit in Laos.
When Taylor Swift posted a picture of herself on social media, people thought she was Taylor Swift.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Monday, despite gains in oil and gas companies.
Football can be one of the most exciting sports in the world.
A third foot has been found in a park in Bristol, police have said.
Planning permission has been granted for the demolition of historic buildings earmarked for demolition.
A Pakistani judge has recused himself from hearing an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy.
The waiting time for mental health treatment in Wales is to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
Former Australian rugby league star Josh Hunt has been charged with cocaine trafficking in South East Queensland.
Former England batsman Chris Lewis hopes his return from prison can help young cricketers avoid the pitfalls of a career in modern-day sport.
Ross County extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory at Kilmarnock.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at Thomond Park.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Thokozile Mosimane has urged his team to "fight for it" after they were knocked out of the African Champions League in the first leg of their second qualifying round tie against KCCA.
An 18th Century tin mine in Cornwall is to be turned into a museum following the TV series Poldark.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has accused his rival Ted Cruz of "losing the Iowa caucuses".
Olympic silver medallist Kadeena Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist since winning her fourth gold medal at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been confirmed as the new permanent manager of England.
When Theresa May announced her resignation as prime minister at the end of last year's General Election, many impressionists were shocked.
An unpublished letter written by World War Two war poet John Lewis has sold at auction for more than £2,000.
The first of Loganair's fleet of aircraft has been refurbished.
The family of a five-year-old girl who went missing while she was being treated at a hospital may have given a false address, police have said.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, says it will delay the release of its third-quarter results as a result of the emissions scandal in the US.
Thousands of supporters of a protest movement in the Indian state of West Bengal have set fire to motorcycles and cars in the Darjeeling hills.
Norwich City striker Danny Tettey says he will be "talked about" if he scores a Yaya Toure goal.
Great Britain beat New Zealand 4-3 in their final Pool B match at the Women's Hockey World League Final.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as head of the Confederation of African Football, replacing Issa Hayatou.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing in Cardiff.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new Test captain following Michael Clarke's decision to retire from international cricket.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Partick Thistle, keeping him at Firhill until the summer of 2019.
A drink-driver has been banned from driving for three years and given a community service order after a 15-year-old girl was found unconscious in his car.
Tranmere Rovers have re-signed Birmingham City midfielder James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, Labour MP David Blunkett has suggested.
Gateshead extended their lead at the top of the National League to five points with a 1-1 draw at home to Guiseley.
Preston North End have re-signed Aston Villa midfielder Alex Robinson and brought in Ipswich midfielder Ryan Pringle on loan.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take "appropriate action" after footage emerged of Orange Order members singing an anti-Irish song at a parade.
Scientists in the UK are to carry out gene editing experiments in human embryos.
Australia took a 2-0 lead in the three-match one-day series against India with a six-wicket victory in Manuka.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing the NHS in England.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would consider resigning if he was in charge of the Irish Catholic Church.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash on a dual carriageway.
A "suspicious" vehicle has been seized by bomb disposal officers on the outskirts of Glasgow.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 50,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported weaker-than-expected sales in the first three months of the year.
Iraqi Kurdish fighters have been accused of using chemical weapons against Islamic State (IS) militants near the border with Syria.
A man has been rescued from a sinking car in freezing water.
People in England are to be able to check the quality of care they are receiving on a new website.
An artificial intelligence (AI) system is being developed to help companies decide whether or not to invest in a company.
Johnson & Johnson, the maker of talcum powder, has been ordered to pay $100m (Â£78m) in damages after a jury found it was liable for fraud and negligence.
Canada's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in Italy.
Substitute Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Morecambe came from behind to draw with Wycombe.
An 86-year-old woman was hit over the head with bacon during a robbery at a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
The Irish club hurling final will be shown live on BBC Radio Ulster on Saturday.
The parents of a three-year-old girl found dead on a bus have denied her murder.
A Danish container ship has been seized in Iranian waters, the Danish shipping company Maersk says.
Chelsea's Pedro remains in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a head injury during Saturday's Champions League win over China.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The Labour MP for Cardiff South and Penarth has been re-elected.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest march against plans to build two wind turbines in Lincolnshire.
President Barack Obama will not be attending the signing of the landmark Paris climate agreement on Wednesday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife's body was found at a house in Somerset.
The popularity of Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy has boosted the number of people seeking genetic testing, research suggests.
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent cardiology appointment at the Ulster Hospital has risen by more than 50% in the past year.
A man is in a stable condition in hospital after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a shop in north Belfast.
On a sunny afternoon in the Spanish town of Benavista in the north-west of the country, Joanna Stevens is cleaning up after her cleaning business.
Hundreds of bottles of detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach.
Women's Super League One club Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed striker Katie Heatherson on a one-year contract.
Police have released CCTV images of four people they want to speak to in connection with an anti-racism protest in east London.
The mayor of a Cheshire council has resigned after being accused of "misled" councillors over a £156,000 contract awarded to a fitness company.
Shares in Premier Oil have risen by more than 90% after it agreed to buy E.On, the UK's largest oil and gas company.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of League of Ireland as they came from behind to beat Ballymena United 2-1.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she opened fire during an armed robbery.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough thrashed Bristol Rovers in League One.
School bus services in Pembrokeshire have been put up for sale in a bid to find a buyer.
Coventry City have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jose Etxabeguren on a two-year deal.
Smog has blanketed parts of the eastern Indian city of Bangalore.
Fernando Fernandez, who played for the Miami Marlins, has died at the age of 37.
Islamic State (IS) militants have clashed with tribesmen in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada flight was forced to make an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport on 7 July.
Three brothers from Rotherham have been found guilty of a string of sex offences against women between the ages of 12 and 14.
Brexit risks for the UK fishing industry, according to a House of Lords review.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
There is growing concern about the safety of London's streets following the terror attack in Paris.
Arsenal have signed teenage defender Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee.
Rescue workers in Colombia say more than 100 people have been killed in a landslide in the north-eastern city of Bello.
A second man has been arrested as part of an investigation into the London Bridge terror attack.
Uefa has suspended the head of Spanish football, Alejandro Villar, as part of an investigation into corruption allegations.
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could lead to zoos closing in Scotland, according to a leading circus professional.
A mentally ill man who murdered a healthcare assistant at a mental health unit in Gloucestershire has been jailed for eight years.
A German man has been sentenced to death by a court in the northern city of Duesseldorf.
Substitute Ross Wallace scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday came from behind to beat Huddersfield.
French media say a fuel additive has been found in a faulty breast implant made by a French company.
Welsh Labour should "shut up shop" if it loses the assembly election, the party's leader in Wales has said.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history, as the country celebrates the country's return to international competition.
Five councillors have admitted they may have fallen asleep during a Commons Select Committee debate.
Italy's Francesco Molinari secured his first European Tour title with victory in the final round of the BMW PGA Championship at Le Golf National.
A record number of bird flocks of this size have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree.
Chinese state media have reacted angrily to the US nominee for secretary of state, accusing him of naivety and unrealistic political fantasies.
The hunt for a large cat in the French Alps has been scaled back after paw prints were found near a service station.
Four people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international crackdown on cybercrime.
The chairman of Fifa's reform taskforce will not be able to lead an independent panel, the organisation has confirmed.
James Solomons has been named as the winner of this year's Waterstones Children's Book Prize.
Plans to cut services at Eastbourne Hospital have been criticised by paediatricians.
Guinea's capital, Conakry, is set to be declared free of the Ebola virus for the first time since 2014.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
The sale of a 17th Century crucifixion has been secured after a campaign to save it raised more than £1m.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 82.
A pilot and a tanker driver have been injured after their light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Mark McCall has described a pitch invasion by Millwall fans as "nonsense".
The next parliamentary stage of UK-Scottish budget talks has been postponed until after May's election.
A Palestinian high court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former army general Ibrahim Dasuki has been arrested on suspicion of fraud in connection with an arms deal worth more than $2bn (Â£1bn).
Georgia have "outgrown" the European Nations Championship, according to head coach David Haig.
An 85-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Nigeria's leading female Hausa actress has been banned from the country's film industry after she appeared in a viral video.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has died at the age of 83.
The life and work of one of Scotland's oldest poets is to be recreated.
On the streets of Timbuktu in Mali's capital, Bamako, a group of young men and women have gathered to celebrate the liberation of the city from Islamist militants.
A Pembrokeshire police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man during an incident in Caernarfon.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after an eight-year-old girl was attacked by it during a drugs test.
If you look closely, you might be hard pressed to find a desert which looks like an arid desert.
Police Scotland has said it does not yet know the full extent of the problem of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous and influential collectors of historical memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy in England and Wales has become a "toxic brand", a former Metropolitan Police chief has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have failed to qualify for the Olympic Games in Rio.
Japan's Nikkei 225 share index closed down 1.7% at 17,572.49 on Friday, its lowest level on record.
In the wake of the refugee crisis in Libya, Britain has renewed its engagement with the country.
George Clooney's Oxfordshire home could be fitted with CCTV cameras in a bid to improve privacy.
Steffan Messenger will be covering the general election across the UK this weekend.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "slow, complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a two-year contract extension with the national team.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in their final one-day international before the World Twenty20 in March.
Bissouma has signed a one-year contract extension with French Ligue 1 side Stade Pierre-Mauroy.
Hundreds of thousands of people have turned out in Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has suspended the laboratory of Bloemfontein, South Africa, from carrying out anti-doping activities.
One of the lifeboat crew members at a Channel Islands lifeboat station has resigned.
On Sunday, the International Cricket Council (ICC) will decide who will take charge of the Champions Trophy final between India and Pakistan.
A vicar has been cleared of sexually abusing a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
Talks aimed at averting further industrial action by the Wood Group and the RMT unions in the North Sea have ended without agreement.
Northamptonshire's bowlers struggled on day two against Essex at Chelmsford.
A Polish taxi driver who pretended to be a police officer has been found guilty of armed robbery.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accepted a knighthood in the House of Lords following an inquiry into anti-Semitism in the party.
The first time we met the man behind the controversial digital currency Bitcoin, I was surprised to find that he was very quiet.
A man has been charged with perverting the course of justice following the death of a man who was hit by a car in Manchester.
Pregnant women in Wrexham and Bangor face having to travel further for care if plans to downgrade maternity services go ahead.
North Korea is believed to have been behind the massive cyber-attack that hit the UK and the NHS in May 2017, the BBC has learned.
An anti-abuse team is to be set up in Powys as part of an overhaul of the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
A couple who got engaged while on the sofa watching an episode of EastEnders.
The bodies of at least 6,786 Syrian detainees have been found in the courtyard of a military hospital in the capital Damascus, Human Rights Watch (HRW) says.
A Sinn Féin MP has called on the Northern Ireland Secretary to clarify why he did not take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played before the McKenna Cup final.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a Sudanese club after an incident in which officials were involved in a melee.
On a street outside the White House in Columbus, Ohio, there is a giant sign.
Science reporter Gaia Vince has won this year's Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters in the Thai capital, Bangkok, are demanding a two-year period without elections.
A man has been charged after a 73-year-old woman was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run.
Edinburgh and Edinburgh airports have welcomed the UK government's decision not to devolve control of Air Passenger Duty (APD) to Northern Ireland.
Robin McBryde has been named Wales head coach for the summer tour of New Zealand.
US-backed Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of an ancient monastery in Iraq.
Ex-servicemen and women are less likely to die from suicide than the general public, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
James Anderson has dismissed Geoffrey Boycott's criticism of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan ahead of their World Cup opener against Australia.
For more than 200 years, a Victorian mansion in the centre of the south of Scotland has been the focus of a campaign to turn it into a centre for children's literature.
Mae gogledd Cymru wedi dweud bod nifer yr ymwelwyr i Gymru yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliadau ar draws yng Nghymru.
Health care in the home should not be a "guinea pig" for "steep privatisation", the Green Party and UKIP candidates have said.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined more than £40m by the UK's competition watchdog.
The founder of one of the world's most successful football clubs is to be honoured with a plaque in his honour.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has confirmed.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
The US Secret Service has shot dead an armed security contractor who tried to board a lift with President Barack Obama at the White House.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yn golygu na fydd faniau yn gallu dod a chydrannau ceir i'w garej Bryn Eira.
Burmese President Thein Sein has replaced the speaker of parliament, sources say.
The Hunting Act is "inadequate" in its current form and should be strengthened, an anti-hunting campaign group has said.
Former US House Speaker John Boehner is no stranger to tears.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley has come at a time when India's tech industry is at its peak.
Sportswear retailer Sports Direct has reported a 25% fall in full-year pre-tax profits to Â£2.2m, as it continues to struggle with a "significant deterioration" in exchange rates.
Canadian officials are trying to repatriate two Canadians who were detained in Beijing, China.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said Libya's unity government is the "only entity that can unify the country" and defeat so-called Islamic State.
The treasurer of Spain's main opposition Popular Party (PP) party has arrived at anti-corruption prosecutors' office in Madrid.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Ram Nath Kovind have held talks in the capital, Dhaka.
A former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a fellow officer more than 40 years ago.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists who stripped and urinated on a popular tourist spot in Malaysia have been given suspended jail terms.
Finding Dory has dropped out of the top 10 at the UK box office.
The proportion of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in any other EU country, according to a study.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended following allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's national taekwondo team will compete at the World Para World Championships in London and Manchester in 2017.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a two-year contract extension with the Spanish club.
Mae'r ffrwd Gymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu, yn ôl y cyngor yn dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio drwy'r ysgol yn y blynyddoedd diwethaf.
Former world number one Mark Williams will miss out on a place in the first round of the World Championship.
Two people have been charged in connection with an anti-expansion protest at London's Heathrow Airport.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked by President Donald Trump.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have offered new deals to striker Farhad Ghoochannejhad and defender Giorgio Motta.
A Gloucestershire police officer has been jailed after being found guilty of sexually exploiting vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline this year's Isle of Wight Festival.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave Moscow for now, his lawyer has said.
Norwich City manager Gary Money has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned Israel that it has no choice but to step up its air strikes in Syria.
A search is under way for a kayaker who went missing after his father's boat capsized in the River Wey.
A fountain commemorating parachutists who parachuted into a Nazi concentration camp during World War Two is in need of urgent restoration.
More than £30m has been raised for a year-long programme of cultural events in Hull, it has been announced.
South Yorkshire Police's chief constable David Crompton has been suspended over his handling of the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria's government says it will limit the number of migrants seeking asylum in neighbouring Serbia.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts in eastern Ukraine that could help them solve the mystery of the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17.
A convicted child sex abuser who applied to become a respite foster carer in Pembrokeshire had "no direct allegations of abuse", a report has found.
A six-year-old girl with leukaemia who underwent a pioneering treatment in the US has been told her cancer has gone.
Fossils of the earliest pine tree have been discovered in Canada.
Plans for a £22m beach recharge in Gloucestershire have been described as "garbage" by a councillor.
Antonio Conte's first game in charge of Premier League champions Chelsea has been an emotional rollercoaster of emotions.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Burnell claimed his first gold medal of the season with victory in the 200m freestyle at London 2012.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been elected as the new speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, with Martin McGuinness saying it was a "big and bold move".
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson on loan and Barnsley midfielder Kieran Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's FA Cup third-round tie.
Three female members of staff have been arrested over the death of a pupil who fell into a swimming pool.
Emma Croker will make her first start for England in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Ireland.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday night.
Woody debris from the Loch Ness Monster may have been the cause of recent sightings of the creature in Inverness, wildlife experts have said.
The UK's economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed due to safety concerns.
Police in Mauritius have seized heroin worth an estimated Â£1m from the country's national football team.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Damien Hirst, one of Britain's most influential artists, is to write his own autobiography.
Aberdeen manager Derek Milne has said the club are in a "fair position" following a "challenging period" for Scottish football.
Two dogs killed in a crash on the A470 in Snowdonia have found a new home.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a four-year-old girl was killed in a crash with a lorry.
A 33-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Former Arsenal and Liverpool midfielder N'Golo Kante has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
One of Glasgow's best-known gyms is set to reopen after it was forced to close earlier this year.
Raffaele Morricone says he was "flattered" by Quentin Tarantino's response to criticism of his music.
Wladimir Dasaolu secured Britain's place in the 200m at the Rio Olympics with an impressive victory at the IPC Athletics World Championships.
One in five children in Australia is living below the poverty line, according to a new report.
Up to 100 jobs are to be created at a former Sanofi plant in Newcastle.
Leicestershire Speedway have been taken over by promoter Dave Bates.
A teenager has died following an incident at a recycling plant in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of a six-year-old girl is to remain in custody at Belfast Children's Hospital, a court has heard.
Detectives investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man have renewed their appeal for information a year after his death.
There is a "serious concern" that some private security escorts in the UK are using racist language in front of immigration inspectors, MPs have said.
One of the UK's leading scientists is studying the role that proteins play in the development of breast cancer.
People living with HIV should start antiretroviral drugs sooner rather than later to reduce the risk of developing Aids, say scientists.
Carrick Rangers have completed the signing of former Crusaders defender Conor McAllister.
Farmers in England will be able to maintain their own drainage ditches for up to 1.5km from April, under government plans.
A man nicknamed "Fred Flintstone" has won Europe's Strongest Man for the second year in a row.
Holidaymakers are being scammed out of tens of millions of pounds by online travel fraudsters, according to Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have found that some Muslim and Christian schools in England are failing to show proper respect for women and children.
Worcestershire all-rounder Mitch Santner has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a finger injury.
West Ham Ladies have signed an agreement with the club's women's football board, which will see the club continue to promote equality.
There is a "diversity crisis" in the performing arts in England, a Labour inquiry has found.
Southampton booked their place in the EFL Cup quarter-finals with victory over Crystal Palace.
Leyton Orient boss Michael O'Leary has been awarded £1m by football's world governing body Fifa following his dismissal from Al Ahli.
Former News of the World chief executive Andy Coulson and ex-Sun editor Karen Brooks have appeared at the Old Bailey charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept phone calls.
A total of 26 athletes from Italy have been accused of failing anti-doping tests.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her house on fire has been jailed.
Mexican footballer Oscar Pulido, who was kidnapped in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas, threatened and beat the kidnapper while on the phone, officials say.
Premier League leaders Leicester missed the chance to go top of the table as they were held to a goalless draw by Bournemouth.
The French Football Federation is to appeal against the suspension of Michel Platini from football's world governing body Fifa.
Luxury airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year.
Plans for a unitary police force in the Cotswolds could "signal the end" of Gloucestershire's police services, a police and crime commissioner has warned.
Plans to cut 1,400 jobs and increase council tax in a bid to save £134m have been approved by a council.
Goldman Sachs is changing the way it hires its top executives, in a bid to find the next Lloyd Blankfein.
Liverpool extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points with victory over Leicester.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle.
A Christian couple have become the first in the world to marry in a Pastafarian church.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged seven people, including Yahoo chief executive Yvonne Baratov, over the Yahoo data breach.
The Football Supporters Federation (FSF) has called for clubs to help prevent the illegal resale of football tickets.
Hundreds of thousands of emails belonging to the chief executive of social networking site Ashley Madison have been leaked online.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million between mid-2014 and mid-2038.
Conor Thomas scored the only goal of the game as Swindon came from behind to beat Millwall.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing more than a month ago have launched a national appeal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what it is like to deliver wind turbine parts.
An artificial intelligence system has been trained to spot skin cancer by a team of US researchers.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea "will not play" in Sunday's Premier League match against Tottenham, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Ex-Premier League footballer Carlisle has been banned from driving for four years and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
A Somerset road has reopened after being closed for more than two weeks due to flooding.
The weight of a dog that was rescued by the RSPCA after becoming ill has increased, it has emerged.
US reality TV star Rosie O'Donnell says she suffered a heart attack last week.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a man who died after being knocked out during a boxing match.
Hundreds of people have attended funerals in Salgar, the Colombian town hit by a landslide on Monday that killed more than 100 people.
Venezuela and Venezuela are at war.
One of the UK's most iconic lights is to be turned off for four years as part of a major restoration project.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side's second-half performance was "higher than that of the rival" Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
An animal rights activist has told a court he was present when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hounds near Jedburgh.
A conman who stole almost £100,000 from a Cardiff car parts company has been ordered to pay back almost £115,000 to his ex-employers.
Russia's agriculture minister has told the BBC that a ban on the import of wine from the European Union would be a "radical" move.
The sister of a British man arrested in India over alleged weapons offences has said she is "disappointed" that his case has not been heard.
There are "too few nurses" in Scotland, the Royal College of Nursing has warned.
A man accused of murdering his four-year-old son punched him in the stomach and poked his friend in the face, a court has heard.
One of the men who carried out the search for the sunken Royal Navy ship HMS Coventry has said it was like visiting a war grave.
Tidal wave demonstration zones off Anglesey and Pembrokeshire have been approved by the Welsh government.
Champion jockey AP McCoy has ended his 20-year career with victory in the Cheltenham Gold Cup.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who face delays of more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for an investigation into claims the US spy agency bugged Merkel's mobile phone.
Swansea City won the FA Youth Cup for the second time in three years on Sunday as the club's under-18s continued their winning start to the season.
Plans to turn part of the A303 into a dual carriageway near Stonehenge are "not an improvement worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Labour leadership hopeful Andy Burnham has said the party has "an outside but realistic chance of winning" after the vote closed on Tuesday.
The chancellor has refused to rule out raising the top rate of income tax to £12,500 for people earning over £150,000.
A persecuted minority of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority, who have been living in the country for centuries, have long been at the heart of international human rights concerns.
For years inheritance tax (ITT) - or inheritance tax - has been one of the most hotly debated topics in politics.
Dundee-based savings provider Alliance Trust Savings is being sold to Brewin Dolphin Holdings.
The BBC has announced plans to introduce 40 new languages as part of its plans to reach 500m people worldwide by 2022.
A bus driver has been found guilty of attempting to defraud motorists out of more than £160,000.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning during his wedding ceremony.
Children who play with touchscreens in the hours before bedtime are less likely to sleep than those who do not, a study suggests.
Harlequins have signed fly-half Laurence Pope on a deal until the end of the 2017-18 season, along with back-row pair Liam May and Jack Moyle.
Two teenagers have been killed in a two-car crash in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are to be required to stream their public meetings online under proposals being considered by the Welsh Government.
Alex Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps kept alive their hopes of a top-four finish in the Pro12 with victory over Bath.
It's Safer Internet Day and we wanted to speak to Nikki about how to stay safe online.
Footballer Paul Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with driving while a baby was in the arms of a passenger.
Somalia's government has released a video purportedly showing a flight from Dubai to Djibouti being bombed by al-Shabab militants.
Mauricio Macri, the outgoing mayor of Buenos Aires and soon-to-be president of Argentina, delivered an impressive speech on Sunday night.
The mother of a man who was stabbed 39 times in a "ferocious" attack has told a court she feared her son had been involved.
Investors in a Grade II listed pier damaged by fire will be able to buy shares worth more than £300,000, it has been announced.
Microsoft has admitted it searched the accounts of a blogger who posted screenshots of the unreleased Windows 8 operating system.
Train operator Arriva Trains Wales has told Network Rail it would take 28 years to get the Welsh network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in County Antrim.
South Africa's top university has voted overwhelmingly to remove a statue of the late colonial ruler Cecil Rhodes.
Newport County director of rugby Gareth Davies says the club's owner Graham Westley should focus on the state of Rodney Parade.
A record 66.6% of pupils in Wales achieved A* to A grades in the GCSE exams, the latest results show.
East Midlands Airport is one of the busiest airports in the UK.
British fugitives are being hunted by police in Spain as part of an international hunt.
British number one Andy Murray has apologised to Andy Murray after the Scot was caught on camera swearing at him at the Australian Open.
The States of Jersey is warning people not to disturb coral reefs in the Channel Islands.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been put on hold.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts following his release by Cambridge United.
A body has been recovered from a river in Cumbria, police have said.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after he was attacked by his family's dog in Newcastle.
A man accused of stealing cash and a pellet gun after his dog chewed at his ankle tag has had his bail refused.
Sir Vince Cable has welcomed the government's offer to buy Tata Steel in a management buyout.
A horse-riding man who was refused McDonald's drive-thru service has said he will be "going nowhere" until the dispute is resolved.
Gary Neville missed the chance to become Valencia's all-time leading goalscorer as Jony Sanabria's first-half goal gave the Valencia side victory at Vicente Calderon.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of an environmentalist in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat, low-carb diet can help people lose weight, according to researchers at the University of Oxford.
Safety concerns have been raised at an overcrowded and understaffed prison.
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in Great Britain's 4x400m relay team for next month's European Championships.
Ed Miliband has been accused of putting the future of Wales' NHS at risk by Labour.
Some health boards in Scotland spend more than £5,000 a day on meals and snacks, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in revenues and profits for the three months to 26 December.
A court in London has begun hearing evidence in the trial of London trader David Sarao, accused of causing a stock market "flash crash".
Great Britain have reached the semi-finals of the men's singles at Wimbledon for the first time in their history.
Australia's foreign ministry has asked Sydney International Airport to investigate the security screening of Foreign Minister Julie Bishop.
A man has been taken to hospital following an explosion at an industrial estate in Londonderry.
The former chief constable of three police forces lied about his qualifications and made judgements in hundreds of cases, watchdog reports have concluded.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Jofra van der Nerwe on a two-year deal following his release by Taunton.
Firefighters in the US state of California are continuing to battle a massive forest fire that has forced hundreds of people to flee their homes.
Oil and gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has secured a £2.5m investment to expand its operations in Edinburgh.
The Bank of Scotland is to introduce a new £5 note in October.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich Town.
When Kailash Chand announced that she was going to compete for India at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in August 2014, she was already one of the biggest names in Indian athletics.
Irish police have made a "significant" seizure of cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £500,000.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of a "crazy attempt to create conditions" for its relations with Israel.
A petition calling for Cardiff Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales is to be considered by the assembly.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a field in Hampshire.
Brian Cookson says British Cycling was "closely involved" in ensuring the welfare of its athletes during his time as president of the UCI.
You can send in your questions for BBC Scotland's election debate on Wednesday, 7 May at 10:00 BST.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused British politicians of "bias, prejudices and attacks" during a speech in the City of London.
Weddings and funeral fees in the Church of England are to be waived in cases of hardship.
Relatives of two soldiers who died in World War One have been reunited with their loved ones at their gravesite.
Mae gwasanaeth iechyd yn Nenmarc wedi cael ei wella cyfeirio'r claf at ganolfan ddiagnostig yng Nghymru.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau ddydd Iau.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will sell land at 13 military sites in England and Wales to build new homes.
Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Wycombe Wanderers.
Dawid Malan scored a career-best 46 on his T20 Blast debut as England beat South Africa by six wickets in the final match at Taunton.
The owners of an abandoned chameleon which had to be put down after its legs were broken in Caerphilly county are being urged to take care of the animal.
The campsite layout for this year's T in the Park music festival has been overhauled in a bid to attract more than 80,000 people.
The search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 continues after China's Haixan 01 detected an acoustic signal in the southern part of the search zone.
Whether you're suffering from depression, anxiety or depression, you're likely to be suffering from a variety of conditions.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
Tributes have been paid to a 42-year-old man who died in a car crash in Tayside.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Chelsea striker Michael Vaughan for an undisclosed fee.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
A football club with roots in Milton Keynes is set to get its own movie.
Twenty years ago this month, India hosted the inaugural World Cup, which was held in the Indian city of Bangalore.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed "good character" after coming back from 1-0 down to beat Aston Villa.
Mick Fanning has been knocked out of the World Surf League Pipeline Masters after the death of his brother, Peter.
Germany's Dylan Groenewegen won the second stage of the Tour de Yorkshire on Saturday.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in the European Union.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun after police were called to a block of flats in west London.
At Fifa's annual congress in Zurich this week, delegates from the Palestinian Football Association (PFA) and the Israeli Football Federation (RFF) have been discussing their grievances against the organisation.
Plans to redevelop Euston railway station into a V-shaped section of HS2 have been rejected by an MP.
Plans for more than 1,000 student 'beds' in Belfast have been submitted to the city council.
The UK film industry spent an all-time high on film production in 2014, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
Pupils are being invited to play original pieces of classical music for the first time at this year's BBC Proms.
Bryan Mitchell-Blake became the first British man to run under 20 seconds at an American athletics championships.
Guinea's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup suffered a blow as they lost 1-0 to Argentina on Tuesday.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of knifepoint robberies across Birmingham have been jailed.
Dundee United's chief executive has confirmed that the club is planning to sell land near the city's Dens Park stadium.
Serena Williams became the oldest woman to win a Grand Slam title with victory over sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders has been named best TV drama at this year's Tric Awards.
Plans for major infrastructure projects in Glasgow and the Clyde Valley are to be discussed later as part of a multi-million pound funding package.
The Green Party in Wales has pledged to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
Plans are being drawn up to improve the view of a park on the M1 in Blaby after it was bought by Crown Estates.
Colin Coetzer believes Scotland's historic eight-wicket win over Afghanistan in the first of their three-match one-day series in Edinburgh is crucial.
A house once owned by The Beatles singer Ringo Starr has sold at auction for up to £250,000.
A World War One medal found in a field in Pembrokeshire has been presented to the family of a soldier who never knew it existed.
The family of a murdered man whose body parts were kept for 23 years have been told they have a "moral duty" not to contact them.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann has said he is "devastated" at the loss of his team-mate Ryan Murphy after he broke his leg in training.
Mainland Chinese shares fell for a third consecutive trading session on Wednesday as concerns over the health of the economy continued to linger.
Scott Williams' dual contract with the Welsh Rugby Union has been withdrawn.
A crane has been installed on the roof of a high-security prison in a bid to stop drugs being smuggled in.
The families of two motorcyclists killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
A group of ex-offenders in England and Wales have found a new way to help them find work.
Forensic experts in Mexico are preparing to exhumate the remains of more than 30,000 people who have gone missing in the state of Morelos.
Plants and animals are at greater risk of extinction because of climate change, a study suggests.
Plans to build a dual carriageway on the M4 motorway are not in accordance with the law, a public inquiry has heard.
(Close): The pound fell against other currencies after the Bank of England kept interest rates unchanged at 0.25%.
The chief inspector of social housing at Grenfell Tower has written to the prime minister asking him to set out the scope of his inquiry.
A German intelligence worker has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's adaptation of the children's novel Matilda is to go ahead despite the actress being unable to sing the rest of the show.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) has called on the Scottish government and the private parking industry to "clean up" the industry.
Labour has retained the seat of Bridgend North in the Welsh assembly election.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, according to official results.
Does the decision by Opec, the oil-producing group of Opec members, to limit the amount of crude oil they can pump into the market really surprise the market?
Argentina will not underestimate Diego Maradona in Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Switzerland, according to his team-mate Mehmedi.
David Cameron was on a walkabout in Swansea today.
No criminal proceedings will be taken against a man accused of sexually assaulting an 11-year-old girl at an Aberdeen air force base.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season, while midfielder Liam McAllister has signed a new one-year deal.
Officials in India have refused permission for a documentary about caste in the meat industry to be shown at the Tata Indian Film Festival.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found ancient flooring at the site of one of Judaism's holiest sites.
Salmon exports surged in the first half of the year, boosted by the fall in the pound after Brexit, according to industry figures.
Promotion-chasing Wycombe Wanderers will begin their defence of the Under-21 FA Cup at home to Scunthorpe United.
A County Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing more than £20,000 from a cancer charity.
Young people are more likely to fall victim to identity theft than older people, according to new research.
The death of an 80-year-old man in Edinburgh is being treated as murder following a post-mortem examination.
The number of people arrested as part of an investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland in 2013 has risen significantly, police have said.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to a series of cyber attacks on the parenting website Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her three children found dead in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on 7 May to choose their preferred party for next year's assembly election.
US rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of artifacts from the Battle of the Alamo to the city of San Antonio.
Struggling Wakefield thrashed Castleford in the Super League play-off semi-final at Twickenham.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United have "given themselves a chance" to avoid relegation.
A "huge" iguana has been perched on the top of a tree in Suffolk for three months.
It's one of the biggest music awards in the world, and it's taking place in London tonight.
One of the world's most powerful space telescopes has arrived at Astrium UK in Stevenage.
One of the world's biggest ride-sharing companies, Uber, has been accused of sexual harassment by one of its employees.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David de Gea to Real Madrid on time.
A ban on laptops, tablets and smartphones in cabin baggage on flights from the Middle East to the United States has come into effect.
Details of Belgium's prime minister, Charles Michel, and his official residence have been found on the doorstep of a chancellery next door to the US embassy in Brussels.
A Chinese fruit-seller has been beaten to death by the city's chengguan law enforcement force, state media report.
Dutch club Ajax Ladies have signed Netherlands international midfielder Middag on a two-year deal.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie says he is "all good" after being treated in hospital for an eye injury suffered in Saturday's game against Akhisar.
Danny Hylton grabbed a stoppage-time equaliser as League Two promotion hopefuls Luton were held to a draw by Exeter.
US rap star Kendrick Lamar has released a new album, titled Untitled Unmastered, in the run-up to the Grammy Awards.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to take part in this year's Winter Wonderland in Norway.
Manchester City Council's most senior staff have been given a pay rise of more than 20%.
Canadian MPs have voted to change the lyrics of the national anthem, O Canada.
A former US gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial accused of sexually abusing female patients in the 1990s.
The family of a suffragette jailed for plotting to murder the prime minister is to be honoured with a blue plaque in Derby.
Three people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Tofino, Canada, have been named.
South Korea's Lydia Ko became the youngest winner of a major when she won the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale.
Tottenham midfielder Asamoah Bentaleb has joined Bundesliga side Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death in front of their two young children has been jailed for life.
Tony Andreu missed the penalty as Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by 10-man Raith Rovers in the Scottish Championship.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of June, partly due to restructuring costs.
The owner of Argos, Homebase and Homebase, has reported a drop in sales as it continues to battle for control of the Argos chain.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why the Arab Spring failed.
As a backing singer for many of the biggest names in the music industry, Jessica Hill is no stranger to the spotlight.
Thousands of people have taken part in a cycling festival in Bristol.
An 80-year-old woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has been stabbed to death at her office.
A man has been jailed for four-and-a-half years after a police officer was seriously injured when he was hit by a stolen car.
A man has died after getting into difficulty on the Isle of Wight.
The sister of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend has told a court she feared he was stalking her.
A collection of vintage prams from a Nottinghamshire family business has sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset sealed their place in the One-Day Cup final with victory over Gloucestershire at Edgbaston.
A five-year-old boy has become the youngest person to be investigated for sexting.
A man has been jailed for five years after he admitted making bomb threats to Bristol Airport.
England set up a four-day final against Australia at The Oval to secure a record-breaking 404-run victory.
Super League side Newcastle Giants have extended the contract of back-rower Taniela Ta'ai for another two years.
Lenovo and Acer have announced bigger battery packs for their latest smartphones.
Processed red meat has been classified as carcinogenic by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Train conductors on Southern rail are to stage two days of strike action in a row over pay and conditions.
A dissident republican paramilitary group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer John Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed the UK's proposal to give EU migrants living in the UK full rights to stay in the country.
South Korea's Kim Sung-yueng carded a one-under-par 65 to win the LPGA Women's British Open by one shot from American Charley Hull.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against an Italian gay rights group after posting a photo of a transgender teenager on a leaflet in her school.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has become the first woman to win three Olympic sport climbing titles.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest dairy food company, has agreed to sell its dairies business to a German firm.
UK consumers are "skinting", according to payments processor Visa.
A disabled motorcyclist who was trapped in a train door has spoken of his ordeal.
A fountain that celebrates the Queen's accession to the throne is being supplied with water from a lake in a Gwynedd town.
Astronaut Tim Peake is set to get a lift-off from the International Space Station on Tuesday.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found with gunshot wounds in Lincolnshire.
Ferrari's Fernando Alonso held off Sebastian Vettel's Ferrari challenge to win the Hungarian Grand Prix.
The death toll from torrential rain in Japan has risen to 23, officials say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Hathaway looks at the growing use of tablet devices to keep viewers engaged.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage players Callum Waddington and Callum Davies.
More than 1,800 seal pups are expected to be born at a Norfolk nature reserve this winter.
The population of one of the world's rarest animals - the Hainan gibbon - began to decline more than 100 years ago, new research suggests.
MPs have rejected a bid by the SNP and Plaid Cymru to delay the rise in the main rate of VAT.
The threat to Wales' economy is "far deeper than steel", Plaid Cymru has said.
The Abu Dhabi United Group is to invest £1bn in the eastern edge of Manchester city centre, the city council has announced.
Liverpool's Champions League last-16 tie against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday is one of the biggest games of the season so far.
Katie Waters won the British Squash Championship for the second year in a row in Sheffield.
Jeremy Corbyn has always been one of a kind.
The studio behind Disney's latest animated film, Frozen, is to release a sequel, the studio has announced.
Wembley Stadium is set to host the Women's FA Cup final for the first time, with the capacity set to rise to 32,912.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's rocket launch on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with victory over Bolton.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit an unbeaten century to help his side take control against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the 200m at the Great North City Games in Newcastle to finish the season on a high.
The family of a woman killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to their "kind, caring, adorable and loving mum".
Dog poo has been on the rise across the UK in recent years - but what do you do about it?
Chelsea captain John Terry has been given a two-match touchline ban after being sent off in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Manchester United.
Four members of an international organised crime gang have been found guilty of carrying out a series of high-value jewellery and artefacts thefts.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers what's going on in Kenya, Tanzania and Burundi.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most powerful organisations.
An Everton fan has raised more than £50,000 for a hospice after swimming the English Channel.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side's FA Cup semi-final defeat by Arsenal showed they have a "losing mentality".
Glasgow head coach Gregor Townsend says his side are "really disappointed" after losing the 1872 Cup semi-final to Edinburgh.
One of the oldest shipyards in the world, Govan Shipbuilders, is celebrating its 70th anniversary.
A "jealous" ex-boyfriend threatened to kill his girlfriend if he carried out a "revenge porn" attack, a court has heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane has a "weakness" in his game despite scoring two goals in Saturday's north London derby, according to former England striker Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray fought back to beat Canada's Vasek Pospisil 6-3 6-2 and reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
The designer of Etch A Sketch, one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died at the age of 87.
The government plans to sell off its stake in the UK's first green investment bank.
A solar-powered phone box has been unveiled in central London.
Samsung has pulled the plug on a battery-related recall of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing boys.
The US space agency, Nasa, has released the final picture of its Curiosity rover on Mars.
A Labour MP has criticised a health board for not releasing the full report of an investigation into the death of her husband.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
Children are being taught in "unhygienic and filthy accommodation" as part of an Ofsted investigation into illegal schools in England.
Aberdeen City Council has voted in favour of the Granite Web design for the city's City Garden Project.
One of Scotland's most decorated submariners is to be honoured with a plaque at his home in Dumfries and Galloway.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi has rejected a request by prosecutors to drop tax fraud charges against him.
Rangers have been drawn at home to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
Hospitals in Cheshire and Merseyside could be forced to cut gluten-free prescriptions in a bid to save money.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would personally serve under Donald Trump if asked by the US president-elect.
"I don't have time to go to temples," says Shanshan Hsiao, one of Taiwan's leading Buddhists.
A garden has opened at the Noah's Ark children's hospital in Carmarthenshire.
Nearly half of new mothers who breastfeed their newborns do so because they do not have enough milk to do so, a survey has found.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle her two young children into Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State.
The European Union has agreed to set up a common list of tax havens in response to the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic have completed the signing of Nigeria defender Patrick Ambrose on loan until the end of the season.
Arctic terns have been attacked by walkers with sticks and stones on the Isle of Wight.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Monday, boosted by a rise in Bank of America shares.
Sir Philip Green says he is in a "very strong dialogue" with the pensions regulator to find a solution to the BHS pension crisis.
Scotland second row Leone Nakawara will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the Pro12 season to join Edinburgh.
Gloucestershire off-spinner Axar Patel has signed a one-year contract extension with the county.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is expected to rise by two thirds in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders has written to the prime minister urging him to reopen the defence review into the evacuation of civilians from Libya.
Scientists in the US say they have found an area in the Indian Ocean they want to explore.
Researchers in the US say they have found that some people prefer quiet, solo thinking to be unpleasant.
A 13-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Kent.
A murder investigation is under way after a man was stabbed to death and another seriously injured in Nottingham.
A species of spider that uses silk to control its movements has been discovered by Taiwanese scientists.
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of Tom Horstmann, Joe Salvi and Ross Atkins.
Leyton Orient head coach Russell Slade says he will be "delighted" by the club's takeover by Francesco Becchetti.
It's that time of year again - the summer transfer window has officially opened.
Power-sharing in Northern Ireland makes the front page of Monday's News Letter.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's biggest pizza chain, has reported an increase in pre-tax profits in 2015, helped by a rise in e-commerce sales.
National League side Leyton Orient have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder James Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
Tunisian security forces have killed at least 19 people in an attack on the Bardo museum in the capital Tunis, officials say.
Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy has called for an independent investigation into the party's leadership in Northern Ireland.
When President Barack Obama arrived at the African Union (AU) in Nairobi on Wednesday, he was greeted with a loud cheer.
Former Northern Ireland road racing champion David Farquhar is in a stable condition in hospital following a crash at the North West 200.
More needs to be done to protect children from trespassing on railway tracks, Network Rail Wales has said.
Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help" as he continues to deal with back pain and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities in Syria's second city, Aleppo, has officially begun.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have been drawn against each other in the draw for the Europa League last 32.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house, causing cladding and a skirting board to catch light.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, French President Francois Hollande has become embroiled in a bitter row over who should be stripped of their French nationality.
The Green Party in England and Wales has announced plans to abolish a VAT on sanitary products in the wake of a row over the issue.
A cash machine has been blown up during an attempted robbery in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op Insurance has said it is "very disappointing" that it has missed a deadline to provide drivers with no claims bonus insurance.
Prosecutors in South Africa have been granted permission to appeal against the acquittal of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius of premeditated murder.
The Russian foreign minister says the US has "more and more reasons to believe" that it is not able or not willing to change President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry to raise money for cancer research.
China's government has removed a controversial documentary about air pollution that was praised by the country's newly appointed environmental protection minister.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital following an armed robbery at a house in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard rescued a point for Dagenham as they beat Bromley in the National League.
The number of children being sexually exploited in England and Wales is likely to be much higher than previously thought, says a report.
Glasgow-based distiller Edrington has appointed Crawford Gillies as its new chairman.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by gains in the pound.
The Afghan Taliban have released what appears to be an audio message from their new leader.
Worcestershire opened their County Championship Division Two campaign with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
A lollipop driver has told a court he is "truly sorry" for causing the death of a schoolgirl by dangerous driving.
Midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Tributes have been paid to a "brilliant son and brother" missing from a triathlon event.
Barcelona say they have made a tax payment of 13,550,830.56 euros for the signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's top investor in clean energy, according to new data.
A temporary footbridge is expected to be installed in a North Yorkshire town after the government offered £300,000 towards the cost of repairs.
A football club has returned to its home town for the first time in more than a decade.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 friction lock batons disguised as stun guns from China.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has announced that he will step down at the end of the year.
A man is in a stable condition in hospital after being found lying on the ground in West Lothian.
One of Ireland's best-known TV presenters has become the subject of a social media storm following comments about his tanning tips.
Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson has come under intense scrutiny in recent days over his alleged childhood indiscretions.
Nigeria's Fifa president Issa Adamu is being investigated by the country's sports ethics committee, the BBC understands.
African art is one of the fastest growing sectors in South Africa's economy.
Astronomers have made some of the most detailed maps yet of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament is debating a bill that would criminalise people who use social media to spread false stories.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho "made a mistake" by using abusive language towards club physio Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's government has offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of the leaders of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
Meet George the dog, he's one of London's best-loved pets.
An Italian coast guard speedboat has carried out nine rescue operations off the coast of Libya after an attack by armed men on a migrant dinghy, a German charity says.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed while on patrol in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The SNP spent more than £9m on its general election campaign than any other party, the Electoral Commission has said.
Haven Haven have appointed former St Helens and Castleford full-back Tom Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
US President-elect Donald Trump's proposed cuts to foreign aid and humanitarian aid are a "disaster", a top Republican senator has warned.
Have you ever seen a lake of "harmful snowy froth" in Bangalore?
Two people have been arrested in connection with the death of a pensioner in Vale of Glamorgan.
Organisers of the World Para Athletics Championships in London have unveiled a new design featuring the reverse of each medal.
A ban on the production, sale and supply of so-called legal highs in England and Wales has led to the seizure of nearly 14,000 illegal drugs.
Astronomers from around the world have been taking part in this year's International Photographic Competition.
One of the biggest markets in the world, Nasdaq, has been hit by a technical glitch.
An Edinburgh commuter has been jailed for 18 months for photographing women using his mobile phone under the skirt of a fellow commuter.
International efforts are under way to bring an end to the use of some of the world's most destructive greenhouse gases.
Telecoms giant EE has tested a network of "drone-based" internet balloons in rural areas in the UK.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England is "one of the toughest Test matches I've been involved in".
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to a London mayoral candidate for suggesting he supports so-called Islamic State.
Plans for a wind farm on Skye have been approved by councillors.
The government says it is "confident" it will win the backing of the devolved administrations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in its Brexit bill.
Taxi-hailing firm Uber has said it is losing $1bn (Â£770m) a year in China.
Families whose children went to a children's day camp have been told they will be able to claim refunds from the company.
Amateur boxer Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at 160lb after beating Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man has died following a light aircraft crash at Dundonald Airfield.
Preston legend Sir Tom Finney has died at the age of 83 after a long illness, his former club Everton have announced.
Rotherham United have re-signed Netherlands international striker Gerhard Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's army has appointed a new head of the intelligence agency, the ISI.
An inquest into the death of a four-week-old baby boy at Huddersfield's Calderdale Birthing Centre has concluded there were four missed chances to provide medical input.
Regulators have called on the government to "electrify" the ring-fence of its proposed banking reforms, saying they fall well short of what is required.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A British tourist has died while snorkelling on a reef in Australia.
The venom of venomous funnel web spiders has been recreated in the laboratory by Australian researchers.
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) and the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) have been asked for a revised business case for a joint training college.
A 70-year-old man has been airlifted to hospital following a mountain rescue in Denbighshire.
A group of blind and partially sighted cricketers gather at a stadium in Berbice in the north-west of the country.
When Jack Johnson was diagnosed with a rare form of motor neurone disease at the age of five, his parents knew they would never know what was going on.
A woman jailed in Dumfries and Galloway for stealing more than £100,000 from an elderly man is to appeal against her conviction.
American swimmer Ryan Lochte has pulled out of an endorsement deal with the fast-food brand Speedo.
Hampshire sealed their place in the One-Day Cup semi-finals with victory over Durham at Chester-le-Street.
Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to strengthen their squad ahead of the new season.
Belfast Harbour has unveiled plans for one of the largest office buildings in Northern Ireland.
Four-year-old Claire is hoping to become the first person in the world to walk the London Marathon unaided.
Sheriff's office in the US state of California has criticised "serious systemic deficiencies" in the prison system, including overcrowding and overcrowding.
One of the world's first fruit trees has been successfully grown in South Yorkshire.
Dennis Nalbandian may not have won Wimbledon, but he's still got plenty to live up to.
Chris Froome's team-mates Luke Rowe and Tom Brailsford were "incredible" to win the Tour de France.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered the world's oldest fruit - the papery berry.
Alan Canning believes new Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha's style of play will be different to those of his previous clubs.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has carried out the first test flight of Europe's next-generation spacecraft.
Plans for a new secondary school in Dumfries and Galloway have been put back by a month.
Former Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a confidential list of HSBC bank account holders.
An NHS hospital has been criticised for using a "gold plated" blackout blind as an insurance cover after a patient complained it was "too expensive".
Russian anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been jailed for seven years for raping a pensioner at her south London home.
Fertility charity Infertility Network UK has called for the number of IVF cycles available in Scotland to be cut.
Hospitals in England and Wales are failing to meet the four-hour A&E waiting time target due to "insufficient capacity and capability".
Trams have been tested in central Manchester for the first time as part of an expansion of the city centre.
Mylan, the world's biggest maker of allergy medication EpiPen, is launching a generic version of the treatment in the US.
Kell Brook has been ruled out of Saturday's WBC welterweight title rematch with Gennady Golovkin after suffering an eye injury in their fight.
Birmingham City Council has announced it will pull out of next month's Great British Run.
Crystal Palace striker Michail Antonio Bolasie has signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Environment Secretary Michael Gove has said the UK will not receive preferential access to UK fisheries after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has been placed on a ventilator.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
Saturday's League One match between Barnsley and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested following an explosion at a Tesco supermarket.
Detectives investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in Edinburgh are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
The chief constable of Humberside Police has written to head teachers asking them to allow their children to attend school.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has insisted he will not "negotiate" with the Scottish Nationalists if he becomes prime minister.
American football has become one of the most popular sports in the world, with teams from all over the world taking part in a variety of competitions.
A man has been jailed for the murder of his six-year-old daughter, who was taken from him by her abusive grandfather.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat 10-man Taunton and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan have signed South African batsman Colin Ingram from Adelaide Strikers for the 2017 Big Bash competition.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) should consider moving work or jobs out of Newport, a union has said.
At a rehabilitation centre in the Iraqi city of Sinjar, near the city of Mosul, a group of young Yazidi women were being treated for the effects of the so-called Islamic State (IS) attack two years ago.
Michael Clarke marked his return from injury with a century on the opening day of the first Test against South Africa after the death of Hughes.
Bristol railway station has temporarily closed to the public for 24 hours to improve access for the disabled.
Ukraine's postal service, Ukrposhta, has been hit by a series of cyber attacks.
Oscar-winning actor John McCowen, best known for his role as Q in Sean Connery's 1962 film Thunderball, has died at the age of 89.
Francesco Totti has signed a two-year contract extension with Roma.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa won the third one-day international by eight wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
A poll by the Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has suggested that a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union will have little impact on the business community.
A double-decker bus has caught fire in Bishopsgate in east London.
Morrisons has become the first UK supermarket to raise the wholesale price of Marmite.
One of Scotland's most iconic buildings is to be built on the opposite side of Glasgow School of Art.
Labour's shadow foreign secretary Owen Smith has urged the UK to respect the will of the people of Scotland.
Kumar Sangakkara became Sri Lanka's all-time leading Test run-scorer on Sunday.
High winds and heavy rain have been battering parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has said it will not raise the milk intervention price for Northern Ireland's dairy industry.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was disappointed with his side's performance in their 1-1 draw with Hearts at Ibrox.
A Japanese otter is to be reintroduced to Scotland as part of efforts to save it from extinction.
When I arrived in the capital, Bangkok, I had no idea what to expect.
UKIP has apologised after one of its candidates made a "disgusting and deeply offensive" comment about the NHS.
Barcelona forward Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season.
SpaceX, the company that owns the Falcon rocket, has carried out a routine test of the vehicle.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, as far as possible.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra made his first Championship century of the season to earn a draw against Hampshire at Edgbaston.
People living outside Wales could not stand as an assembly election candidate unless they are registered as "living in Wales".
If the Tories win the general election, they will have plenty of blanks to fill in.
Former Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is set to leave the team at the end of the season.
A knife has gone missing from a prison in Northumberland.
Tributes have been paid to a 91-year-old motorcyclist who was killed in a crash while attempting to set a new national record.
The brother of a British man who went missing in Thailand has launched a social media campaign to find him.
Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies have announced they are changing their name.
A man whose body was found in woodland in Surrey has been named by police.
The death of a British teacher in China was caused by carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
MPs have voted to back the Conservatives' plan to allow future governments to run an absolute budget surplus when the economy is growing.
The world's oldest carnival is to return to Leeds for the first time in more than 50 years.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says it is "nice to feel like a football player again" following his return from injury.
A 19-year-old Pakistani man has been charged with conspiring to kill Americans and to carry out attacks against the US military.
Brighton came from 2-0 down to beat Ipswich and move to within three points of the Championship play-off places.
A cash machine and a van have been stolen during a raid on a shop in Kent.
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea said she "will never be forgotten".
Ski Scotland has said it is "hopeful" that the Scottish Highlands is heading for a "great season".
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has told him he is getting a letter of support from the republican people.
Do you want to house a Cretaceous reptile in an indoor space?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of its links to the IRA.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who was trying to groom other underage girls, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a two-year contract extension with the Super League club.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a parade through Donegal to mark the Twelfth of July celebrations.
What do you want to know about each party's manifestos for Wales?
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the Championship club are "a little bit short".
Blackpool were held to a draw at home by 10-man Colchester in League Two.
China is "committing to do something about it", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Tributes have been paid to a police community support officer who died following a short illness.
More people in Wales have access to high-speed internet than anywhere else in the UK, according to a report from communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel's Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire has been put up for sale.
People are being invited to give their views on plans for a travellers' site in Powys.
Repairs to a church spire damaged by woodpeckers have been completed.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has called the number on his phone in an apparent bid to boost his poll numbers.
President Barack Obama has hailed the "historic" opening of health insurance exchanges in the US as an "unprecedented opportunity" for millions of Americans who lack healthcare.
A security alert at a business premises in Londonderry has ended.
The US safety regulator has unveiled new guidelines that would require cars to limit the use of "distractions" when driving.
A delegation from Northern Ireland, South Africa and South Africa has arrived in Colombia for the first time since the start of official peace talks.
A 70-year-old man has been airlifted to hospital after becoming stuck in a fence in Coventry.
Sam Lyth hit a career-best century as Yorkshire dominated day two of their County Championship Division One match against Surrey.
A man has been fined Â£2,500 for causing the evacuation of a block of flats in south-west London.
Channel 5 boss Ken Morley is facing fresh complaints over comments he made on social media.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix to a burst water main could take up to 18 months to complete.
A woman in her 70s has been robbed at knifepoint at a shop in Lisburn, County Antrim.
Sinn Féin MLA Michael Eastwood is to challenge SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
An East Lothian town has won the coveted Carbuncle award at the Scottish Design Awards.
Cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £1m has been seized during the TT races in County Antrim.
Welsh Labour only gets to be the natural party of Wales if it consistently re-invigorate itself, a former shadow minister has said.
Former world number one Annika Sorenstam is confident that Hull can become a top-10 golfer in the world.
An investment in the company behind a tracking device that helps people find lost personal items has failed, BBC Scotland has learned.
Bangladesh has restored electricity supplies to more than half of the country which was hit by a power cut on Saturday.
The culture minister, Carál Ní Chuilín, has ordered a full audit of Sport NI.
NHS England is to introduce a "fast-track" way to pay for innovative cancer drugs, as part of a major shake-up of funding.
A pub publican who stabbed a gay man with a steak knife has been jailed for eight years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who are thought to have fled to Syria are "distraught", their lawyer has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged by the Football Association over his behaviour during Sunday's 2-2 draw with Burnley.
Two antique cups and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a stately home.
The owners of a private hospital with learning disabilities "failed to provide adequate care", a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has announced his retirement from first-class cricket at the age of 27.
Raffaele Sollecito has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for the 2007 murder of US student Amanda Kercher.
Defending champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "scarred for a while" after suffering a major setback in the final round of the Masters.
A British sprinter has accused athletics' governing body of being "fishy" after he was barred from competing at the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak.
Danny Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Bournemouth for the first time this season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ian Paisley takes a look at the life of former First Minister Lord Bannside.
League Two side Luton Town have re-signed Hibernian centre-back Scott Brown on loan until the end of the season.
Belgian police say they have arrested six people in connection with the Paris attacks.
Theresa May has met victims of the Grenfell Tower fire at St Clement's Cathedral in west London, amid calls for more to be done.
Leigh Centurions have completed the signing of Salford Red Devils half-back Michael Chase on a two-year contract, subject to a medical.
Loganair will continue to operate a direct flight between Dundee and London Stansted for another two years, it has been announced.
Mining giant Anglo American has announced plans to cut up to 85,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
French cyclist Jean-Claude Demoitie died after being hit by a motorbike during Sunday's Tour de France.
Ulster fly-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
The US space agency (Nasa) has sent back a small amount of dust from the asteroid Bennu.
A Cambridge University professor has been ordered by a High Court judge to return her two-year-old son to Japan.
Five people have been taken to hospital following a car crash on a promenade.
At least four bodies have been found in a field in Nairobi, police say.
A cyclone has killed at least nine people in Vanuatu, the largest island in South America.
The number of Syrian refugees coming to the UK is "much the same as it's been over the last few months", the government's refugee minister Danny Harrington has said.
A "grave misgivings" have been raised about the cost of charging indigent criminals to plead guilty, MPs have said.
Asda, the supermarket chain, has admitted that two security flaws in its website pose a "low risk" to customers.
A drug-smuggling pilot has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man by setting light to a derelict church building.
Hosts Brazil have been knocked out of the Olympic football tournament after losing 2-1 to Mexico at Wembley.
A 12-sided version of the Royal Mint's £1 coin is to go into circulation later this month.
Andy Murray's former coach Tomas Lendl says he is considering returning to tennis coaching.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her outside a nightclub in Edinburgh.
Former West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager.
It's not every day you get a chance to meet the family of one of Wales' most successful sportsmen.
Human rights lawyer George Clooney has accused Islamic State (IS) of committing genocide in Iraq and Syria.
An academy chain has announced plans to merge its two campuses with Ryde Academy, which is struggling to pay its teachers.
Six people have been charged in connection with an attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has defended his decision to allow cabinet ministers to campaign for the UK to remain in the European Union.
A US appeals court has ruled that Brendan Dassey, star of the Netflix documentary Making a Murderer, can be freed from prison within 90 days.
Cyber-security researchers are scrapping a plan to sell vulnerabilities to a group of hackers that sells them for free.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
It would have been "rash and dangerous" to press ahead with plans to force all schools in England to become academies, according to new analysis.
Eleven missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, the BBC has announced.
Aberdeen-based logistics group Menzies Group has lowered its full-year profit outlook after service levels at London Gatwick were restored.
Boris Johnson's planned visit to Moscow this week has been called off because of a "fundamental misunderstanding" of the situation in Syria.
An anti-child abuse poster by a Durham police force has gone viral on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation that Lord Janner sexually abused children in the 1970s and 1980s.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to merge with the Women's Super League side at the end of the season.
Northern Ireland is in a global race for investment and jobs, Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Taylor Swift has become the first person in the world to announce that she is planning to marry a same-sex partner.
England wrapped up their Women's Six Nations title with a thumping victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
Taking a drug to prevent the loosening of the bone around a replacement joint could cut the number of knee and hip replacements in the UK, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for the murders of six babies, including one stillborn.
The "Trojan Horse" scandal is still a "tip of the iceberg", a head teachers' leader has warned.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons came from behind to beat Bristol Rovers in League One.
Protests have broken out in the Philippines against the development of genetically modified rice.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has turned down a move to Manchester City and joined Manchester City.
The A&E department at a Middlesex hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission following a series of serious incidents in the past year.
Education Secretary John Swinney is due to give evidence to an independent review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
It was not long ago that Paul Ryan found himself on the verge of becoming a "big time gangster drug dealer".
Oxford University in the Pakistani city of Lahore has launched an undergraduate degree in Urdu.
Russia says Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in a "criminal business" linked to so-called Islamic State (IS).
Thousands of Download fans have been posing for selfies with armed police at the festival.
No serious negotiations will take place in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU, the European Council president has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to December.
Chinese police say they have seized more than 1,000 bottles of alcohol and a powder believed to be linked to the 2008 tainted milk scandal.
Banes in Bath and North East Somerset are expected to be cleared by the end of the week following a pay dispute.
Email addresses, phone numbers and other personal details have been stolen in an attack on TalkTalk's website, the telecoms firm has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead heading into the third round of the PGA Championship.
The world's fastest production car has set a new speed record in Switzerland.
A British soldier has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Uganda.
Scarlets scrum-half James McCall says he would be "devastated" if his team-mate James Skelton threw a punch at Saracens' James Davies.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos says he's been able to track down one of the lost F-1 engines.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to descend on Hong Kong this weekend for this year's Asian Ice Festival.
DJs The Busy Twist and Ollie Williams have teamed up to record a dance track in Ghana's capital, Accra.
Hundreds of Leicester City fans had to wait up to 20 minutes to get a ticket for their side's Champions League last-16 tie against Tottenham.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after disappointing jobs figures from the US Department of Labor.
Kevin Pietersen is set to miss England's final Test against South Africa at Lord's next week.
Scientists say they now have a complete view of breast cancer.
A study into the link between chronic pain and depression has been published.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the second time in three seasons.
Workers at London Metropolitan University have voted to take industrial action in a row over job losses.
Dundee United maintained their unbeaten start to the Scottish League Two season with a comfortable win over Raith Rovers.
Glamorgan made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with an eight-wicket win over Kent at Canterbury.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two girls who were hit by a car being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died when her lifejacket caught on a buoyancy aid have set up a safety code.
Aston Villa striker Idrissa Gueye is set to leave the Championship club at the end of the season after activating the departure clause in his contract.
Nigeria have been shortlisted for this year's African Footballer of the Year awards.
One person has died and another has been seriously injured in a collision between a car and a bus in Bath.
Olympic silver medallist Stephen Pollock has won the Welsh Half Marathon Championships in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called on the government to open dialogue with opposition leaders.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after students were told to study the Middle East in Arabic.
Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff has been described as an "inspiration" by his family.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the semi-finals of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells.
A new national flag has been unveiled in Londonderry to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Kris Meeke secured his second World Rally Championship victory of the season by winning the penultimate stage in Sweden.
The chief executive of China's biggest search engine, Baidu, has been arrested on suspicion of driving a self-driving car.
Brian Matthew, one of the BBC's longest-serving presenters, has died aged 91.
Joe Charnley is relishing the challenge of playing in rugby union.
Israel's new deputy police commissioner has been sworn in.
As Theresa May prepares to be sworn in as prime minister of the United Kingdom on 8 June, BBC News takes a look at some voters in Consett, County Durham.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias is expected to make a "full recovery" after breaking his fingers during a concert in the US.
There is "real scope" for de-criminalising cannabis in Northern Ireland, a former police officer has said.
Johnny Sexton and Owen Farrell will start for the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against Maori on Monday.
Deaf people are being discriminated against because they do not declare they are deaf on their CV, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a shopping centre in Liverpool.
US superhero Wonder Woman has been named as the new secretary general of the United Nations.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is not to blame for the death of a Royal Marine who fell into the sea off the coast of Spain, a High Court judge has ruled.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after a meeting with the president-elect.
It has been an eventful start to the European Championship in France.
The mother of a transgender woman jailed for sexually assaulting a fellow inmate has lodged an appeal against her sentence.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a sinking car in a lake in Hertfordshire.
Back in 1981 the BBC Micro Computer was one of the most popular computers in the UK.
League Two side Luton Town have re-signed Southend United striker Ryan Pigott on loan until the end of the season.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer David Thorne is to co-write a TV adaptation of Philip Dick's Electric Dreams, it has been announced.
A young girl has been shot dead in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A radio presenter has spoken of how "every day is hell" after a phone-in in which he told listeners he "felt so alone".
Plans to cut the number of midwives at an Oxford hospital's maternity unit have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
An 18th Century vein of Blue John has been discovered beneath a cliff in the Peak District.
Indian sprinter Manoj Singh says he has been targeted by the country's anti-doping agency.
More than two-thirds of primary and 69% of secondary schools in England are using tablet computers, according to a study.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast have begun a campaign to stop the university from investing in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Victor Camara will leave Derby County at the end of the season.
Pianist Jason Eska has won the 2015 Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect.
A 27-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in South Africa.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk should face criminal charges over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 other people, the government says.
Cardiff City have been declared "highly insolvent" following relegation from the Premier League.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Brighton.
An appeal has been launched to raise money for a sculpture commemorating Sheffield steelworkers who died in World War Two.
Hartlepool United youngster Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Scottish beaches have been rated as among the best in the country for water quality.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Mahony both suffered major injuries as Ireland produced a gutsy display to beat France and reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering his two-year-old son.
Mauritius Prime Minister Murali Vijay Jugnauth has announced he is stepping down.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden.
Nigeria international Victor Oshaniwa has signed for Scottish Premiership side Hearts for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of next month's US Open because of a "family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a former Middlesbrough footballer who was found dead at his home.
A group of speed bikers have taken to the streets of London to show off their speed bumps.
Marko Arnautovic scored a hat-trick as Stoke beat Aston Villa for the first time this season.
The BBC has been using the social media app WhatsApp every day since 2015 to bring you the latest news from around the world.
It has been an eventful year for the weather in the UK.
Manchester United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in nine years with a hard-fought victory over Cambridge United.
France has condemned Turkish air strikes on Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been airlifted to hospital following a fire at a flat in Londonderry.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough boss Graham Westley believes his players are suffering from a "hangover" following Tuesday's League One defeat by Barnsley.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) will not reopen shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed high levels of E.coli, the agency has confirmed.
The European Union has expressed concern that a new border between Georgia and South Ossetia has increased tensions between the two countries.
A minute's silence has been observed in Paris for the victims of the attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Ghana's World Health Organization (WHO) mission to fight the Ebola epidemic in West Africa has moved its headquarters to the capital, Accra.
Rescue workers in Nepal are continuing to search for survivors of Saturday's earthquake, which killed more than 6,000 people.
(Close): The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed lower as investors reacted to the US Supreme Court's decision on the Greek debt crisis.
BBC Sport will bring you live coverage of the 2017-18 FA Cup third round tie between Bridlington Town and AFC Wimbledon.
When I walked onto the pitch in Londonderry at the end of last month's Champions League semi-final against Barcelona I felt a bit embarrassed.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted in favour of removing four suspended lawmakers from their positions.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found abandoned on a motorway.
Having a university-educated parent has a greater influence on children's vocabulary than having a university educated parent, research suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Lee Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association.
For centuries the Church of England has been dominated by men.
The founder of the Greggs bakery chain was a "veneer of respectability" who sexually abused boys, a court has heard.
Northern Ireland's largest building materials group, Northstone Group, has reported a fall in annual turnover.
In the wake of last week's deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, private security companies have stepped up security.
The US says it has begun training Syrian rebels to fight against the Islamic State (IS) group.
French voters go to the polls on 8 May to choose their next president.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a former Dizzee Rascal DJ who was found dead at his home.
Family and friends of Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old gunman who killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as a "very bright boy".
Ireland women's hockey team reached the semi-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a 4-0 victory over Wales in Belfast.
A health trust has admitted failing to protect a patient who fell from a rooftop at a mental health unit.
Two men have been arrested during a police operation in Bedford.
There has been much debate about the impact of the Brexit vote on the UK economy.
Labour and Plaid Cymru have accused UKIP of "scarymongering" over immigration.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer in straight sets to win the Brisbane International.
Ten-man Mansfield came from behind to beat Morecambe 3-1 in League Two.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was attacked by two masked men outside his Kilmarnock home.
Andy Halliday "outshone" Scott Brown as Rangers manager, according to ex-Celtic captain Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County board chairman David Foxall says the club's decision to sack Graham Westley was based on the "overwhelming view" of the players.
The parents of a Scottish woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written an open letter to Mauritian authorities saying they are "humbled" by the support they have received.
More than two-thirds of people in the East of England are unable to name any of their local council representatives, according to new research.
The BBC's decision not to renew the contract of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been greeted by social media users across the world.
A primary school head teacher has been banned from teaching indefinitely after being found guilty of misconduct.
National League side Wrexham have signed former Wales international defender Chris Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular exercise in the 60s and 70s may help prevent memory loss in later life, a study suggests.
The Department of Health and Social Care has admitted a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a County Londonderry man who took his own life.
The mother of a British student stranded on Mount Everest has said her daughter was given a drink and a Snickers bar after she was told the embassy was closed.
British number one Andy Murray will begin the defence of his Wimbledon title against Naomi Broady in the first round of the Australian Open.
European politicians have called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
Three men have been jailed after being found guilty of trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK in a lorry.
The Haka, a traditional dance performed by the Maori people, is being performed by Prince Harry in New Zealand.
An "overwhelming tide" of unhealthy food promotions is affecting the health and diet of consumers in Scotland, according to a report.
Partick Thistle have confirmed that a former employee of the Scottish Premiership club was the subject of an allegation of sexual abuse.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and their shrubbery damaged in an alleged breach of planning laws.
China's Li-Ka Shing has agreed a deal to take over O2, the UK's biggest mobile phone network.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
Researchers at ETH Zurich in Switzerland have developed the world's first self-driving cars.
Two men have been jailed after being convicted of posing as emergency services cold callers to defraud businesses out of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help refugees resettled in Aberdeen.
As 2016 draws to a close, many business leaders are looking ahead to the next chapter in their careers.
Cornish Pirates props Alex Cheesman and Morgs Morgan have signed new contracts with the club.
Thousands of people have marched through the town of Stafford to call for the closure of emergency services.
A Pembrokeshire man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag in a bid to raise awareness of the condition.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Ron Chernow considers whether Robert E Lee should be removed from Washington Monument.
Plans to build a new tram line from Derby to Nottingham have been revealed as part of a devolution deal.
Newport Gwent Dragons shareholders have backed a £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
The Beltane Fire Festival has taken place in County Armagh.
Soldiers and their families have begun moving into a new home on the Isle of Wight.
Tesla's Autopilot driver-assistance system "did not perform as designed", a US regulator has said.
Uganda's government website has been taken over by hackers, the government says.
In Northern Ireland we are treated to the story of a man who was caught with offensive weapons on his way back from a holiday in Bulgaria.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a one-year contract extension which will keep him at Lord's until 2019.
An 86-year-old man was seriously injured when he was hit by a car in Oxford.
Saudi Arabia has accused the US of violating its sovereign immunity over the 9/11 attacks.
A decommissioned oil rig which ran aground on the Isle of Lewis last month is to be put on the deck of a ship.
Hundreds of people have protested in the Pakistani city of Lahore against the killing of a Christian couple accused of blasphemy.
Libya's rival parliaments have rejected a UN proposal to form a unity government in the east and west of the country, UN mediators say.
It's that time of year again when you're trying to decide whether or not you want to spend Christmas with your family.
A former American football player has been found hanged in his prison cell in the US state of Nebraska.
The number of police pursuit-related deaths in England and Wales has more than doubled in a year, according to the police watchdog.
Swiss sportswear giant Adidas has ended its sponsorship deal with the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
Ireland held on for a draw with the Netherlands in the Intercontinental Cup final in Dublin.
Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto has been shot dead by a man armed with a machete at his farm complex, police say.
Scientists have been sending a robotic submarine to an area of the Pacific Ocean they've never seen before.
A judge in the US state of Minnesota has ruled that genetic tests should be carried out on people who claim to be relatives of Prince.
The founder of Wings Over Scotland has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
The owners of West Ham, Daniel Sullivan and Gold, have confirmed that they are in talks to buy a controlling stake in the club.
Online search giant Google has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
The new owners of an engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they hope to increase the number of jobs it employs.
A woman accused of defrauding an 85-year-old woman out of more than £300,000 has told a court she would have "lost her friendship" with her.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county.
Amazon's new smart speaker, Google Home, is to go on sale in the UK this April.
The deportation of a Nigerian woman and her two daughters from Nigeria has been delayed, the BBC understands.
A senior member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UKIP) has been expelled from the party.
An Irish man has been shot dead in the Spanish island of Majorca.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that one of its giant pandas, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Ipswich boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over relegation-threatened Wigan.
Wigan Warriors player Ben Flower has been given a two-game ban for punching St Helens prop Lance Hohaia in the head during the Super League defeat at Old Trafford.
Hungary says it will offer buses to thousands of migrants stranded on the main motorway between Budapest and Vienna.
Chelsea could re-sign Victor Moses from Stoke City on a season-long loan, according to Blues boss Mark Hughes.
Coventry boosted their League One play-off hopes with victory over 10-man Millwall.
Scottish Conservatives have accused the Scottish government of trying to "fix" education spending in England.
An Angus man who was jailed for possessing indecent images of children has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Events have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers and the Denver Nuggets will play in the first regular-season game of the NBA season at London's O2 Arena.
Jimmy Hennessy was a father-of-four from Liverpool who travelled by car with his brother, Graeme, who also travelled by train.
Grimsby boosted their play-off hopes with victory over Mansfield at Blundell Park.
Somalia's new president, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo, has said that al-Shabab militants will be freed within 60 days.
Construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), according to a Sky report.
Dozens of domestic workers in Hong Kong have taken to the streets to protest against what they say is an "anti-immigrant government".
Eoin Morgan scored a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Walsall missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Former England Under-19s head coach Sean O'Driscoll has been appointed as Liverpool's new first-team manager.
President Donald Trump has temporarily banned people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States.
The police response to the riots in London and other parts of the UK could have been better, MPs have said.
Marketing on social media has become one of the hottest topics in the business world this year.
Millions of people in the UK are going to the polls to decide whether they want to stay a member of the European Union or leave.
The wife of a convicted drug trafficker has been jailed for trying to hide more than £200,000 hidden in their garden.
Japanese knotweed is one of the UK's most vexing problems.
The cost of renting beach huts in Poole will rise by more than 10% over the next five years, a council has said.
A large oil rig that ran aground off the coast of Norway on Tuesday has failed to reach BP's North Sea platform.
Easter eggs are one of the most popular holidays in the UK, with millions of visitors visiting shops across the country each year.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool city centre have been rejected.
US President Barack Obama has called for an independent inquiry into the bombing of a hospital run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF).
Two-time British Open champion Sarah-Jane Shuker won the mixed doubles title at London's O2 Arena.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's 60-year conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers at the DW Stadium.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Championship to five points with victory over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed defender Ryan Wilson on loan until the end of the season.
"Myanmar was the land of my forefathers," says Rangoon Sarlan.
More than 18% of people in relationships are living in "distressed" relationships, according to new research.
The Scottish government has been criticised for its "dramatic failure" to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology in the UK.
The European Space Agency (GSA) has launched its Galileo satellite navigation system.
The sister of a West Yorkshire schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has said it is "time this came to an end".
The PSNI has removed a Facebook post in which the name of a man who was shot in west Belfast has been linked to a list of people on social media.
Gillingham caretaker manager Peter Taylor says the majority of the club's supporters want him to leave the club.
Gareth Bale says Wales' Euro 2016 qualifying campaign would be an "amazing thing" if they beat Israel on Sunday.
Prime Minister Theresa May is learning the Chinese language at a school in London.
There is a "lot of scope for getting it wrong" with sepsis because the symptoms are not specific enough, an expert has warned.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derbyshire has been halted until a judicial review is carried out.
Plans for a new hospital in Somerset have been approved by the Somerset and Gloucestershire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust.
A group of Commonwealth business leaders have written to David Cameron calling for the UK to leave the European Union.
Green Party leader Yvette Cooper has said she is "very unlikely" to serve in a shadow cabinet under Jeremy Corbyn.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced by organisers.
People in the north east of Scotland have been reacting to the sight of lenticular clouds in the sky.
A statue of former Watford manager Paul Taylor is to be erected in his memory, the Premier League club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them a place in the Challenge Cup final against Exeter.
Goals from Omar Bogle and John Akinde earned Barnet a draw at Grimsby.
Sunderland have completed the signing of former Newell's striker Diego Scocco on a free transfer.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the implications of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Chennai has become the latest Indian city to get a metro, with the first train carrying passengers from the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
An investigation is under way after fuel pods were dumped in south Armagh overnight.
England have named all-rounder Ben Stokes in their squad for their one-day international series against Pakistan in September.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in the first one-day international in India.
The US astronaut who's spent 215 days in space is set to break the record for the longest single spacewalk.
A red kite has been found shot in the head in North Yorkshire.
Two men have been jailed for their part in an international operation to smuggle illegal drugs and stun guns into the UK.
Johnny Sexton and Brian O'Driscoll return to the Ireland team for Sunday's Six Nations match against New Zealand.
(Close): London's benchmark share index closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by hopes that a deal on Greece's debt could be reached within days.
Margaret Thatcher was one of Britain's most successful and controversial prime ministers.
The US military has condemned Russia's decision to send missiles to Syria in response to the chemical weapons attack.
Banksy has said he is "frightened" by rumours he is trolling visitors to his theme park on Weston-super-Mare.
Ed Miliband says he will never give up on fighting for the "Britain that I believe in", following Labour's general election defeat.
A third cat has died in seven days after being poisoned with antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter and Saracens are concerned the Willis case could set a dangerous precedent for concussion assessments.
More than 50 retailers in Singapore have been asked by the government to stop using wood and pulp materials blamed for the haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro says he has met President Hugo Chavez for the first time since he was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
The US Supreme Court has begun hearing arguments on whether same-sex marriage should be legalised in the US.
Confidence among England players is at an all-time high ahead of Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Italy, a study has found.
Conservative Zac Goldsmith has won the race to become the next mayor of London.
A 91-year-old woman said she was "speechless" when jewellery belonging to her husband was stolen during a break-in.
Rule The World, ridden by David Mullins, won the Grand National at Aintree for the second year in a row.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking children on term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton says Formula 1 governing body will have "no option" but to impose a 'halo' on cars following the death of John Surtees.
The impact of climate change on Welsh islands is to be assessed as part of a multi-million pound project.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England international Paul Dunn as their new manager on a two-year contract.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards in the world of music.
Pernod Ricard, one of the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported strong sales in the first three months of the year.
US media group News Corp has reported a net loss for the three months to the end of September as a result of declining subscriber numbers.
China's state-run media have taken to the front pages in response to the UN tribunal's decision to overturn a landmark arbitration ruling in the South China Sea.
The death of an eight-week-old baby who died after a ventilator was removed from his lungs was "a tragic accident", an inquest has heard.
A cancer charity has raised more than £50,000 for its appeal.
A World Cup conman has been ordered to pay back more than £600 and £220 to two victims he conned out of thousands of pounds.
A three-year-old boy has been found dead at a house in north London.
James Gilmour was seen hanging from the bonnet of a Jaguar at the Cenotaph during the August riots in central London, a court has ruled.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete has been jailed for life.
At least 26 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria says it will impose daily quotas on the number of migrants it accepts, in a bid to cope with the country's record number of asylum seekers.
David Beckham's Miami Beckham United team has launched a bid to build a new Major League Soccer (MLS) stadium in the city.
The Birds star Helen Hedren says she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock and threatened to "destroy" her career.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say they are treating a woman who is believed to be the world's heaviest woman.
Buckingham Palace have said they are "disappointing" that a video showing the Queen raising her arms like a Nazi salute has been released.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to overtake Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the "most extreme on record", according to new research.
Voters go to the polls on Tuesday to elect a new council leader.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic suffered a shock defeat by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were bowled out by Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor has been ruled out for the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Sunderland.
The final report of the Advisory Committee on Drugs and Psychopharmacology (ACMD) into the introduction of the Psychoactive Substances Bill has been published.
At least 31 people have been arrested in Morocco after clashes between rival fans at a Premier League match on Sunday.
It's Heroes' Day in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare.
Rangers winger Callum Windass says he has not had a chance to score since joining Accrington Stanley last summer.
New Zealand has successfully launched its first commercial rocket.
NHS hospitals in Scotland have seen an increase in the amount they pay consultants for extra work, the BBC has learned.
Rugby can be a dangerous sport, but it can also be fun.
Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano has erupted again, killing at least nine people, officials say.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of failing a drugs test by Uefa.
Wales will go to the polls in the general election on 8 June.
Every child in Scotland should have the basic rights to food, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland.
A schoolgirl who took her own life was "failed by the mental health system", an inquest has heard.
Drivers who are caught travelling at more than 10% above the speed limit could face fines of up to £100, according to a report.
US military police are investigating a pillow fight at West Point, New York, in which scores of cadets were injured.
Brazilians have been reacting angrily to the president of the country's human rights and minority affairs committee.
The Batmobile car that played the role of Batman in the 1960s TV series has sold at auction in New York for $2.5m (Â£1.6m).
Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled a raft of new measures aimed at making it harder for migrants to stay in the UK.
At the start of May's Labour Day celebrations in Paris, a young, working-class woman called Jean-Marie Le Pen made an impassioned speech.
World number one Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-4 victory over qualifier Stephen O'Brien.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a former Barnsley goalkeeper who died at the age of 93.
The UK's only member-owned energy supplier has been ordered to pay out more than £3m in compensation to customers who were left unable to log into their accounts or check their bill.
Nico Rosberg took pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton struggled under the safety car.
A man is to stand trial charged with the manslaughter of a Carlisle man whose body was found in woodland.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli says he has a "special place in my heart" at the club.
German carmaker Volkswagen has said it is "deeply sorry" over its diesel emissions scandal.
Raith Rovers left-back Scott Samson has signed a one-year contract extension.
Former world number one Andy Murray is expecting his first child with his girlfriend Kim Kardashian-West, BBC Scotland understands.
Paris St-Germain are in talks with Premiership bosses about switching to the Super Rugby competition next season.
Archaeological artefacts dating back more than 120 years have been uncovered during work to replace a bridge.
The world's biggest gaming companies are showing off their virtual reality technology at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A Chinese woman who claimed she was "divorced because of her fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has called on US President-elect Donald Trump not to move his embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem because it would "destroy the two-state solution".
A 16-year-old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in Dalkeith.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction has been announced.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Cabinet minister Chris Huhne should not have been given a free pass to the Houses of Parliament, an MP has said.
A radioactive isotope was found at Devonport Royal Dockyard, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said.
A man has been cleared of sexual offences against seven boys in Nottinghamshire.
Microsoft is launching an education service for schools.
Republic of Ireland manager Michael O'Neill says he is "happy to stay on" as manager of the Republic of Ireland.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers in the January transfer window.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said he would like the UK's EU referendum to be held as soon as possible.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator, Donald Tusk, has told the BBC: "There will be parallel talks on all issues at the same time."
Two 16-year-old boys have been charged in connection with an attempted murder in Dumbarton.
An investigation is under way after a fire broke out at a pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
The number of bespoke essay writing sites which offer students bespoke academic papers is "no place in the UK higher education sector", a watchdog has said.
A cousin of the so-called Islamic State (IS) terror group posted an image of a police officer on his mobile phone, a court has heard.
Councillors have approved plans to remove utility poles from Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire links course.
As Iraqi forces battle so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul, what do we know about the battle for the city?
Mame Biram Diouf scored an injury-time equaliser as Premier League leaders Chelsea came from behind to beat Stoke.
Two people have been charged over the death of a man who was attacked at a Dorset park.
Dizzee Rascal has been announced as one of the first acts for this year's Wickerman Festival.
Nearly half of Scotland's high street banks have closed their doors in the last year, according to new research.
Bailouts for the UK's "too big to fail" banks have been proposed by regulators.
The UK economy grew by a stronger-than-expected 0.5% in the second quarter following the Brexit vote, official figures have shown.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares traded higher on Monday, recovering some of Friday's losses following disappointing trade data.
People in India will no longer be able to exchange their old 500 and 1,000 rupee notes, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced.
Police have released CCTV images of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault in Bournemouth.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have clashed in their pre-fight press conference ahead of Saturday's heavyweight title fight.
Two climbers have gone missing while climbing one of Europe's highest peaks.
Teenage drivers could soon be able to set their own speed limits.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in southern Spain.
Kent director of cricket David Kennedy has left the club after two years in charge.
An MP from India's main opposition Shiv Sena party has been banned from all flights after allegedly punching an airline employee.
More than 100 people have been killed in a gun attack on a school in Paris, France.
Boris Johnson's relationship with US President-elect Donald Trump has had its ups and downs.
Obese teenagers are three times more likely to develop colorectal cancer than their normal weight peers, a study suggests.
All Labour MPs agree on the "tragic tragedy" of the party's current position, former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory after more than 200 years.
Hassan Rouhani is Iran's new President.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has paid tribute to his late father Chris Coleman, who died at the age of 96.
Urgent care units at three hospitals in Northumberland have been temporarily closed due to "extremely busy" NHS services.
When Vladimir Putin became president of Russia in 2012, it was only a matter of time before he became the president of the United States.
The average commute between London and Wales has fallen for the first time since 2006, according to a study by the TUC.
Calls are being made for the introduction of a microchip system in Wales.
The "digital revolution" is sweeping across the globe.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is close to agreeing a new contract with the Premier League champions.
One of the UK's biggest retail chains, Brantano, has gone into administration.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in County Londonderry has retired to consider its verdict.
Borussia Dortmund came from behind to win the German Cup for the first time in their history with a 1-0 victory over Wolfsburg.
A council has refused to release the full report into the death of a girl who took her own life.
Google has released the first draft of its next version of its Android operating system ahead of its annual developer conference in March.
The Berlin Philharmonic's board of directors has failed to reach a decision on a new chief conductor.
St Peter's of Drogheda have been knocked out of the MacRory Cup by St Mary's of Kilmarnock in the semi-finals.
Aldershot Town have appointed Steve Waddock as their new manager.
The big six energy suppliers have announced that they will introduce a cap on the amount of energy they charge.
The 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games will be taking place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
A man has been left in an induced coma after being attacked on a motorway.
Argentine voters are going to the polls for a second round in a run-off to decide the country's next president.
UKIP is on course to make a "breakthrough" in Wales, its leader Nigel Farage has told the BBC.
Plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal have been criticised by a heritage group.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed Charlton Athletic striker Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Plans for an entertainment arena in Bristol have been given the go-ahead.
Police in Colombia are searching for a man who has been hiding in a pair of huts for five years.
The owners of one of Scotland's most picturesque golf courses have offered to pay for repairs to a sinkhole.
Tesco, the UK's biggest supermarket chain, has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profits after taking legal costs.
League One side Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Ryan Oliver on a season-long loan deal.
A Polish journalist has been ordered to leave Russia within 30 days because of a row over his cat.
The United Nations has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using "excessive force" against peaceful protesters during recent anti-government protests.
New pictures have been released showing how three of the world's most powerful Earth observation satellites are being used in China.
The family of a World War Two veteran who was taken ill two weeks ago has been presented with France's highest military honour.
League Two side Mansfield Town have agreed a deal to sign former MK Dons striker Josh McShane.
The leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has called for a radical shake-up of local government.
Exeter fly-half Joe Launchbury has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to violent conduct.
Iran has banned the use of social media apps such as Twitter and Facebook.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie says he wants to be part of a winning America's Cup team in the future.
You can now sign on to a tablet or computer using a series of hand gestures.
A 21-year-old man has died following an assault outside a bar in Grimsby.
China has accused Japan of violating its pacifist constitution after it passed controversial new defence laws.
Rafael Benitez's reign as Chelsea interim manager came to an end with an injury-time equaliser against Southampton at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's two one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan because of an ankle injury.
An ancient fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset has been named Ichthyosaurus anningae, in honour of a British fossil hunter.
Olympic gold medallist Laura Archibald won gold in the women's individual pursuit at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Barcelona.
More than four million fans attended Scottish League One matches last season, according to new figures.
Plans to transform Alexandra Palace into a cultural centre have been announced by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
One hole golfers shouldn't be able to play on has opened up on a golf course in South Africa.
A "significant proportion" of applications to register to vote in the general election are likely to have been duplicates, a watchdog has said.
Manchester Force have clinched the British Basketball League Play-offs for the second year in a row with a 4-0 victory over London Flyers.
Josh Matavesi's late drop-goal gave Ospreys victory over Racing 92 to keep alive their European Champions Cup qualification hopes.
More than 11,000 Christmas cards have been sent to a terminally ill six-year-old boy in the USA, it has been revealed.
Fifa's taskforce has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower, weighed down by a fall in Barclays shares.
A Dundee woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock on BBC One's The One Show.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has appointed Ventura as his successor as Italy coach.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has spoken for the first time since he was released from prison.
Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient and Waterlooville midfielder Nicolas Atangana on a two-year deal.
New England batsman Nick Compton says he is not "far off cementing his place in the side".
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oregon charged with the murder of an Australian student.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to wake up in the middle of the night to find your best friend waiting for you?
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Six Nations because of a knee injury.
The World Cup was the most searched topic of the year on Google, with people searching for "Who is Banksy?"
Cornish Pirates director of rugby Steve Cattle was unhappy with his side's second-half display in their 16-10 win over Gloucester.
A woman with a rare form of chronic fatigue syndrome is set to marry her fiance.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a "re-evaluation" of all contacts with the United Nations, following a vote by the UN Security Council.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ruled that former Lithuanian President Andrej Paksas violated the country's constitution by disqualifying him from running for election in 2004.
Arsene Wenger's first Premier League game in charge of Arsenal ended in defeat at Watford.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of Wales on Monday.
The number of miscarriages that have taken place in the UK in the past 12 months has risen to 1,000.
Cerberus, the US investment fund which bought the Nama loan portfolio in the Republic of Ireland, has told a parliamentary committee that it was "as good as their word" in getting access to the Northern Ireland Executive.
Ayr United extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Championship to seven points with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Scotland's former first minister Jack McConnell fell down a drain during a visit to Malawi in 2005.
The death of an inmate at Elmley Prison is being investigated by the inspector of prisons, the Prison Association has said.
A convicted fraudster who posed as a court clerk and emailed prison staff with instructions to release him has been jailed for eight years.
Two senior police officers have been paid more than £51,000 in pension payments in breach of the law, the auditor general has said.
A driver caught doing 51mph in a 30mph zone on a motorway has been reported to the courts.
EU nationals living in the UK will be able to stay in the country after the UK votes to leave the bloc, according to official figures.
Carry On actress Helen Mirren has announced her retirement from acting.
Virtual reality (VR) has become an everyday reality for many people.
University students in Wales are more satisfied with their university experience than ever before, according to a survey.
Thousands of people are expected in the German city of Cologne for the annual carnival after sexual assaults on women on New Year's Eve.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly are to be given a two-year leave of absence from their jobs.
A black woman has claimed she was refused entry to a nightclub because she was "dressed to the nines".
The number of young people in foster care in Scotland is rising, according to a new study.
Three "musketeers" who tackled a burglar and arrested him have been given bravery awards by police.
EU nationals living in London should be eligible for a visa to stay in the UK after Brexit, the London Chamber of Commerce has said.
Derby County captain Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Workers at Diageo distilleries in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pay.
An upgraded Translink commuter train has been restored to service following a safety investigation.
Indonesia's Islamic clerics have issued a fatwa urging the government to ban underage marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the country's national team to boycott the 2018 World Series.
Boris Johnson has said there is "no reason why" the UK would not pay to remain in the EU's single market.
The organisers of Germany's Rock am Ring music festival say it has been forced to cancel the event because of safety concerns.
India's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial bill to toughen the punishment for juvenile rapists.
Three more people have appeared in court charged with the murder of 16-year-old Becky Watts, who was found dead at her home in Bristol in February.
The mother of a boy who was pulled off an EasyJet flight because he was not allocated a seat has called for an overhaul of the airline's ticket system.
The head of a polio charity has paid tribute to an "outstanding" woman who campaigned for a vaccine against the disease 50 years ago.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
Plans for a solar farm in Gedling National Park have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The Court of Appeal has been asked to reinstate a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to stop loyalist flag protests in 2012.
Labour leader Ed Balls and shadow chancellor Ed Balls have clashed in the House of Commons over the government's spending plans.
A 21-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
Probation service staff in Wales should be able to share lessons learned following the murder of a mentally ill man, a report has said.
Somerset's County Championship game against Lancashire has been abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than 300 schools in England are under-performing, according to official GCSE results.
A mother-of-two is taking legal action against a Kensington and Chelsea council over plans to demolish her house.
The US Department of Defence has announced it will recall nearly all of its civilian employees as part of a partial government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be put up for sale in a bid to save the breed from extinction.
Latam airlines have suspended all flights to and from Venezuela because of the country's currency controls.
Five men have been charged with causing the deaths of four teenagers who were killed in a car crash in Wakefield.
Spanish police say they have arrested a member of the Pink Panther jewellery gang, who they say carried out a series of armed robberies across Europe.
Rochdale secured their first League One win of the season with a 3-2 victory over struggling Scunthorpe.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote on Wednesday on whether to renew a contract to repair the council's roads.
When Radhika Menon became the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy to win an international award for her efforts to rescue two fishermen stranded at sea, she didn't think she would be able to do it alone.
In the aftermath of England's final-day defeat by India in Chennai, it is fair to say that the final Test of the tour was the most devastating of all.
Schoolchildren in England are being asked if they think it's better to help bullies or punish them.
Surrey captain Mark Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Cameroon reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup for the first time in their history with victory over Germany.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carriers are due to arrive in Portsmouth next year, the defence secretary has said.
Siemens Mobility is to bid for a contract to manufacture trains for the HS2 high-speed rail line, the government has announced.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be completed by the end of the month, BBC Scotland understands.
Harriet Harman, the women's commissioner at the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC), has told the BBC that the UK's membership of the European Union would be in jeopardy if it voted to leave.
A woman has admitted setting her pet dog on an Aberdeen woman and biting off part of her ear.
No further action will be taken against a 17-year-old boy who was arrested following the deaths of two teenagers in Caerphilly county.
Sixteen players have been named in England's squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The woolly mammoth may have been the last refuge of modern species on the brink of extinction.
Sir John Johnson, who was best known for his roles in Deadlier Than the Male and Some Girls Do, has died aged 89.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after she was sexually assaulted in west Belfast.
Soldiers trained in Wiltshire during World War One have left their names behind at an archaeological dig.
A mosaic has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the bloodiest air strikes of World War Two.
Restaurant takeaways in a Kent town are to be banned as part of efforts to tackle obesity.
Lego has ended its promotional relationship with the Daily Mail, following a campaign by anti-racism group Stop Funding Hate.
Scientists in the US say they have developed a drug that can reverse the effects of HIV.
A man with Asperger's syndrome tried to buy five packets of ricin from the "dark net", a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto, promising to create a "well, well-educated and wealthier Wales".
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says he is in talks with four or five international players to join the club next season.
Greece captain Andreas Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Jack Baird's last-minute strike gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A'mad scientist' has pulled off one of the world's most amazing stunts.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a rally at the Dalzell and Clydebridge steel plants in Dumfries and Galloway.
Vloggers who use YouTube to promote their videos have told Newsbeat they think it's too soon to put advertisements in the title.
The family of a 12-year-old boy who was removed from mainstream schooling because of a lack of places for him to go to school have been told that an extra classroom assistant has been employed at a special school.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at restoring the country's 2004 constitution.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Laurent Sanguinetti looks at Australia's politics.
An investigation into allegations of historical child sexual abuse in north Wales is now at its second phase.
The death of a man whose body was found at a hotel in Edinburgh is not being treated as suspicious.
British and Irish Lions flanker Robbie North and scrum-half George Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the tour with injuries.
Championship side Lech Poznan have signed Reading defender Tomas Rakels on loan until the end of the season.
Pop star Lana Del Rey doesn't seem like the kind of person you'd expect to find working in a BBC studio.
More than a year after a black man was shot dead by a white police officer in the US state of North Carolina, the issue continues to divide the country.
More needs to be done to crack down on so-called "unregistered schools", Ofsted says.
The 2017 Women's Super League One season starts on Friday, 1 March with the opening day of the 2017-18 season.
Slovenian Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, but has ruled himself out of qualifying for the Tokyo Games.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez says he will retire from cycling at the end of this season.
A woman who lost her job because she had a disabled child has been awarded more than £2,000 in damages.
There is a new, if temporary, reality in Westminster.
Guy Martin will return to this year's Ulster Grand Prix for the first time since the death of Joey Dunlop.
Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" during his time in charge of the club, according to the club's chief executive Martin Raynor.
In the middle of London's Hyde Park in the early hours of the morning, Victoria Black had her hands full.
Former WBA world featherweight champion Charles Dickens will defend his title against Jorge Rigondeaux at London's O2 Arena on 26 March.
The Department of Foreign Affairs has said no further Irish heritage certificates will be available for sale after 24 August.
Thousands of sheep have been stolen from an Angus farm.
Ivan Cojanu retained his WBO light-welterweight title with a unanimous points victory over Tony Parker.
US President Donald Trump has reversed his stance on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (Nato) during his first day in office.
Belfast jockey Michael McCoy has won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second year in a row.
Rafael Williams has been suspended from the Scarlets team after an image of him posing in the dressing room was posted online.
A Vietnamese man whose Facebook account was shut down because he used a false and misleading name has said he is "very grateful" for the support he has received.
Tesco has agreed to buy the Giraffe restaurant chain from Conlumino for an undisclosed sum.
A photojournalist who took hundreds of pictures of people in a taxi during the Edinburgh Festival has said he was "really pleased" with the results.
Twelve bodies have washed up on a Turkish beach in the Aegean Sea after two boats carrying migrants capsized.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal described his side's second-half display as "Murphy's Law".
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", according to a trade body.
Three people have been charged in connection with an attempt to defraud the charity Unicef out of more than £500,000.
Portsmouth owner Michael Eisner has made an offer of £5.67m for the vacant managerial position at the club.
The International Rescue Committee (IRCC) has condemned the deaths of two Syrian migrants who shared a tent in Greece.
Scientists have recreated the skeleton of one of the world's most complete stegosauruses.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to cover up the emissions scandal in diesel cars.
More than a third of cancers worldwide are caused by infection, according to new research.
David Cameron has called on Turkey and the US to do more to tackle the "extremist ideology" that fuels jihadists travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake says the first thing he'd like to eat when he's back on Earth is pizza.
BBC Radio 1 has announced plans to rotate its presenters this autumn.
Twelve whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on Anglesey.
The Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen says it has achieved its objectives, but how does this end?
When I first started working on BBC Radio 4's Valentine's Day special, I had no idea what I was going to do with it.
The maker of Irn Bru carbonates is to cut the sugar content of its soft drinks in a bid to tackle the nation's obesity problem.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep one of its most prominent shareholders on the board of the news website Gawker.
London's Natural History Museum is trying to reconstruct one of the world's most famous robots.
At the end of last month, El Salvador's national police issued an alert that Mexican drug cartels were preparing to move into the country.
UK Sport says it is "expecting more investment" in winter sports following the success of Team GB at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Manchester Storm moved into the Elite League play-off places thanks to a 2-1 victory over Belfast Storm.
There should be a criminal investigation into the death of a cyclist in England and Wales, a former MP has said.
A woman arrested on suspicion of obstructing justice over the death of a child murdered by Robert Brady should not be charged, prosecutors have said.
Portsmouth were held to a draw by 10-man Carlisle at Fratton Park.
New measurements of the shape of the electron suggest it is more or less round than previously thought.
The government's senior law officer has said it is "an open question" whether MPs are protected from prosecution over statements made in Parliament in breach of court orders.
The family of a student left with life-changing injuries after he fell from a roof at a college have lost a legal bid to recover damages.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish suffered a crash.
An investigation is under way into whether a parking company in Lincolnshire changed the timestamps of drivers' cars.
Plans for improvements to one of Glasgow's busiest roads have been unveiled following a public consultation.
A South African song has been released in a bid to unite the country in the wake of recent attacks on foreigners.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in Worcestershire.
In the run-up to the assembly election, there has been a lot of talk about cuts to university funding.
The BBC has been cleared of breaching impartiality guidelines in a report by the BBC Trust's ethics committee.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-3 to win the best-of-seven baseball World Series.
Former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell has launched a campaign to save her life after she was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.
Substitute Leonardo Ulloa salvaged a point for Premier League leaders Leicester with a stoppage-time equaliser against West Ham.
China is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of its biggest exporters.
A street party celebrating the Queen's 90th birthday will be held at Buckingham Palace later this year.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Researchers in the US have developed an algorithm that can tell when a robot is falling.
The idea of a national identity card scheme for foreign nationals has long been part of British politics.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says he is looking forward to a "long season" at the club.
US prosecutors have launched an investigation into corruption at football's world governing body Fifa, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland could return to New Zealand following the departure of Stuart Lancaster, according to ex-Wales scrum-half Jonathan Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has described former FBI director James Comey as a "leaker".
Liberal Democrat candidate Peter Galloway is being investigated by police over his conduct during the Bradford West by-election.
Plans have been approved for a new road in Dumfries and Galloway which was closed for more than two years after a landslide.
A new video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at E3 in Los Angeles.
A man has been jailed for eight months for failing to donate Â£1,000 to a children's cancer charity.
Australia has appointed Joe Hockey as its new ambassador to the United States.
Economy Minister Alasdair Hamilton is seeking approval for a plan to reduce tariffs paid to people who benefited from the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 say they have closed off a number of theories about what happened to the boy.
A 19-year-old man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell is three shots off the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic after carding a six-under-par 66.
Locks are being removed from a bridge over the River Haven in a bid to stop it becoming "the romance centre of the UK".
Lewis Hamilton says he will give everything he has to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in Sunday's US Grand Prix.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from the water after it became trapped under a bridge in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria are investigating reports that "killer clowns" are parading in public in a "copycat" of incidents in the US.
Durham Jets' hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast suffered a blow as they were beaten by Leicestershire in a rain-affected game.
South Africa maintained their 100% start to the second Test against India with an eight-wicket victory.
The number of energy customers switching from standard variable tariffs to fixed-term deals has reached record levels, according to new data.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys when it comes to physical activity, a study suggests.
One of the most commonly prescribed drugs for osteoporosis has been linked to microscopic cracks in the bones of elderly patients, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed striker Cammy Smith from Dundee United on loan until the end of the season.
Thousands of homes and businesses have been left without power in Salford and Greater Manchester following floods on Saturday.
Transport for London (TfL) has introduced a cashless ticket system in a bid to save £24m a year.
Edinburgh have announced plans to play their home matches at Myreside for the next two years.
Glasgow-based department store chain Marks and Spencer has announced plans to expand its operations to 16 stores across Scotland.
If you're planning to spend a lot of time at the gym in the next few weeks, then you need an activity tracker.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has said he is "profoundly sorry" for the way the force handled the Hillsborough disaster.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened following a three-vehicle crash.
An autonomous underwater vehicle has failed to find any wreckage in the search zone for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
Annan Athletic made it two wins out of two in the Scottish League Two play-off semi-finals.
A lot of people in the UK have voted to leave the European Union.
A former head of strings at a music school "used his power and influence improperly" by having sex with a student, a court has heard.
China's imports of crude oil from Iran surged to a record level in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied he "pulled the wool over our eyes" over a £39m deal to buy timber from the timber industry.
Councils in England will have to raise council tax by just 1.7% over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
It started out as an ordinary day in Japan.
My new role as director of cricket at Surrey has been a rollercoaster ride.
One of the UK's most successful athletes, Mo Farah, has told Newsround he wants to become a better athlete.
The new leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), Raheem Kassam, says he wants to "sack me".
Deputy First Minister Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland in the wake of the UK's decision to leave the EU will not solve the problem of the Irish border.
A memorial has been unveiled in Merseyside to those who died fighting in the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead by a group of men on pedal bikes.
It is one of Channel 4's most famous landmarks - the Channel Tunnel.
The leader of Pakistan's Balochistan separatist movement has told the BBC he is prepared to talk to the Pakistani government.
David Cameron's team of Eurosceptic ministers have decided to relent on their plan to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
The former leader of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, has announced that he will not be allowed to use social media.
Vaccinations should be given to boys in Wales as part of the fight against cervical cancer, campaigners have said.
A man whose son has been without a sippy cup for three years says he has been "delighted" to be able to start production on a run of the mould.
Tom Cairney scored a stoppage-time winner as Fulham came from behind to beat Brentford at Griffin Park.
French Socialist Francois Ayrault has been named prime minister by President Francois Hollande, the Elysee Palace has announced.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sleepwalking in Manchester city centre.
The 2017 Winter Olympics start in Pyeongchang, South Korea this weekend.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Ike Akinfenwa was sent off in their pre-season friendly against Le Havre.
Former US Congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty by a Philadelphia federal court in a multi-million dollar corruption case.
UK Sport has set a target of winning seven medals at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has outlined his proposals for a new fiscal framework for Scotland.
Dayle Southwell became the first Wycombe Wanderers player to score a hat-trick as they beat Stevenage in League Two.
A teenager has been found guilty of killing an 11-year-old Aberdeen schoolboy in a fist fight.
Four Northern Ireland rowers have qualified for Sunday's final of the European Rowing Championships in Brandenburg.
US tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police over the death of a man who was hit by her car.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Shailesh Tripathi considers India's potential to become one of the leading nations in chess boxing.
A fund set up to save one of the largest radio telescopes in the Solar System has raised more than $200,000 (Â£123,000).
Two Scottish Conservative MSPs have called for the UK to remain in the European Union.
A "stupid, idiotic" drunk man has been fined for climbing onto the roof of a church in Edinburgh.
The Labour Party's National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal to reinstate leadership elections to the shadow cabinet.
Violence against women by men simply because they are a woman is to be recorded as a misogyny hate crime.
An opinion poll commissioned by the BBC's Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland suggests that there is little room for optimism.
An Iranian couple living in Cambodia have left the country after agreeing a deal with the Australian government to resettle them.
The family of murdered schoolgirl April Jones say they have received "no complaints" about a "humorous" sign outside a cafe.
London preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 12 years for inviting support for so-called Islamic State (IS).
A three-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Technology giant Apple has raised $35bn (Â£19bn) in bonds in its latest attempt to raise cash.
A Kent hospital trust has been placed in special measures following an inspection by the health watchdog.
China's foreign ministry has warned US President-elect Donald Trump that his "One China" policy risks harming bilateral ties.
One of China's largest baby hatches centres has been temporarily closed to new babies, its director has said.
An inquest into the deaths of three friends who drowned off the coast of East Sussex has opened.
There are three key pins and levers in the Labour government's fiscal lock, which will keep it fiscally honest until the general election.
The family of a man who went on an expedition in Peru say they are concerned for his welfare.
Peruvian President Otto Humala has said he is committed to improving the quality of life for the country's people.
A man has been rescued from the sea in Bangor, County Down.
A biker has claimed he was barred from his local pub by staff who told him he was not allowed in.
Leeds Rhinos maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over Warrington Wolves.
Stenhousemuir extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to seven points with a 3-0 win away to Livi.
Work to demolish and rebuild a derelict shopping centre has been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 54 jobs.
The head of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in England and Wales, David McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement which they say is a "sound basis" for future co-operation.
A police force failed to act on "poor practice" after a baby was killed by an illegal dog, a serious case review has found.
England manager Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for next month's Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Norway and Sweden.
Voters in June's EU referendum will decide whether the UK should stay or leave.
Morocco's interior minister says the turnout in Sunday's presidential election in the capital, Casablanca, was lower than expected.
Kevin Pietersen hit his highest Twenty20 score of the season to help South Africa Dolphins beat New Zealand Knights.
Leaders of Sinn FÃ©in and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) are to take legal action against the prime minister over Brexit.
There has been a major political crisis in Northern Ireland.
Plans by French artist Claude Monet to expand his water garden have been unearthed by the Royal Academy of Art.
The owner of a firework factory destroyed in a "horrendous" explosion has said his business is his "life".
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the site of the Shoreham air disaster have been found guilty of misconduct.
Goals from Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani helped Leicester City thrash Sheffield United in the EFL Cup second round.
More needs to be done to improve the early warning system for sepsis in hospitals in Wales, the Welsh government has said.
The estranged wife of US comedian Robin Williams has asked a judge to resolve a long-running dispute over his personal possessions.
A 31-year-old man who fraudulently claimed more than £14,000 in benefits and child benefits has been jailed for five years.
British astronaut Luca Maestri has returned to the International Space Station for the first time.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
UK arms exports to Saudi Arabia are lawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order slumped to an eight-wicket defeat by India A in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
Costa Cruises, the owner of the world's biggest cruise ship, has reported better-than-expected third-quarter profits.
Uruguay is set to become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of recreational marijuana, officials say.
A survivor of a fire which killed six people at a chemical plant has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours.
People in Bristol, in the US state of South America, have been using vinegar as a pong.
Private sector companies would be "foolish not to help" the public sector in Oxfordshire, according to a business leader.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a concert in Toronto, Canada.
Winger Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig thrashed Mainz to go top of the Bundesliga.
Prime Minister Jeremy Hunt has said he wants the UK to have the "fastest broadband network in Europe".
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to develop a national strategy to improve access to laboratory testing for HIV, say researchers.
Goalkeeper Gemma Fay says reaching a major tournament for the first time in her career would be the "most special moment" of her career.
Crawley Town have completed the signing of defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Edinburgh secured their place in the European Champions Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought victory over Leinster at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn says he wants Labour to "review and refresh" its thinking on social security in the months ahead.
Employers should not be subject to "Stasi-style surveillance" at work, business leaders have said.
One of the world's biggest cheetahs, Legolas the Lion, has been shot dead in Botswana, conservationists say.
A further £1.1bn will need to be spent on adult social care services in the next five years, according to a survey.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of former Rangers defender Lee McCulloch.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need "any more money" to sign a new striker before the January transfer window opens.
Widnes Vikings full-back Chris Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side.
Championship side Latics have signed Bournemouth defender Ryan MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has been criticised for failing to ensure patients with degrees of confusion or dementia had the capacity to consent to treatment.
Southampton manager Mark Friend has been ruled out of the remainder of the Premier League season after collapsing against Bournemouth.
Belize, a former British crown colony, is one of the most prosperous countries in Latin America.
A woman has been found not guilty of having sex with a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for severe forms of epilepsy is being trialled in Edinburgh.
West African countries have threatened to intervene militarily in The Gambia if President Yahya Jammeh refuses to step down.
There are few schools in Northern Ireland where more than 1,000 pupils attend every year.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has clarified comments she made in a Dáil (parliament) earlier this month about the debt owed to a former Anglo Irish Bank.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a two-year contract.
UK energy firm BG Group has reported a sharp fall in first-quarter profits as the price of oil continues to fall.
Tourism bosses in Cumbria have been urged to get a "positive campaign" on the road after Storm Desmond.
Fleetwood came from behind to beat Scunthorpe in the National League.
Rescue workers in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, say they have been overwhelmed by the scale of the devastation caused by Thursday's devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "worried" about his whereabouts.
Britain's most successful female jockey, Jodie Turner, has announced she will retire at the end of the season.
BP is to cut 600 jobs in its North Sea operations.
Human remains have been found in the search for an 80-year-old American treasure hoard hidden in a New Mexico river.
An 18-year-old man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the outskirts of Londonderry.
How do you become an Under-17 women's hammer thrower at the age of 13?
Transformers: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has been the lowest-grossing film of the Fourth of July weekend in the US.
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff edge in Derbyshire.
The sister of a cyclist who died when she was hit by a lorry in south-east London has appealed for witnesses.
More than £43m has been generated by hosting the 2015 Rugby World Cup in Newcastle.
Cardiff City were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City at the Principality Stadium.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been found homes after they were left in a cardboard box at a Pembrokeshire zoo.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Mansfield Town.
A man has been jailed for his part in the murder of a man whose body was found in a park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) is looking at the future of its performance school coaching scheme.
One of Monet's most famous paintings, the Nympheas, has sold for £31.7m at an auction in New York.
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell said he was "not far away, I can feel it clicking".
Pfizer and Flynn Pharmaceuticals have been accused of abusing their dominant position in a cancer drug market, the Competition and Markets Authority has said.
Zanzibar's football association has submitted an application to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Audi has withdrawn from endurance racing for the 2017-18 season in order to concentrate on electric cars.
Thousands of homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a water main burst.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale will pledge to restore the money Scottish families will lose from the Tory tax rise.
Bristol City will be without left-back Miralem Pjanic until the end of the season.
Iraqi political parties have been vying for power since the 2003 US-led invasion of the country.
The Met Office has issued a number of weather warnings for the rest of the week.
A hoard of gold coins believed to date back to the Fatimid Caliphate has been discovered off the coast of Egypt.
Former world number one Mark Lindahl has been banned from international tennis for six months after being found guilty of attempted match-fixing.
It is not every day that a senior figure in the British Railways Board is paid £24,000 a year, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
A new approach to teaching GCSEs in English and maths is helping thousands of young people in Coventry, who have had to go back to school themselves.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after she was found abandoned in an alleyway in Londonderry.
A Singaporean couple's coffin-themed wedding photo shoot has gone viral on social media.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored the only goal of the game as Huddersfield and Birmingham played out a goalless draw at Deepdale.
Oscar-winning actress Helen Mirren has joined the cast of Downton Abbey as a guest star.
Oil prices have fallen below $50 a barrel for the first time in more than five years.
Wolfsburg striker Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been fined by Uefa for failing to turn up to training on time.
Volunteers searching for a key part of a German cipher machine used during World War Two are hoping to find it in a shed.
Wales and India are to share the heritage of performing arts as part of the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
There are too many underperforming academies in England, according to the education watchdog.
Leicester City have signed former Napoli and France defender Christophe Reveillere on loan until the end of the season.
Russia's security service has proposed restricting public access to the country's state property registry, in an effort to tackle corruption.
Nato and Russia have held "profound and persistent differences" in their approach to the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the two countries have said.
The Scottish Prison Service has been awarded contracts to install mobile phone signals at two prisons in Dumfries and Galloway, Justice Secretary Angus MacAskill has announced.
Parts of the US state of Louisiana have been inundated by floodwaters, officials say.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed.
A fake BBC news story circulating on social media appears to have come from the United States.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbaric" rape of a teenage girl in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro.
Plans for a new golf course in East Sutherland have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Google has announced plans to invest £1bn in its new headquarters in London.
An "earthy snug" built by prehistoric inhabitants at Stonehenge could have been used as a heater, archaeologists have found.
A chronology of key events and events:
Christian Benteke could leave Liverpool at the end of the season.
The family of an 85-year-old Scottish woman living in Australia say they have been told that they may have to wait up to 30 years to get her back.
A shoe shop in County Tyrone was inundated with flood water on Saturday night.
A task force set up by the Scottish government to look at the future of Scotland's steel industry has met in Fraserburgh.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced he will retire at the end of the season.
The mother of a three-week-old baby found dead at a bus stop in Conwy county is being sought by police.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Professional Football League will create "as much tension" in the Championship this season as it did last season, according to the club's director of football Colin Doncaster.
Universities in Wales need to be given more money if they are to compete in the same way as other universities in the UK, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic head coach Ronny Luzon says he will not worry about his side's Championship play-off hopes on Saturday.
The Chinese government is using its "toolbox" of coercive tactics against foreign companies, according to one of the country's leading businessmen, Michael McGregor.
As Wales prepare to face England in the Euro 2016 semi-finals, we take a look back at some of the key moments in the team's victory over England.
More than half of working families in England would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by Shelter.
The number of people using contactless payments in the UK rose by more than a third last year compared with the previous year, new figures show.
The family of a teenager killed in a crash on Anglesey have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces are preparing for their toughest battle yet against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Falluja, a senior military officer has told the BBC.
Isabelle Linden scored the only goal of the game as Birmingham City held Reading to a draw in the Women's Super League One play-off first round.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Annual inflation in the UK rose by 0.1% in January compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Liam Davies and Hannah Hermitage both set new world records on the final day of the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
Plans to reduce the height of a hairpin bend on the A9 at Berriedale Braes have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" bringing in Yids Yiadom for Tuesday's Championship game at Ipswich.
The Welsh government has been accused of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on a "stonewalling" poster campaign for the Metro rail project.
Sebastian O'Brien has been named in Ireland's 23-man squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against Italy in Dublin.
MPs have criticised the BBC for spending less than Â£80m a year on programmes set in the Midlands.
Astronomers say they have discovered the most distant object ever found in the Solar System.
If you want a bouquet of roses from the European Union (EU), don't do it.
England thrashed world champions New Zealand by 17 points at Twickenham in the first Test of the Six Nations season.
The Open Artificial Intelligence (AI) group has pledged $1bn (Â£770m) to fund research into artificial intelligence.
Jonny Laidlaw scored a hat-trick of tries as Scotland cruised to victory over Georgia at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the Premiership club at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting in the general election has almost doubled in the past year, according to new research.
One of the world's leading chamber orchestras, Sir Neville Chamberlain, has died at the age of 91.
There is a saying in athletics: "There is no such thing as happy ending."
One person has died following a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
A ban on the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland has come into force.
Port Vale manager Mark Hughes says he would consider selling Giannelli Imbula.
A 71-year-old man has died after his car collided with a lorry in Kent.
A body has been discovered off the coast of Cornwall by a French yachtsman, police have said.
DJ Shakuhachi has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016.
There was a sense of relief on the streets of Tel Aviv after the results of Israel's parliamentary elections came in.
The average daily commute to and from work in the UK has more than doubled since 2010, according to official figures.
Barra Airport is one of Scotland's oldest and most scenic airports.
Work is set to begin on a new road crossing in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tributes have been paid to the three people who died in the Manchester bombing.
Plans for a £10m Garden Bridge in south London have been given the go-ahead.
A collection of sculptures created by Dame Zaha Hadid at Chatsworth Gardens has gone on show.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" in the UK on Remembrance Sunday.
It has been an eventful year for the arts in Northern Ireland.
The new director of Tate Modern, Nicholas Serota, has announced his intention to leave the institution at the end of the year.
The summer transfer window has closed in England and Scotland.
More than 2,000 people have signed an online petition opposing plans to introduce parking charges at Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says he is "optimistic" that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) will be reached.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the former head of one of India's most prestigious religious institutions, has died at the age of 85.
Women's Super League One club Durham United have signed former Sunderland Ladies goalkeeper Lauren Laws.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said all four UK parliaments should ratify any Brexit deal the UK government comes to.
The Co-operative Bank, which was put up for sale earlier this year, says it is in advanced talks with a group of existing investors on a possible recapitalisation.
At the end of our tour of Afghanistan, we found that the only thing that stood in the way of the government's plans to rebuild the country was a rusty digger.
Work has begun to repair flood-hit railway tracks in Oxfordshire.
Fester the pit bull has found a new home following an appeal by a dog charity.
A letter written by John Lennon in 1951 is to be auctioned later this year.
There's always been a sense of unease in the Conservative Party about the prospect of a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
A facsimile of the original copy of Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 500th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Former Scotland captain Darren Wilson has backed Darren Fletcher to succeed Scott Brown as captain for Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland.
An inflatable rescue boat has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos in the aftermath of the recent terror attacks.
Police in the US city of Ferguson have used tear gas to break up a protest over the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager.
Brazil is one of the world's most heavily forested countries.
Ex-South Africa head coach Alan Solomons says the new Pro12 competition will be "brutal" for both sides.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has ordered the military to nationalise a Spanish-owned power company.
Yum Brands, the parent company of Taco Bell and Pizza Hut, has reported better-than-expected sales in China.
Residents of the Sheerwater regeneration estate in Woking are to be asked to give their views on the scheme.
Hundreds of workers have been evacuated from an oil refinery in Aberdeenshire after it caught fire.
Black voters in Ferguson, Missouri, have voted overwhelmingly to elect a new mayor and police and crime commissioner.
A "winter of discontent" could be avoided if trade union leaders can co-ordinate strikes against government cuts, the Trades Union Congress has heard.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins clinched his fourth road world time trial title with victory at the Road World Championships.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how fast Asia is growing.
Two men have been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of plotting to carry out an attack, Australian police say.
An MP has said he has "to take some responsibility" for what happened to a council's £10.25m loan to a football club.
Millennials born in the 1980s are likely to struggle to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age, according to new research.
The Star Wars firth has been recreated for the first time by an amateur photographer.
Tennis chief executive Ray Moore has stepped down from his role at the Indian Wells tournament after calling for more prize money for women.
Richard Cockerill has resigned as head coach of Leicester Tigers.
An appeals court in New York has ordered the trial of Hank Greenberg, one of the co-founders of sub-prime mortgage lender Ally Financial.
Tyrone Trescothick's double century put Somerset in a strong position on day two against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
The owners of a Newport turkey processing business have been jailed for five years for food hygiene offences, including defrosting outside in dirty water.
A police officer has been awarded a bravery award for rescuing a 21-year-old man who fell from a fire escape.
Volkswagen says it is "optimistic" that it will come up with a solution to a problem with its diesel cars.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester.
Sri Lanka's cricket authorities have launched an investigation after two players turned down an offer of money ahead of a World Twenty20 match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for the second time in three years.
Premier League matches will be shown live on TV for the first time this season, BBC Sport has learned.
Talks aimed at forming a minority government in the Republic of Ireland have broken down.
Blackburn Rovers have extended the loan spell of former Wolves striker James Mackie until the end of the season.
The first albino deer to be born in the UK has been released into the wild.
A 12-year-old Muslim family from Luton are believed to have travelled to Syria, police have said.
Plans for Cardiff Bay gondolas have been drawn up by the Cardiff City Council (CBC).
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has failed in an attempt to obtain documents relating to a long-running legal case.
US President Donald Trump says President Barack Obama "choked" when it came to Russian meddling in the election.
A police investigation has been launched after a "horrible scraping noise" from Basingstoke Town Football Club's ground.
Gunmen have opened fire on the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish capital, Istanbul, killing at least one person and injuring several others, police say.
An MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who sued a Carmarthenshire council leader for defamation has had her case against him dropped.
An Emirates mid-air flight from Dubai to Hong Kong has been forced to make an emergency landing after thieves stole watches worth more than Â£20,000.
The leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party has said his mandate will be to reform the European Union "at the same time".
A man who was deported from the UK because his parents were married has won a Supreme Court battle over his right to remain in the country.
The boss of one of the City's biggest fund managers has been banned from the City for life after failing to pay the full fare for a London-bound train.
Five former foreign secretaries have written to David Cameron urging him to tackle corruption during his visit to Moscow.
Jake Cassidy scored the only goal of the game as Hartlepool came from behind to draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not redesign its Arak nuclear reactor until it has done so, the country's energy minister has said.
It is 70 years since the death of Private John Parr, the youngest soldier to die fighting in World War One.
David Haye says he "will happily pay" a fine for comments he made about Tony Bellew before Saturday's British Boxing Board of Control (BofC) meeting.
The battle to save the struggling department store chain BHS from liquidation continues.
South African industrial action is under way in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Two Americans and a Briton have been awarded France's highest military honour, the Legion d'honneur, in recognition of their efforts to stop a gunman on a Paris train.
A major road in the Scottish Borders is to be closed as part of a flood protection scheme.
Council leaders on the Isle of Wight have said they are "not surprised" a deal to create a Solent Combined Authority has been rejected.
Burnley have completed the signing of Middlesbrough winger Vincent de Roon on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The National Railway Museum in Shropshire has opened its doors to the public for the first time since Prime Minister David Cameron's coffin was transported from London to Oxford.
The chief inspector of hospitals at London's Liberty Road Practice has told the BBC he is concerned about the number of people who are taking part in Christmas Day celebrations.
Ikea has issued a recall of a beach chair after it was found to be prone to faulty re-assembly.
Banks in India are using indelible ink to stop people from voting in upcoming elections.
American football legend Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of head injuries.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into their home in Fairlie in Strathclyde.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25.
Ezequiel Aluko rescued a point for relegation-threatened Hull with a stoppage-time equaliser against Nottingham Forest.
Stem cells have been produced in the laboratory for the first time to treat type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew was sent off in the first half of their 2-1 Premier League defeat by Watford on Saturday.
Former Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson says there will be "a few more ups and downs" at Easter Road this season.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Hannah Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
An Afghan woman dubbed the "Afghan girl" has been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of fraud for applying for a fake identity card.
The invention of the ShakerScope is one of the great inventions of the 20th Century.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a fire in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans for improvements to the A40 in Oxfordshire have been unveiled by the county council.
Newcastle United have completed the signing of former Feyenoord defender Daryl Janmaat.
Police are searching for the parents of a 14-year-old girl who has gone missing from her home in Greater Manchester.
An 11-year-old girl has been found safe and well after being reported missing in Cleveland.
The vicar of St Mary with All Souls in West Hampstead has accused the Church of England of promoting policies and practices which are discriminatory against LGBTI people.
Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty ahead of Scotland's crucial World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Sunday.
Aberdeen have agreed a deal to sign right-back Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain for an undisclosed fee.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 4-2 in the opening game of their Elite League play-off semi-final.
On the shores of Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, there is a palpable sense of optimism about the city's future.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church in the United States.
A retrospective of works by Henri Matisse has been described as "a masterpiece" by critics ahead of its opening at Tate Modern.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A Leeds United employee has told a tribunal she was suspended from the club because of her relationship with one of the club's football managers.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who tried to stop people blocking the view of others at a concert.
Sam Allardyce is to step down as Crystal Palace manager at the end of the season.
Councillors in Ceredigion are considering the closure of the only remaining residential home for the elderly in the county.
The US space agency's Juno probe has taken its first pictures of Jupiter.
One of Scotland's most famous quotes has been quoted as saying: "Statistics do not tell the whole story."
A Wigan biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire-based construction firm has revealed how £2.3m of donations went towards the collapse of its Zano prototype, the BBC has learned.
Malaysian police say they have foiled a plot by Islamic State (IS) militants to attack a restaurant.
Bulgaria and New York are in the race to become the next United Nations secretary-general.
Italian police say they have foiled an international anti-terrorism operation targeting a Kurdish-Sunni Islamist group.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) officer whose medals were stolen in Lancashire has said he was shocked when his car was burgled.
The 21st winning title in the Irish language, Out Stealing Horses, has been announced by Dublin city librarian Margaret Hayes.
The future of a Leicestershire museum has been put at risk after funding was withdrawn.
Valentine Walcott's injury-time equaliser gave Arsenal victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed inexperience in sub-continent conditions as they lost the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
It's 30 years since the Zeebrugge ferry capsized in the English Channel.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland are helping save hundreds of juvenile bats that have been abandoned because of bad weather.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a London Underground train.
Voters across the UK have voted to leave the European Union.
Three pupils at Londonderry school have been suspended after a small amount of cannabis was found on their property.
Queens Park Rangers ended Leeds United's unbeaten start to the Championship season with victory at Elland Road.
Five men have appeared in court accused of misconduct in relation to the use of a police helicopter in Sheffield.
Microsoft has unveiled its Xbox SmartGlass, a device that allows users to control games on their tablets and smartphones.
The new Scottish Premier League season gets under way on Sunday.
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport have been suspended after a drone was spotted near the airport.
One of Bahrain's most prominent human rights activists, Abdulhadi al-Rajab, has been released after serving more than six years in prison.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to nine points with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
Plans for a public-private consortium to co-ordinate cancer and end of life care in Staffordshire have been put on hold, the BBC understands.
A memorial to Jersey's soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in France.
Exeter Chiefs kept their slim Premiership play-off hopes alive with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A "full and independent review" is to be carried out into allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Burkina Faso reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Democratic Republic of Congo.
An Indian writer-activist has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two planes have collided in the US city of Detroit.
The number of Scots seeking work rose by 15,000 between January and March compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
A woman who was inspired to create a fake snow for Star Wars: The Force Awakens is selling her products to the industry.
The number of mental health patients discharged from hospital in England has fallen for the first time in five years, figures show.
The mother of a schoolgirl with a rare genetic condition has spoken of her relief after a new drug was approved for use on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's pre-season friendly against MK Dons on Saturday has been postponed because of illness.
Tributes have been paid to conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, who has died at the age of 92.
A company has been given a conditional discharge and ordered to pay more than £250,000 after faults were found at homes in Poole and Reading.
If you go to the University of Groningen in Wiltshire in the early hours of the morning, you might notice the graffiti.
The Ulster-Scots language was first spoken in the Republic of Ireland more than 200 years ago.
An 83-year-old Italian woman who went missing in the US state of California has been found safe and well.
The New York City Council has approved a bill that would force topless street performers to work for tips in some areas of Times Square.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a mental health hospital has told the BBC he "wanted to get out of there".
Some private clinics in the UK are not telling women enough about the risks of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed striker Darren Boyce from Coleraine on a 30-month deal.
More people are being encouraged to take up walking and cycling as part of everyday life in Wales.
If you want to be a Republican presidential candidate, you are going to have to talk to a group of Christian voters.
Thousands of people have taken part in this year's Snowdon mountain bike race in Denbighshire.
Conservative MP Sir Kevin Brady has said he is considering whether he breached House of Commons code of conduct rules by using parliamentary facilities for personal or business use.
Shares in China's Weibo, the country's biggest social media platform, have closed at $20.24 (Â£17.24) on the New York Stock Exchange.
It's been an eventful week for the Wheelchair Basketball team!
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow.
The US territory of Guam has been the target of a number of recent threats from North Korea.
A British diver who was due to face trial in Malta over the deaths of two friends has said his "utter nightmare" is over.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, helped by gains in oil firms.
Protesters in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have taken to the streets to protest against new anti-government laws.
Rory McIlroy insists Europe are not a "one man team".
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Online retail giant Amazon has been accused of paying millions of pounds in UK tax by the UK tax authorities.
Every day hundreds of thousands of people are forced to flee their homes across Europe because of the migrant crisis.
It was supposed to be one of the greatest sporting comeback stories of all time.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election to the House of Commons next year.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust is due to hold talks with the club's new owners on Thursday.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a 20-year-old woman by careless driving in Gwynedd.
Wales manager Roy Hodgson says he does not have any doubts about Gareth Bale's patriotism ahead of their Euro 2016 semi-final against England.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has urged Ed Miliband not to "queen his pitch" in the Unite union dispute with Labour leader Ed Miliband.
Theresa May has dismissed reports that she and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker have clashed over Brexit as "bloody difficult".
Dundee have re-signed Livingston midfielder Scott Martin on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a further year.
More than 50,000 jobs could be created by the Circuit of Wales, according to one of the organisers of the project.
Hundreds of jobs could be axed at Southampton City Council.
East Dunbartonshire made it two wins out of two in Scottish League Two this season.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed Wales Under-19 international defender Callum James on loan until the end of the season.
The bodies of a mother and her two-year-old daughter have been found at a house in Bradford.
Hull defender Callum Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The family of a teenage girl whose body was found in a canal have said they are "shocked" her death was not monitored.
Taliban militants have attacked a village in eastern Afghanistan, killing at least 15 civilians, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed to death in south London.
Australian TV presenter Rolf Harris, who has been found guilty of historical child sex abuse, has gone from hero to villain.
The prime minister is due to meet the boss of French carmaker PSA Group to discuss the sale of its Vauxhall and Opel brands.
Scotland's largest salmon producer has reported losses for the first three months of the year.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said he will ask the public spending watchdog to investigate the use of private finance in Northern Ireland.
Scientists in the US say they have found a new insect repellent that can repel mosquitoes in three minutes.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend at a concert in Cardiff.
It's not every day you find yourself being sued by an internet company for using the name Little Mix.
Thousands of homes in Devon have been told to boil their tap water after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms".
In our series of letters from the tech industry, we take a look at some of the big tech stories of the past week.
England cruised to a seven-wicket victory over Pakistan in the first Test at Edgbaston.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland (JCS) has its headquarters in Londonderry.
David Cameron has said a joint US, French and UK resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is still "a work in progress".
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron's private life, has been admitted to hospital in the Turks and Caicos after suffering a heart attack, his publisher has said.
Afghan forces have retaken Sangin district in Helmand province from the Taliban.
Prisoners are being asked to come to an evening to talk about how to deal with contraband being thrown over fences.
Women priests are to be ordained in Wales for the first time, the Church in Wales has announced.
Councillors in the Borders are being urged not to raise objections to the cost of a £2.5m flood defence scheme.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the SDLP has offered the position of justice minister to the Alliance Party.
The search for the crew of a helicopter which crashed in the Republic of Ireland has resumed in Galway.
Hundreds of people have taken part in the world's largest open air music festival.
Britain's all-amputee rowers have become the first team to row an ocean.
An offshore tidal array in Shetland has become the first in the world to generate electricity from the tides and waves.
Carlisle United have re-signed midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season.
Two German men who claim to have discovered a Nazi train buried in the ground in Poland say they have "legally informed" authorities.
Bradford City have offered new deals to six players, including midfielder Mark Darby.
Kate Balshaw, the new director of the Tate Museum in London, says the institution needs to make a "big, big shift" to broaden its audience.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is investigating claims that it hacked the email account of former director John Brennan while he was seeking security clearance.
A team of robots, called the RoboCup, have taken part in this year's Fifa World Cup in Brazil.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Former Major League Soccer star Abby Wambach has been charged with drink-driving in the US state of Oregon.
Spain's Alberto Contador won stage one of the Criterium du Dauphine as Britain's Chris Froome finished second.
Teachers in the UK are spending more time in the classroom than their counterparts in other industrialised countries, according to a report by the OECD.
Relatives of five Malaysians killed by British soldiers in Malaya have lost an appeal against a decision not to set up an independent inquiry.
West Ham have completed the signing of Norway midfielder Anders Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have been forced to cancel a show in Glasgow due to "safety issues".
Many schools in England are failing to meet the requirements of England's school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator.
Tottenham extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points as they came from behind to beat Swansea.
Celtic midfielder Scott Brown says his side have "let themselves down" by failing to produce the results they should be.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid midfielder Jese on a two-year contract.
The political deadlock in Northern Ireland continues to dominate the front pages.
Russia has begun military exercises in the southern military district of the country, amid growing tensions over the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
An Ambulance Service worker who made "offensive and derogatory" comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off.
The Israeli navy has intercepted a boat carrying Palestinian activists in the Gaza Strip, Israeli officials say.
Leaders of Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning on the eve of the general election.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer, mesothelioma, will be able to claim up to £123,000 in compensation, the government has announced.
Bristol City missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a draw at Blackburn.
League Two side MK Dons have re-signed Shrewsbury Town striker Tom Barnett on a one-year deal.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital, Juba, in the next few days.
(Close): Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and Standard Chartered were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Monday.
A 72-year-old man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
The number of people in Wales who identify as having no religion has fallen to its lowest level since 2001, according to the 2011 census.
French Resistance leader Raymond Aubrac, who helped Jean Moulin escape the Gestapo during World War Two, has died at the age of 87.
Police in Nigeria have arrested seven people suspected of committing acts of homosexuality.
Wigan Warriors kept alive their hopes of winning the Super League title by beating Leeds Rhinos at Super League's Magic Weekend.
It is not every day that you hear the word "Milton Keynes Dons".
A number of Scottish councils have pledged to take in Syrian refugees as part of the UK government's response to the crisis, according to Cosla.
Striker Paul Shinnie scored the only goal of the game as Aberdeen came from behind to beat Apollon Limassol in the Europa League first qualifying round.
Police in Canada say they are investigating an incident in which a police helicopter used its loudspeaker to broadcast obscene language.
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a friend to death during a gang fight in Nottingham.
Defending champion Andy Murray survived a spirited fightback from Italian Fabio Fognini to reach the fourth round of Wimbledon.
A man has been arrested in Germany in connection with an attack on a Borussia Dortmund football team bus.
A vigil has been held for the family of a black man who died after being tackled by police.
League One side Gillingham have re-appointed Paul Pennock as manager on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Police in India say they have dropped sedition charges against seven Muslim men arrested during the World Cup final in India.
Israel's defence minister has rejected Turkish claims that the so-called Islamic State (IS) is smuggling oil into the country.
The US Army Corps of Engineers will not grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota, activists say.
An alpaca that was mauled to death by a dog in the New Forest was likely to have put himself between his herd mates and the attack, its owners have said.
The family of a man who died after a bomb attack at a prison in Northern Ireland have said they are "devastated and beyond shock".
A witness at the trial of three men accused of murdering a man outside Tonik nightclub in Aberdeen has told a court he was "shocked" to see his face.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has backed Gareth Southgate to succeed him as England manager.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has lost his appeal against his red card in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Celtic.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term "hipsters" to describe firefighters tackling a blaze in east London on Saturday.
Two men have pleaded guilty to attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club (GCFC) has announced plans for a new stadium in the Sudmeadow area of the city.
An investigation has been launched after members of Britain First visited a south Wales mosque.
Archaeologists in Mosul, Iraq, have released 3D images of artefacts that have been destroyed in the recent conflict in Iraq.
More needs to be done to reduce the number of people drinking alcohol in Wales, according to a new report.
Excavations are under way at the site of one of the world's most famous shipwrecks.
As West Ham prepare to move to a new stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon on Thursday, BBC Radio 4 live football takes a look at some of the local businesses which will be affected by the move.
Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa, Scotland Yard has confirmed.
Palliative care for terminally-ill patients could save the NHS more than £30m a year, according to a report commissioned by Marie Curie.
South Africa sealed a 2-1 series whitewash against England on the final day of the final Test.
Scientists in the US say they have made the most detailed observations yet of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has unveiled a plan to make it a crime to hit or shout at a teacher.
US golfer Lee Allenby says he was robbed at knifepoint at a bar in Hawaii, hours before he was due to fly home.
Aberdeen face a "difficult" challenge when they take on Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden, according to former Dundee United captain Jim Miller.
One of Osama Bin Laden's close associates, Nour al-Bahri, has died, Yemeni officials say.
One of Chile's most active volcanoes, Calbuco, has erupted again, spewing ash and rock into the sky.
The Republican Party in North Carolina has narrowly defeated two candidates associated with the tea party movement in the state's primary election.
The sale of Manchester United season tickets at a college was "chaotic", a BBC investigation has found.
The chief constable of a police force in north Wales has warned it faces a "significant challenge" to save money.
The leader of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, has posted a video in which he threatens to shoot dead a prominent Russian opposition figure.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 1-1 draw in the Elite League play-off semi-final at the SSE Arena on Saturday night.
Russia's state-run Novaya Gazeta newspaper says it will "retreat" journalists who report on human rights abuses in Chechnya.
Actor Harrison Ford has confirmed he is working with Steven Spielberg on a new Star Wars film.
England fast bowler James Anderson became the first player in Test history to take 300 Test wickets for his country.
Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland have announced plans to close 100 branches across the UK by the end of the year.
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has agreed a deal to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drug business for an undisclosed sum.
A poster featuring the words "Independence calls for its bravest man" has been sold at auction for more than £300.
The first round of qualifying for the 2017 FA Cup takes place at Wembley on Saturday, and there are plenty of intriguing stories to follow.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Michael Shatter, has been at the centre of a number of controversies in recent years.
Bristol City defender Gaby Ohene has left the League One club by mutual consent after failing to commit his future to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
An advert for an ultra skinny gym called Fit4Less has been branded "ridiculous" and "offensive" by a charity.
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in the fight against secondary breast cancer.
Chelsea referee Mark Clattenburg has been cleared of making racially abusive comments towards Juan Mata and Juan Ramires.
Gary Neville said he was "thankful for the fans" who turned out to see his Valencia side reach the Copa del Rey final.
It's one of China's most famous folk tales, and it's getting a reboot on Netflix.
Two previously unseen cels of Walt Disney's best-loved film have been sold at auction for more than £10,000.
An Australian man who posted a mugshot of himself on social media in an attempt to track him down has not turned himself in.
Britain's Anthony Joshua will fight Wladimir Klitschko for the WBA, IBF and WBO world heavyweight titles at London's O2 Arena next month, according to promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a man blinded by the setting sun, a court has heard.
Qatar must do more to stop migrant workers being exploited, Amnesty International says in a new report.
Pictures of some of Scotland's canals have been captured using Google Street View technology.
Lenovo has said it is "deeply investigating" complaints that it is installing adware on some of its computers.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016 compared with the previous year, according to official figures.
A 47-year-old man is in a stable condition in hospital following an incident in Glasgow.
Police in the Italian city of Milan say they have arrested four youths suspected of carrying out "brutal" robberies in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
The pilot of a Turkish fighter jet that was shot down by Syrian forces near the Turkish border has been found dead, Turkish officials say.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga says he will take his case to the Supreme Court to challenge the election results.
Kirsty Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in the opening game of their Women's Euro 2017 qualifying campaign.
Playboy magazine has announced that it is shutting down.
Matt Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Macklin in Belfast.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, one of India's richest women, has died at the age of 86.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned the force faces a "devastating" cut in funding.
Wild birds such as the yellow crested cockatoo have become self-sustaining outside their native range, according to a study in Hong Kong.
Libya's defence minister says he will continue his work despite an attempt by gunmen to oust him.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says he will keep a small office in the home of late President Hugo Chavez.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square to celebrate the death of Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has signed a one-year contract extension with the National League club.
Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee, reports BBC Radio Leicester.
Stem cells from the biliary duct could be used to regenerate damaged livers in patients with severe liver failure, scientists say.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £2m a day if they fail to meet agreed broadband service targets.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
At the 60th anniversary of the Mauthausen concentration camp in Bavaria in Germany in 1943, Spain was the only country in the world to escape Nazi rule.
An East Sussex council has been ordered to pay more than £5.1m to traders affected by a ban on the export of live animals.
Livi Town maintained their 100% start to the Scottish League Two season as they beat Stenhousemuir.
A 78-year-old pianist has been reunited with his old bandmates at a care home.
DNA from a 45,000-year-old man has shed new light on the history of human evolution.
Syrian opposition leaders have held an unprecedented meeting in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country.
Clashes between police and Leicester City fans in the centre of the Spanish capital Madrid have been described as "sickening" by witnesses.
Some schools in Wales are using early entry as a way of "gaming" the GCSE exam system, a senior civil servant has said.
Two 13-year-old girls in Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a schoolgirl who was stabbed to death in the woods in 2014.
The last of the Chibok schoolgirls held in captivity in north-eastern Nigeria has been found safe and well, officials say.
A man has died following an incident at a house in Kent.
Toshiba is preparing to file for bankruptcy protection in the US, with the loss of its US nuclear business.
Earth Wind & Fire, one of Motown's best-loved rock bands, came to prominence in the 1970s and 80s.
We don't watch The Great British Bake Off because we don't want it to end.
The new series of Geordie Shore has revealed that the housemates were "more accepting" of bisexual and gay people.
The West Midlands tram network is to return to the streets of Wolverhampton for the first time in more than 50 years.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel will have to wait to see if they can challenge for the world title at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Earthquake struck the Philippines in 2011.
Former Celtic and Chelsea midfielder Ismael Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of driving while disqualified.
North Korea has denied it caused the death of a US student who has been in a coma for more than a year, according to his doctors.
Alastair Cook became the first England player to score a Test century as the second Test against St Kitts and Nevis ended in a draw.
Chris Evans retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over James Ormond in Cardiff.
Protesters have blocked the entrance to the Welsh language society's headquarters in Conwy county in a protest against what they claim is a "crisis" facing the language.
Former United States Secretary of State Colin Thompson has told MPs that he would want to review the tax affairs of footballers.
Nottinghamshire seam bowler Matt Gurney says he is "optimistic" about his future despite the club's relegation from Division Two.
Mebyon Kernow has announced it will not stand in next month's Cornwall Council elections.
Two women have been taken to hospital following a house fire in Dorset.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have attended the funeral of former Northampton Saints rugby league player Chris Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package aimed at curbing protests against the government's labour reforms.
Tributes have been paid to MP Jo Cox, who has been shot dead in Parliament.
More than £500,000 is to be given to the housing rental sector in Wales over the next three years.
Chelsea were held to a goalless draw by Porto in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie.
Monty Python star Mike Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Prince of Wales wrote to Tony Blair urging him to consider a cull of badgers in England, according to newly-released documents.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital following a two-vehicle crash on the M4 in County Armagh.
Russia's Nikolay Karjakin has beaten Sweden's Magnus Carlsen to win the World Chess Championship for the first time.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership has said he is "just a non-party social democrat".
A man is in a critical condition in hospital following a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire.
A pair of otters have been born at a zoo in China where they are being fed live food.
Natural Resources Wales (NRW) broke EU state aid rules when it entered into a deal to sell timber to a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a fungus disease, a report has found.
Plans for a £26.7m revamp of Alexandra Palace have been approved by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at Pittodrie beyond the end of the season.
Donald Trump has said he would be in jail if he won the US presidential election if he were in charge of the law.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton is "frustrated beyond belief" after his side were held to a goalless draw by Rangers at Ibrox.
Severe levels of bacteria have been found in shellfish in a number of areas of Argyll and Bute.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's six-match ban for betting on football has been extended.
A nightclub tycoon has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of his father who was found stabbed to death outside his west London home.
Chinese social media users are praising a man who has set up a retirement home for his retired police dogs.
The husband of a woman who died after being cared for at a Morecambe hospital has told a misconduct hearing there was "no evidence" she knew she was ill.
There has been a "dramatic increase" in the number of leatherback turtles spotted off the Welsh coast, according to conservationists.
An American Airlines plane has caught fire at Miami International Airport in the US state of Florida, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered the finance minister to create a contingency plan in the event of a national emergency.
More than 250 London Underground ticket office jobs are to be axed in a bid to save money.
A man has been charged in connection with a racially aggravated assault on a woman in Milton Keynes.
Johannes Jung is on course to become the first Briton to win the Badminton Horse Trials with victory in the cross-country event.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger."
A former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (Â£120,000) to a children's hospital in Rome, officials say.
Meet Charlie Brown, Snoopy and Woodstock.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Nigeria's presidential candidates, Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan, will go head-to-head in Sunday's elections in Abuja.
Essex director of cricket Lee Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be a "holy grail" for his side.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the importance of the EU referendum.
An eight-week-old corn snake which was found in a van in Bridgend county has been saved by the RSPCA.
Paul John-Lewis scored the only goal of the game as John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in defeat at Exeter City.
Robbie Simpson scored a hat-trick as Exeter eased to victory over Crewe in League Two.
Powidoki Wajda, Poland's best-known film director, has died at the age of 85.
The Independent's website has been infected with malware designed to subvert adverts.
Colombia's Yuliya Ibarguen won gold in the women's long jump at Rio 2016 as she claimed her second gold medal of the Games.
An ancient weir dating back more than 1,000 years has been uncovered by archaeologists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Russia's decision to launch a missile strike on a Shayrat airbase in Syria.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism in London.
A University of East Anglia student has been awarded £50,000 by the British Museum for his discovery of an Anglo-Saxon treasure.
An NHS trust which provides mental health services in Lancashire has been rated "inadequate".
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is hopeful he will be able to add to his squad for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.
Eddie Jones' reign as England head coach began with an emphatic victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to ask for help in finding work after his dad said he could not get a job at Aldi.
The charity Clydeside Action on Asbestos claims Highland Council has turned its back on a pensioner who has been diagnosed with cancer almost always caused by asbestos.
The mayor of Liverpool has outlined plans to make £90m of cuts to council services over the next five years.
Liverpool fans are to have their say on whether safe standing should be introduced at all-seater stadiums in the Premier League.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been jailed for eight months for breaching a community payback order.
Substitute Niall Rowe scored the only goal of the game as Doncaster ended Colchester's unbeaten start to the League Two season.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray are through to the Australian Open semi-finals.
French centrist Emmanuel Macron has announced he will not stand in next year's presidential election, saying he faces a "major and immediate threat" from far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Jumanji film, it has been announced.
England's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Diving Championships.
A man from Northern Ireland has been spared jail after admitting possessing more than 100 indecent images of children.
The basement of a castle in Powis has been transformed into a World War One battlefield museum.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued a warrant for the arrest of an 81-year-old man after he posted a selfie on Facebook.
Belgian prosecutors have named the man who killed two policewomen with a machete in the capital Brussels.
French magistrates have placed UBS's Paris branch under formal investigation over allegations of tax evasion.
More than half of London's families are paying out "poor or very poor value for money" from renting, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of children's social workers in England has more than doubled in the past year, official figures show.
Retailer B&M has reported better-than-expected sales for the first three months of the year as shoppers continue to spend with value retailers.
UK pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) says it is changing the way it patents medicines.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has paid £5.3m to the parents of a six-year-old girl who suffered severe mental health problems due to a delay in her delivery.
One of Britain's most popular quiz show contestants is taking to the airwaves for the first time.
Schools in some parts of England are failing badly, Ofsted has warned.
An independent review into electoral fraud in England and Wales has said it is "very worried".
Oscar-nominated actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson has said he "never wants to have that experience again".
A man has pleaded guilty to culpable homicide following the death of a construction worker in an Edinburgh pub.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side need to focus on the Premier League after suffering a third successive Premier League defeat.
Great Britain claimed their first ever men's 4x200m relay gold at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car at speeds of up to 57mph has been removed from his job.
Four people have been killed in an attack on a police station in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter profits after it paid £560m to settle claims in the US and Europe.
The world premiere of new movie Minions has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he believes President Barack Obama's loyalists are behind a planned increase in defence spending.
More than two-thirds of staff at Queen's University in Belfast believe senior leaders provide "effective leadership", according to a survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to smuggle £20,000 into a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being put at risk by a "toxic" working environment and a lack of mental health support, two charities have said.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news" for Welsh rugby, according to former Wales captain Scott Williams.
Millions of people across the UK have taken part in a series of events over the years to mark the start of Christmas.
The frontman of The Killers has told the BBC he wants to "take on the world".
A teenager who was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) has married his girlfriend.
The leader of Australia's main opposition party has proposed a four-day working week.
Great Britain's Sam Burnell says the decision to strip him of Olympic gold in the men's 10m platform was a "joke".
Glamorgan director of cricket Martin Rudolph has urged his players to "stand up" for Friday's County Championship game against Leicestershire.
US carmaker Ford has reported better-than-expected profits in the first three months of the year, helped by strong performance in Europe.
A man accused of murdering a policeman has told a court he killed the officer because he wanted to "explore some extreme fantasies".
Leeds United have parted company with owner Francesco Cellino by mutual consent.
More than half a million pounds of government funding has been put at risk by an East Sussex council, it has been claimed.
Spain's Socialist leader has lost a confidence vote in the lower house of parliament in a bid to form a new government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players were "gutted" by their defeat by New Zealand in Dunedin.
An ambulance has been involved in a collision with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Polish Football Association president Mateusz Pohorecki has defended the country's participation at the 2020 European Championship.
SNP leader Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson over his absence from the House of Commons over the Syria crisis.
The proposed extension of the Borders Railway is "vital", according to a new report.
A campaign group has welcomed the decision by the British Transport Commission (BRC) to award a contract to extend the Forth Road Bridge.
Elderly people in the UK will soon be able to use smartphones, tablets and tablets without having to rely on a trusted relative or friend.
The Isle of Man Steam-Packet Company has apologised after its vessel collided with the King Edward Pier in Douglas Harbour.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4's This is England '90 for a follow-up to his 1988 film Lol and Woody.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair an independent review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Julius Indongo at Belfast's Hydro.
In the shadow of the Mourne mountains in County Down, a group of Syrian refugees are working hard to repair crumbling stone walls.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fatal fire in Fraserburgh.
Police investigating an attempted kidnap at RAF Marham have issued an e-fit of a man they want to trace.
North Korea has fired a short-range ballistic missile into the sea off the coast of South Korea, South Korean officials say.
A "significant level of complexity" is needed to ensure public confidence in the Scottish government's budget process, Holyrood's finance committee has said.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched a new system that will allow Earth observation satellites to communicate in real time.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with an emphatic victory over Hull FC.
Plans to build 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed by more than a year.
Soldiers in Afghanistan are complaining about the weight of a new body armour system being issued to them.
Rangers have completed the signing of Stoke City striker Josh Gordon on loan until the end of the season.
An elf troupe has been threatened with an airgun and punched in the stomach by a gang of teenagers dressed as them.
A veterans' march which was due to be held in Londonderry earlier this month has been postponed due to opposition from relatives of Bloody Sunday victims.
Jersey's ex-England and Chelsea footballer Paul Le Saux says he still does not believe there are gay footballers in the country.
Archaeologists in Bournemouth have uncovered what they believe to be one of Britain's earliest open hill forts.
A charity which helps people with hearing loss to find work has said it has been "overwhelmed" with demand.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will "never stop a player from leaving, even if it is to a rival".
Scottish Labour and the Scottish Liberal Democrats are set to raise more than £1bn a year if they follow UK government tax plans, according to a new report.
A court in Japan has sentenced former chief executive Kazuyoshi Kikukawa to five years in prison for accounting irregularities that led to the collapse of Fuji TV.
An Egyptian court has postponed the trial of three journalists convicted of spreading false news about the Muslim Brotherhood.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in east London.
Saracens lock George Kruis has been ruled out of England's autumn Test series against Argentina.
Health officials in Burkina Faso have confirmed the first cases of Dengue fever in the country's capital, Ouagadougou.
Plans for a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nottingham Forest have completed the signing of Greece Under-21 international defender Nikos Bouchalakis on a two-year deal.
Dozens of civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike in northern Syria, activists say.
The founder of an arts group in County Londonderry is to receive BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award.
An NHS trust has launched a recruitment drive in a bid to recruit new nurses and people who had left the profession.
A Palestinian man has been killed and another injured in a knife attack on a bus in the occupied West Bank, Israeli officials say.
Floyd Mayweather says he will knock out Conor McGregor "in four rounds" if he wins their super-fight on Saturday.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his tax affairs has come as a huge shock to many people.
Hundreds of people have turned on the Christmas lights at a church damaged by floods.
Seven Iranian nationals have been charged with hacking into the computers of US companies.
Championship side Shrewsbury Town have signed Brighton & Hove Albion teenager Callum Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University has unveiled plans for a major revamp of one of its buildings.
Employers have become the first in the UK to offer automatic access to their state pension pots.
A man has been given a suspended jail sentence for starting a fire which destroyed an arcade and ballroom at a seaside resort.
Fleetwood Town have signed Bristol Rovers winger Alex Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff says she is "confident" that the Olympic Games will be held in Rio de Janeiro next year.
At least seven people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
A police rattle has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of one of Scotland's best-known detectives.
Three nurses at a north Wales hospital have been jailed after admitting falsifying patient records.
A judge in Brazil has temporarily halted construction work on the country's largest hydroelectric dam.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about a decline in the numbers of the UK's Little Tern.
The first pine marten to be relocated to Wales for more than 50 years has given birth.
A drugs mule who was jailed in Peru after being caught trying to smuggle cocaine into the UK has arrived in Scotland.
The pensions minister, Baroness Altmann, is to design a dog for the government's new workplace pension scheme.
A man accused of murdering an 87-year-old woman told police he considered taking his own life, a court has heard.
Dozens of people were evacuated from the Royal Opera House after a fire alarm went off during a performance.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who has died in hospital.
Brendan Foley once said: "If I'm going to be remembered as a stubborn player, I'll chase it."
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has released an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working.
Graeme McDowell missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a final round of three-over-par 73.
Plastic surgeons hope to be the first in the world to use 3D printing to reconstruct human parts.
The uninhabited Indian Ocean islands of Palau lie off the coast of Indonesia.
Napoli extended their lead at the top of Serie A to five points after coming from behind to beat AC Milan.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have been added to the list of original songwriters in the Blurred Lines case, according to Billboard.
China will never close its "open door to the outside world", President Xi Jinping has told US business leaders.
Coca-Cola has been criticised for opening a sugar-free "sweet shop" in Leicester for the first time.
A detective sergeant has been sacked for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who stabbed his children to death at Walworth police station.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in fighting between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip, the UN says.
Great Britain's sporting teams completed their preparations for this summer's Rio Olympics with a record haul of medals.
The rollout of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England has been delayed until the end of next year.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Birmingham.
The first week of campaigning for the general election in Greater Manchester has been dominated by UKIP and the Conservatives.
Wales' biggest water company has launched a new social tariff aimed at helping low-income households pay their bills.
Aston Villa manager Remi Garde is expected to make his first appearance of the season on Saturday.
Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki until the end of the season.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, has called for an investigation into the burial of infants at mother-and-baby homes.
One of the masterminds of the Hatton Garden heist has admitted hiding his stash of stolen jewellery in a cemetery, a court heard.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of "fatbergs" in London's sewers.
Valve, the company behind the Steam virtual reality service, is changing the way games are published on the service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying on the country's intelligence services.
Comedian Jimmy Clifford has denied sexually assaulting a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of India.
Conor McGregor clashed with Floyd Mayweather during a pre-fight press conference ahead of their head-to-head fight.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat during a break-in at his home in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Mark Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's 4x100m relay squad for next month's World Championships in Pyeongchang.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in an explosion at an RAF base has been opened and adjourned.
An 18th Century stone house that inspired the novel The French Lieutenant's Woman is to open to the public for the first time.
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history by beating Leeds United in front of a record crowd at Anfield.
West Ham United will pay up to £2.5m a year in rent for the London 2012 Olympic Stadium, the Information Commissioner's Office has ruled.
The Prince of Wales has described the scale of religious persecution around the world as "beyond all belief".
Schools in England are set to receive an extra £500 per year in funding under plans announced by Education Secretary Nicky Morgan.
In the run-up to the general election, Prime Minister David Cameron announced a number of big tax increases.
When Henry Blofeld joined the commentary box for the first Test between England and West Indies at Lord's in 1998, the first words that came to my mind immediately were: "Henry Blowers is special."
Real Madrid maintained their perfect start to the La Liga season with victory over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's provincial government has become the first in the world to legally recognise Hindu marriages.
Premiership side Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis for an undisclosed fee.
More than 3,000 people have been forced to leave their homes in Guatemala after a volcano erupted, officials say.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that can predict the age of an individual.
A Carmarthenshire woman who lost part of her finger in the Manchester bomb attack may have saved her life by using her mobile phone, her husband has said.
Russia has strongly defended its air strike on a Turkish military base near the Syrian town of al-Bab, saying it was a "total accident".
Plans to reorganise hospitals in Merseyside and Cheshire have been criticised by councillors.
Four crew have been rescued after two diesel vessels ran aground in Dart Harbour.
A woman has died following a fire at a house in Dumfries and Galloway.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains train for more than four hours said they were "trespassed" by police at the station gates.
Four former soldiers have been jailed in connection with a plot to smuggle guns, ammunition and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a nine-year-old girl.
When it comes to cyber-security, small businesses have a huge advantage.
Some members of BHS' Hoover pension scheme in Merthyr Tydfil could lose out on their benefits if the company goes bust.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Londonderry.
A woman has died and two other people have been injured in a two-vehicle crash in East Lothian.
When the UK and the Republic of Ireland reached an agreement on the future of the Irish border after Brexit, there was a lot of talk about a "transparent approach".
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the UK government will use the High Court ruling on Brexit to try to "unrecover the result of the referendum".
A 3D-printed form of cartilage has been developed by US scientists.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by the owner of Humberside Airport.
"On a Monday morning I went to work on the floor of the Capel Court Exchange," says David Haynes.
Crawley Town have re-signed midfielder Bobson Jones on a one-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Liverpool.
Rowing teams from Durham University and Newcastle University have taken part in this year's Durham University Boat Race.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships have entered the English Channel.
Images courtesy of Dronestagram and National Geographic
West Ham have signed striker Nwankwo Emenike from Turkish club Besiktas for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash a cash machine and steal more than £20,000 from a bank.
Great Britain will begin their defence of the World Taekwondo Championship in China on Friday.
Tributes have been paid to a teenage girl who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire.
Sweden's Henrik Stenson shot a five-under-par 66 to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
French prosecutors say they hope to reach the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps on Sunday.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of a US pastor accused of making homophobic remarks on a radio show.
Scarlets wing Liam Williams has been ruled out of Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre with an ankle injury.
Drax Campbell has spent most of his professional career living on his own.
Plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland have been backed by MSPs.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers is to grant extra borrowing powers to Stormont to pay off thousands of civil servants.
Ross County have re-signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a free transfer.
When Maria Sharapova was knocked out of Wimbledon at the semi-final stage by David Beckham, she did not know who she was.
An investigation has been launched into the sexual abuse of two boys at a residential care home.
The Welsh Parliament should be renamed the "Welsh Parliament", the Welsh Government has said.
Alun Cairns has described his first cabinet meeting as "dignified".
Plans for a £1.3bn "creative hub" in Swansea Bay could be put at risk because of a lack of public funding, council leaders have said.
Scientists at Paignton Zoo are studying a new breed of honey bee which has survived a deadly disease.
Plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley have been given the go-ahead by a council.
French police say they have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of Kim Kardashian West.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Muhammad Ali's impact on sport.
Former Leeds Rhinos, Wakefield Trinity and Hull FC scrum-half Matt Smith's rugby league career was a rollercoaster ride.
The parents of two Australian children who were allegedly kidnapped in Lebanon have been released from custody, a Lebanese court has ruled.
Scientists at Cardiff University have developed computer algorithms that can identify cancer cells in a population of previously unseen ones.
Harlequins have re-signed Leinster back rower Ben Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A cab driver who caused the deaths of a grandfather and his wife in a crash in Bedfordshire has been jailed for eight years.
The number of enquiries to buy a house in the UK fell by more than 50% in April compared with the same month last year, according to surveyors.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari says the "days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over, as he vowed to tackle the country's huge debts.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised to his team-mates and the rugby community after he was sent off during Sunday's European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey may have been concealed by a third party, a court has heard.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's 10m platform final at the European Aquatics Championships.
Plans for hundreds of new homes on the site of a former school in Dorset have been unveiled.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after an 18-month battle with cancer.
Malaysian palm oil giant Olam says it buys 99% of its products from third-party suppliers that are responsible for the haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
It is not every day that the shadow Advocate General for Scotland attends a conference in Lhasa.
A large shark has been found washed up on a beach in Dorset.
A long-term pause in global warming is likely to last another 10 years, according to a new analysis.
What do you do when the transfer window is about to close?
A council has been ordered to pay Â£5,000 compensation to a family affected by a landslip which forced them to leave their homes.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Hull.
Facebook has said it is working with law enforcement in England and Wales to remove pages belonging to convicted sex offenders.
Aaron Ramsey scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season as Arsenal beat 10-man Norwich at Carrow Road.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as the club's new elite performance director on a two-year contract.
South Africa would "love" Keaton Jennings to play in the final Test against England, according to former captain Steve Smith.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) have begun investigations into former HBOS senior managers.
NHS Lothian has suspended a member of staff after a woman was contacted on social media by a man who asked her name while she was being treated in hospital.
Philippine troops say they have regained full control of the city of Marawi after months of fierce fighting.
The RMT union has accused Southern rail of "targeted harassment" in its response to the latest strike by the UK's biggest train operator.
Five people have been arrested after a light from a laser pen was used to distract a pilot during a flight from Edinburgh Airport.
A rapist has lost an appeal against his jail sentence for raping a woman in Cardiff.
Darren Godleman and Shiv Thakor have extended their contracts with Derbyshire.
Two Polish police officers have arrived in the town where a Polish man died after being attacked.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, BBC News takes a look at some of the key questions facing expats in the UK.
An athletics club used by the late Mo Farah has been told it cannot use Windsor Great Park as an outdoor training ground.
Rihanna has announced plans to play four more shows at Wembley next year.
Ben Eden scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford thrashed bottom side Leigh Centurions in the opening game of the Super League season.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in a year, new figures show.
Hundreds of protesters have marched through the streets of the African-American city of Ferguson, Missouri.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride parade.
The trial of five Lebanese men accused of the 2005 assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened in The Hague.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius is unlikely to be released from prison in time for his appeal against his conviction for killing his girlfriend.
A 15-year-old boy who was left paralysed from the waist down after falling from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff has told Newsbeat he is "lucky to have survived".
A group of South Sudanese musicians have called on the country's people to forgive each other.
Oscar-winning director Fernando Babenco has died at the age of 83.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed what they say is the world's first "baby robot".
Singer Ed Sheeran has donated his wardrobe to charity.
The head of Tanzania's government's anti-homosexuality department has criticised the government's decision to suspend the activities of some drop-in HIV clinics in Dar es Salaam.
An 81-year-old man has died after falling into the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham & Redbridge.
Six people have been arrested in connection with disorder at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his sister and setting fire to their home.
Two men have been arrested following the death of a man who was hit by a car in Sheffield.
Former St Ives and Newport County striker Jack Washington says he is "lucky" to have qualified for Northern Ireland's Euro 2016 squad.
One of Britain's oldest public halls has reopened to the public for the first time.
A couple have become the first married couple in the world to take part in an all-women triathlon.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed an international arms treaty aimed at curbing the supply of weapons to conflict zones.
The Great Manchester Run has been given the go-ahead by the city council to take place this weekend.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two motorcyclists collided.
Essex fast bowler Steven Harmer says he will probably never take more than 28 wickets in two games again.
A public inquiry into prison education and training is to be launched by the justice secretary.
For many Latin American countries, the removal of the country's democratically elected leader as part of an investigation into corruption and abuse of power is an extraordinary moment.
A group of Dutch students are working together to develop a hydrogen-fueled bus.
A jockey found asleep at the wheel of his car with the engine running and the lights on has been banned from drink driving.
Swansea council has announced plans to demolish a derelict nightclub in the Kingsway and build a new civic centre.
A dog that had its claws "detrimently and traumatically" removed has been found dumped on a road in Kent.
A man has been shot dead in west Belfast.
Sale Sharks forward Vadimobilas will join Bordeaux on a two-year deal from next season, with the option of a further year.
Dundee United have signed Tom Keatings from Hibernian for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
UK mortgage approvals rose at their fastest pace in more than three years in July, according to official figures.
A judge in Pakistan has ordered the husband and father of Shoaib Shahid to appear in court charged with her murder.
Chinese internet giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) digital assistant.
HGV drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the BNP Paribas Open with a straight-set win over France's Pierre-Hugues Herbert.
Nigeria's ex-defence minister Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in the capital, Abuja, charged with fraud.
Police are searching for a father and his three children who went missing on Friday morning.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the German Cup.
Votes are being counted in the general election in Cheshire.
Goalkeeper Alan Forsyth is relishing the opportunity to play against the world's top hockey players at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London.
Drug experts are warning people not to take "superman" pills after the deaths of three people in Suffolk.
Alfred Nobel's Nobel economics prize has been awarded to economics professor Markus Holmstrom and economics professor David Hart.
Temperatures in northern Italy are expected to fall as low as -6C (17F) on Tuesday as the cold snap continues to hit the region.
The European Atomic Energy Agency (AZ) is to carry out a major study of the human genome.
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a major revamp of their main stand at Franklin's Gardens.
It's lambing season in north Wales, with thousands of lambs being born on farms across the country.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in Londonderry.
Bottles of whisky from a ship which was used in the film Whisky Galore have been sold at auction in Scotland.
A police force has been branded "in poor taste" after an image of a police sandcastle was posted on social media.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion across the Baltic states, with some commentators predicting that the UK's exit will be a "victory for Russia".
One of Formula 1's biggest motorsport clubs has shelved its plans to sell its Silverstone circuit.
Two World War Two glider pilots from Gloucester have been described as "immensely brave" by the Jet Age Museum.
Brazilian mining giant Rio Tinto has increased its offer for Riversdale Holdings to 50% of the company's shares.
Opposition parties in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called on the government not to interfere in a referendum on constitutional changes.
Leinster have re-signed Ireland international Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
An investigation into the death of an eight-year-old girl who was hit by a car has been launched by police.
The family of a nine-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer have said they are "devastated" after failing to reach their fundraising target for his cancer treatment.
Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman International in a deal that values the firm at $2.5bn (Â£1.6bn).
The draw for the EFL Cup third round and Scottish League Cup quarter-finals has been announced.
Peterborough United have made their second signing of the summer by bringing in striker Ben Lloyd on a free transfer.
Plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of an industrial park in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the Environment Agency.
Police in the US state of Kansas have charged a man in connection with the fatal shooting of an Indian man and a friend.
Tributes have been paid to TV entertainer Keith Harris at his funeral in Manchester.
Sam Marshall scored a hat-trick of tries as Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Gloucester in the Premiership.
Google has been ordered by a Dutch court to hand over details of people who posted fake reviews on its Google+ social media accounts.
League Two Merstham Town have been drawn away to League One side Portsmouth in the first round of the FA Cup.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at curbing the use of tax-exempt religious organisations.
The mother of a woman who filmed a far-right activist at a white nationalist rally has said she is "incensed and angry" at the abuse she has received.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving at a holiday park.
Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer (MLS) Cup for the first time in their history.
The mother and father of three children killed in the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is interested in North Korea's suggestion of co-hosting the 2018 Winter Games.
A Turkish journalist has been shot dead by a masked gunman outside his home in the capital, Ankara.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to make the county's Guildhall "self sufficient".
Burma's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has said she is "proud" to see Brighton Festival taking shape this year.
When Prince George leaves the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons at the end of this month, he will leave the profession he loves.
The US Senate has voted against ratification of an international treaty on the rights of the disabled.
UKIP's deputy leader has said she has a "concern" that the High Court's decision to delay the triggering of Article 50 is intended to frustrate the process of leaving the EU.
More than 150,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to break the world record for the most children reading aloud.
Spain's Felipe Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as Yamaha team-mate Valentino Rossi finished second.
Author JK Rowling says she is "shocked and saddened" by some of the comments she has received on Twitter.
The death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti may have been caused by physical or psychological pressure, prosecutors say.
A World War I aerodrome has been given listed status by the government.
A man has appeared in court in Londonderry charged with murdering two men.
There has been "strong and improved performance" in Scotland's sheriff and justice courts, according to a new report.
Police Scotland's smallest horse has been given a new name.
A man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a shop in Fife.
Ed Sheeran has pulled out of this year's MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling at a school in eastern Ukraine, as fighting between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian troops intensifies.
The trial of an Irish teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until August.
A group of farmers who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme have called on the Economy Minister, Arlene Foster, not to publish their names.
Universities at Ulster University (UU) have warned that Brexit could lead to the withdrawal of EU students from Northern Ireland.
Hull City have signed Uruguay international striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £8m.
Big Ben is to be celebrated on the same day as Victory in Europe Day, according to a YouGov poll.
A new species of wombat has been born at an Australian nature reserve.
New Zealand head coach Steve McNamara says he is "in no rush" to sign a new contract with the national side following Saturday's series defeat.
An Australian man has been found guilty of a series of sex crimes, including the rape of a woman in Melbourne.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a memorial service for Princess Diana at her former home.
Softbank's £24.3bn takeover of British chipmaker ARM is an example of the City "don't back the UK" attitude towards the UK economy, Lord Myners has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named as the BBC's Sound of 2017.
An animal park in Ontario has been charged with animal cruelty over the care of a peacock and guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies are through to the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Premier League.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi ddaeth i'r amlwg fod y pecyn amheus ei osod ym Manceinion nos Lun.
The owner of a Birmingham-based holiday booking company has said it has become "impossible to cope and sustain the business".
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the coast of Tuscany in 2013, is due to appeal against his sentence.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland remains part of the EU single market.
Lebanon's Gendarmerie says it has foiled an attempt to smuggle hundreds of thousands of amphetamine pills into the country.
Mexican drug lord, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, has finally been extradited to the United States.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the first evidence of prehistoric people living 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Sunday's Premier League game with Chelsea.
Scientists say they have found a new type of dinosaur, called T. Rex.
Sunderland and England footballer Adam Johnson has pleaded not guilty to sexual activity with a child under 16.
Workers on the South Western rail service say they have been refused a guarantee that a second member of staff will be on board its trains.
One of the world's largest dinosaurs, Savannasaurus elliottorum, travelled to Australia 95 million years ago because of changes in the global climate.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has said he is prepared to move thousands of jobs out of London if the UK leaves the European Union.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say they have arrested a man in connection with rioting at a Hindu temple in Jammu.
The High Court has cleared the way for the next stage of a legal action against Lib Dem MP Alistair Carmichael.
A group of Braille paving stones in Hull have been branded "gobbledygook" by a blind and partially sighted teacher.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to have any chance of winning the world title.
The PC version of Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed.
League Two side Barnsley have re-signed Ryan Rothwell and Danny Maguire following the expiry of their contracts with Rotherham United.
GPs and psychotherapists in the UK will no longer be able to refer patients for gay conversion therapy, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
One of the world's leading cybercriminals has told the BBC he was tricked into handing over heroin to the police.
An NHS trust that runs two of the UK's biggest hospitals has been told it must make "significant improvements" to improve patient safety.
Salmon exports to South Korea surged in the first three months of the year, according to the Food and Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
Olympic double sculls silver medallist Sarah Grainger says she is grateful to her parents for giving her the first ever black belt in karate.
Dozens of pilot whales have died after stranding on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of stabbing his ex-partner to death told police her temper changed just before she had her period, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have re-signed West Bromwich Albion striker Emmanuel-Thomas on loan until the end of the season.
In the wake of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal, many people have been wondering what's the most surprising use for solariums in Northern Ireland.
Tyrrell Hatton's Scottish Open victory at Royal Troon earned him more than £500,000 on the European Tour.
England's four-wicket win over Pakistan in the second Test was "as good a four-day cricket as I've ever seen", says former captain Michael Vaughan.
Kilmarnock have re-signed defender Jamie Hamill from Hearts.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win 100 Ski Slalom World Cup races.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests" to open visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and create a border-free zone from Iraq, Iran and Syria to the English Channel, Michael Gove has said.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has broken down the number of new cars sold in the UK and Spain affected by the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's hotly contested presidential and legislative elections.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned for four matches by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's A&E department is struggling to cope with an unprecedented level of pressure.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle boss Derek Rodgers has been nominated for the Scottish Premiership manager of the year award.
The first woman to be ordained a bishop in the Church in Wales has said it was "hugely important" for women to have equal opportunities in the church.
Former paramilitaries who suffered serious injuries during the Troubles should be entitled to a special pension, the BBC has learned.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to life in prison for shooting dead two men outside Jewish sites.
Norwich City have agreed a deal to sign Latics defender Marcel Dijks for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he will miss Anglesey "terribly" when his search and rescue tour of duty comes to an end next month.
Stephen Dobbie scored the only goal of the game as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
An inquest into the death of a man who was Tasered by North Wales Police has found the force was "necessary and appropriate".
A man has been arrested in Washington on suspicion of murdering four members of the Savvas Savopoulos family and setting fire to their home.
Disney's Beauty and the Beast remake has been approved by Malaysia's censorship board.
The body of a man has been recovered from the sea off the Vale of Glamorgan coast.
Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says he takes allegations of abuse against asylum seekers "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for dozens of officials involved in the 2009 fire at a nursery in the city of Hermosillo.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a Yorkshire schoolgirl more than 50 years ago.
When it comes to finding the cheapest hotel in the world, it can be hard to come up with an ideal solution.
Iker Casillas and Cesc Fabregas have been recalled to the Spain squad by manager Julen Lopetegui.
Author Anupam Mukherjee has been shortlisted for this year's Booker Prize for fiction for the first time.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to turn out for the Tomatina Tomato Festival in Dorset this weekend.
A young mako shark which jumped 15ft off the back of a fishing boat off the Ceredigion coast has been rescued by a team of four divers.
One of the UK's most famous gorillas has performed a "dance" at a zoo.
When we first arrived at a hotel in the Belgian city of Ghent we were told to stay inside.
A shortage of nurses and midwives in Scotland is leading to a "perfect storm" for patient care, according to a nursing union.
A World Cup anthem sung by England footballers during the Falklands War has been re-recorded.
Some of the world's largest printers have been targeted by a hacker in an attempt to hijack them.
A teenage boy has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a man in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield boosted their National League play-off hopes with victory at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said he will "get his soapbox out any day of the week" if plans for TV pre-election debates go ahead.
The final phase of the demolition of the "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has been completed.
President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi of Egypt has been sworn in for a second term in office.
Gianfranco Zola's reign as Barnsley manager came to an end with a draw against 10-man Birmingham City.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data gathered from its online courses to help identify students who may be struggling.
Women's Super League One leaders Birmingham City were held to a goalless draw by Nottingham Forest.
The number of people arrested in the US for illegally entering the country more than doubled in the first three months of the year.
Australian cricketer Chris Gayle has been banned from the Big Bash League for "blushing" during an interview on air.
A Brazilian man has been arrested in Rome after trying to smuggle cocaine into the Italian capital in a pair of trainers.
The US and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the eastern province of Wardak, officials say.
Universities have "nothing to lose" in the wake of the EU referendum, Wales' education secretary has said.
Milk in India is one of the world's best-known dairy products.
A Doonhamers concert has been cancelled due to a lack of ticket sales.
Captain Sir Ben Ainslie led Team New Zealand to victory over Oracle Team Oracle Team USA in the America's Cup final in San Francisco.
Angel Rangel says Manchester City are looking like the best team in the UK under Pep Guardiola.
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah-Jane Perry will meet in Sunday's British Open final at Alexandra Palace.
Nine former staff at a Londonderry construction firm are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Highland Royal Infirmary has reopened to the public following an outbreak of norovirus.
Photographs showing the "horrific" conditions faced by hundreds of thousands of homeless people in the 1970s and 80s are to go on display.
Two men have been charged over the death of a teenager who was hit by a car.
The Condor Express ferry which capsized off the coast of Guernsey last month has returned to service.
A hotel worker has been given a suspended prison sentence following the death of a cat which defecated in his kitchen.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to cross-Channel services.
Team Sky are being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad) and the UCI over the use of banned drugs, the BBC has learned.
The owner of a stolen cat has been cleared of stealing it.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" in the way he speaks, according to University of Manchester researchers.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says the proposed merger of Racing 92 and Stade Francais is a "huge shock".
Emoji flags are to be made available on laptops, tablets, smartphones and tablets by the end of the year.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday following the vote to leave the European Union.
Bullying towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) children is on the increase in Scotland, according to a report by a committee of MSPs.
Scots Gaelic has been used in an email scam on the Isle of Lewis.
League One side Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player Ben Davies on a two-year contract.
Three vehicles have been involved in a crash in Dumfries and Galloway.
Coventry City are in talks with Rugby Borough Council about a possible new home for the club, the council has said.
Glamorgan director of cricket Mark Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department if they are to avoid relegation from the County Championship.
Leicester hooker Alun Wyn Jones says he has no regrets about missing out on England's summer tour because of a back injury.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the season as they were comprehensively beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne.
The home secretary has said it is "too early" to say whether a commitment to cut net migration to the tens of thousands will be included in the Conservative manifesto.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 11 points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make the United Kingdom work for all our nations.
A blood test which could help diagnose early-stage Alzheimer's disease has been described as "exciting" by researchers.
It's the world's largest cruise ship.
Wales duo Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand have joined Reading on loan until the end of the season.
A campaign has been launched to save Skegness's Jolly Fisherman from extinction.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he is "delighted" that he has been granted Russian citizenship.
Defending champion Laura Noppert is through to the semi-finals of the Women's British Open, while defending champion Heather Waites is out.
Swansea City's search for a new manager is on hold until the end of the season following the sacking of Gary Rowett, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Dundee have appointed former St Mirren boss Neil McCann as their new manager on a two-year contract.
Two Grade II-listed swimming pools in the West Midlands have been listed as World Monument Watch sites by the World Monuments Fund.
A chronology of key events and key events:
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt" for his job as a refereeing junket at the Champions League final.
One of the world's largest corms has begun to flower at an Edinburgh garden.
The number of under-18s being referred for help with gender identity issues has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
Bolivian President Evo Morales and his supporters have won a referendum on constitutional changes.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed former Fulham midfielder Richard Gormley on a season-long loan deal.
Five riders were disqualified from Sunday's Criterium du Dauphine because they were caught by a speeding train.
Seismic observers in the US state of Washington have recorded a series of seismic events during a football game.
Fifa's decision to end its association with world football's governing body after the US Department of Justice said it was investigating allegations of corruption is "disastrous" for the world governing body.
England have been accused of "terribly illegally" scrummaging during their Six Nations game against Wales at Twickenham.
A man accused of punching two guests at a wedding told a court he thought he was going to attack them.
British MotoGP rider Michael Schumacher has become the first British rider to win two races on the same day at the same time.
Nato forces in Afghanistan say they have freed more than 100 Taliban prisoners during an operation in Helmand province.
Indonesia is one of Asia's fastest-growing economies and one of the world's fastest growing economies.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales as it tries to win more shoppers by scrapping multi-buy promotions.
A new genetic test has been developed by the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire kept alive their hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
The Sri Lankan army has released new photographs of a seven-year-old boy it says was killed in a battle with Tamil Tiger militants in 2009.
Bayern Munich came from behind to beat Manchester City and reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
A "drunken slob" has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering two women.
It is one of the greatest sports stories of all time.
An NHS trust which was placed in special measures three years ago has improved after an inspection.
Bombay House is one of India's most recognisable buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna boss Pedro Sanchez has left the Spanish club by mutual consent.
Bill Cosby, the US comedian who has been accused of sexual assault, is returning a $10m (Â£6m) donation to a women's college, his lawyers say.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki beat American Sloane Stephens in straight sets to reach the final of the Rogers Cup.
A woman who died after a lorry crashed into her flat in North Ayrshire has been named by police.
Three teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a riot in Carmarthenshire left hundreds of people "terrified".
Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Aintree.
The Indian government has proposed a law that would make it illegal to create and distribute "unsanctioned" maps of the country.
World number one Rory McIlroy is one shot off the lead heading into the final round of the Tour Championship in Dubai.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) needs to raise more than £500,000 to buy a 17th Century African slave portrait.
Public hearings into allegations of historical child abuse against Lord Janner have been postponed.
Voting is under way in local council and mayoral elections across England.
Israeli security forces have dismantled a key entrance to the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem, in an escalation of the Israeli-Palestinian dispute.
An eight-year-old girl who went missing while visiting a monument in India has been found safe and well.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park in Bath have renewed their appeal for information.
Two new "emergency areas" are to be installed on the M4 and M5 to ease congestion on the motorway.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for levels of radon gas.
Aberdeen City Council has announced a series of cuts to services in the town.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley both hit centuries as Essex dominated day two against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge as part of cost-cutting measures.
Two police forces failed to spot a driver travelling in the wrong direction in Leicestershire, an inquest has heard.
Linfield reached the second qualifying round of the Champions League for the first time with a goalless draw against La Fiorita.
All proposed marine protected areas in Wales are to be scrapped, the environment minister has said.
Midfielder Paddy McNulty has left MK Dons by mutual consent.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
There are a "billion to one" chances that DNA belonging to one of two men accused of murdering a Sun newspaper journalist could have been found, a court has heard.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Dumfries and Galloway for one of Scotland's biggest music festivals.
The number of women becoming nuns in the UK has "turned a corner", the Catholic Church has said.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
The husband of a British woman held in Iran for five years has accused the Iranian authorities of trying to frame him as a spy.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time with a 4-0 victory over non-league Chesham United.
A man who was wrongly convicted of murdering a newspaper editor in Derbyshire in 1973 may have been murdered by strangulation, a coroner has said.
A police officer who Tasered and killed a woman in a hostel told an inquest she had no doubts the killer did not like police.
The former head of the Organisation of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has hit back at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over his declaration of a state of emergency.
Plans to close a fire station in West Berkshire have been put on hold after a public consultation.
If you are a Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged over the death of a 15-year-old girl who was taken to hospital after taking a new psychoactive substance.
An Australian man has scooped a New Zealand$1m ($1.3m; £1.1m) Bonus Bonds prize, according to local media.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed striker Ben Davies on a two-year contract.
Commodities trader Noble has warned that falling coal prices will have an "unprecedented impact" on its profits this year.
South African police have replaced Det Hilton Botha in the case of Oscar Pistorius, who has been charged with premeditated murder.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, Kirsty Williams, is due to make her first appearance in the Welsh Assembly for five years.
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has urged other Nato members not to cut their spending on defence.
Eight people have been arrested in Iran as part of an investigation into the use of photo-sharing sites such as Instagram and Facebook, officials say.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won the fourth stage of the Women's Tour as Marianne Vos retained the overall lead.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Manchester.
The owner of a pit bull seized in Cornwall has launched a late appeal against a destruction order against the animal's owner.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best film at the Hong Kong International Film Festival.
Emma Pooley is set to compete for Great Britain in the time trial at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a dog walker by dangerous driving.
A British backpacker has said he was "disgraced" when he was questioned twice by Thames Valley Police for having wires hanging out of his bag.
Portugal has become the first country in the world to allow descendants of Sephardic Jews to apply for a passport.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in her first official engagement outside Scotland.
Portsmouth secured their place in the League Two play-offs with a hard-fought victory over AFC Wimbledon.
The number of homicide cases in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 1976, according to new figures.
Super League's top two will meet in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history.
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK, according to a new report.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton won the Italian Grand Prix for the second year in a row to move into second place in the championship.
Two-time Paralympic champion Shaun Whitehead's 40 marathons in 40 days have gone on display at the National Para-athletics Centre in London.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have held their first Prime Minister's Questions at Downing Street.
Hundreds of crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province in the wake of devastating floods, local media report.
US tycoon Donald Trump has threatened to sue the Scottish government over plans for an offshore wind farm near his Aberdeenshire golf resort.
The drop-off and pick-up point for coaches in Conwy could be widened in a bid to cut road safety risks.
Ulster Bank customers are being urged to check their credit card and debit card accounts on Friday after the bank said it had fixed a problem with its computer system.
A German man detained over the Berlin truck attack last week has been released pending further investigation.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says he would be "confident" of reaching the Championship play-off final for the third time in his career.
The directors of an arts organisation in Argyll and Bute are to be made redundant due to funding restrictions.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (Â£770m) trust fund to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
UK electricity prices could rise by up to 4% under a more balanced mix of wind and solar power, according to a new report.
When the junior doctor contract first came into force in 1948, senior doctors in England said they had "stuffed their mouths with gold".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man who was hit by a van in Leicester.
Sam Burgess scored a hat-trick of tries as Bath came from behind to beat London Irish at the Madejski Stadium.
A signed contract signed by the Beatles' manager John Lennon and manager George Epstein has sold at auction in New York for more than £500,000.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv have spoken of their shock at the news that Palestinian militants are now within the firing range of certain rockets.
An eight-year-old Canadian boy has complained to Air Canada about an overbooking problem.
Young people in Northern Ireland are more satisfied with their lives than any other part of the UK.
The number of flights taking off and landing in UK airspace is set to hit record levels this summer, the government has claimed.
The disappearance of Reddit's warrant canary could be a cause for alarm in the US, privacy advocates have said.
Thousands of selfies have been sent in to a village in India's northern state of Haryana for the first time.
Police in Kenya have released CCTV footage showing soldiers apparently looting items from the Westgate shopping centre in the capital Nairobi.
Clean-up work is under way to clear debris from beaches affected by flooding in the North East.
A death has been confirmed at a nursing home in Carmarthenshire following an outbreak of flu.
Flash Gordon actor David Blessed has told how he helped save a woman's life when she was in labour.
A cancer surgeon accused of carrying out a series of attacks on patients has told a jury he was "on the road to developing breast cancer".
A team of scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles have set off on a mission to break the world's longest sea ice barrier.
US search giant Google has reported a net profit of $1.9bn (Â£1.6bn) for the three months to the end of September, boosted by an increase in online advertising.
Jazz Senga won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Royal Ascot for the second year in a row, despite a fall from the saddle at Tivoli.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's demolition of its territorial claims in the South China Sea.
A Glasgow University graduate student is studying facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been taken over by a consortium led by Dunkin' Brands owner Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May may be able to call an early general election if other parties do not support it.
More than 100 people have been forced to leave their homes in Oxfordshire after a series of arson attacks on council offices.
The cost of using private ambulances to respond to 999 calls has more than doubled in the past year, figures obtained by BBC South East show.
Liverpool cruised into the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win over Burton Albion.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 against India because of a hamstring injury.
Ipswich Town captain James Taylor says he has no intention of leaving the club, despite being asked to clean his boots by a youngster.
Detectives investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace.
National League side Gateshead have extended the loan spell of Newcastle United midfielder Josh Atkinson until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" news reports that Russian hackers tried to help him win the election.
Investors in Portugal have reacted with alarm after the country's centre-right coalition government collapsed.
Olympic snowboard cross silver medallist Hannah Potter says she still has a year to go before she qualifies for the 2018 Winter Games.
Five men who carried out an armed robbery at a flat in Fife have been jailed for eight years.
League One side Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on loan until the end of the season.
"I'm the son of John Toshack and I want to be his own man."
Poorer young people are more likely to be involved in violent crime than their better-off counterparts, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of the "brutal" murder of his ex-girlfriend.
Jousting is not something that you would expect to find on a regular basis, but that is exactly what Jason Jones does.
An outbreak of E. coli is believed to have been linked to sprouted seeds sold by an Ipswich-based firm.
It would be "unusual and unwelcome" for a council to advise bidders on how to improve fertility services in Hartlepool, a council has said.
The M42 has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a fatal crash involving a car.
A woman accused of grooming footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he cheated on her with "quite a few" other women.
Huge swathes of Britain are now doing worse than their parents' generation as a result of social and economic inequality, according to a government report.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's test of a ballistic missile on Monday, saying it was a violation of a UN Security Council resolution.
People on the East Coast Main Line will be able to catch live updates of improvements being carried out on the route this Easter.
Wales' Andrew Selby will defend his IBF featherweight title in Cardiff on Saturday, 12 March.
Glasgow were knocked out of the European Champions Cup by Northampton at Scotstoun on Saturday.
Match reports for the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Sheffield United extended their lead at the top of League One to five points with victory at fellow strugglers Chesterfield.
Wales' place-names have been used in a number of research projects over the years, from the site of a massacre between feuding Welsh princes to the discovery of a previously-undiscovered site.
Labour has launched its Welsh general election campaign with five pledges: the living wage, the bedroom tax and helping people live in safer communities.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympics, including four in the women's single sculls.
An independent review is to be carried out into how the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of historical child sex abuse in England and Wales.
Japanese author Yoko Yanagihara and American author James McCarthy have been shortlisted for this year's Man Booker Prize.
A senior clergyman has resigned from his position as a chaplain following the reading of a verse from the Koran in a Scottish cathedral.
One of Norway's most notorious mass murderers has complained in a leaked document about his conditions at a maximum security prison.
Phil Mickelson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Sources close to Jeremy Corbyn and the Unite union have insisted that they did not leak the Labour Party's election manifesto.
A drug designed to treat Alzheimer's disease may be on the horizon, according to scientists who have carried out the first phase of clinical trials.
Northern Ireland's Attorney General John Larkin has gone "too far", Sinn Féin MLA Michael McCann has said.
A former reality TV star has admitted attacking a woman at a Glasgow supermarket after she criticised his work.
Atletico Madrid clinched the La Liga title with victory over Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
The site of the Beatrice Offshore Windfarm will be used as part of a multi-million pound offshore wind farm project.
A man has been jailed in Lapland for the murder of his long-term partner.
Tributes have been paid to one of Swansea's pioneering scientists who helped the Allies in World War Two.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been sharing his photographs on social media for the first time.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be planted in the UK.
More than 100 Afghan police officers have been freed from their positions at a base held by the Taliban, officials say.
Wales' traditional folk music is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year.
There has been an increase in the number of patients being discharged from hospital in Wales, according to a new report.
Former Swansea City boss Steve McClaren is set to join Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The United Nations says it has rescued 36 Yazidi Yazidis who were held captive by so-called Islamic State (IS).
Police in the Spanish region of Catalonia have detained five women in connection with a flashmob in which people pretended to be paparazzi.
Who are the best football teams of all time?
Rescue workers in Nepal are searching for survivors after a powerful earthquake hit the country.
The chief executive of one of Wales' biggest community health bodies has been suspended over concerns about media coverage.
The Knights of Malta celebrate the 900th anniversary of the founding of the monastic order by Pope Benedict XVI in Rome.
Carol Carr, the actress who played Liesl in Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 85.
A 27-year-old man has been sentenced to five years in prison in the US for hacking into the servers of so-called Islamic State (IS).
How do you predict the final two races of the Formula 1 season?
Surrey's chief constable Sally Owens had "lost confidence" in her ability to deal with concerns about child protection in the months leading up to her appointment, documents reveal.
An outbreak of norovirus at a Cumbrian hospital is being treated as unexplained, a hospital trust has said.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Rhys North says he is determined to keep scoring tries for his country.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been released.
Strike action by Caledonian MacBrayne staff in a dispute over a new contract has been called off.
Captain Joe Root says England have a "point to prove" as they prepare to face Sri Lanka in the semi-finals of the World Twenty20.
At least 104 people are now known to have been killed in floods in northern Thailand, officials say.
German police say they have arrested four Algerian men suspected of planning to carry out an attack in Berlin and other cities.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been charged by the Football Association for breaching betting rules.
A 21-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State.
Blackpool chairman David Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a supporter who claimed he was threatened with a gun by the club's chairman.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
The administrators of an Aberdeen hotel have put it up for sale.
Andre Ward will defend his IBF and WBA light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
Planned cuts to legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk harming a system of fair justice, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's inner circle has died at the age of 93.
Ospreys kept alive their hopes of a Pro12 play-off spot with a bonus-point win over Ulster.
An investigation is under way into an underground fire at one of the UK's deepest coal mines.
A woman has told a court she felt "dirty and ashamed" when she told police she had been sexually abused as a child.
Glamorgan remain in contention for a place in the quarter-finals of the One-Day Cup as they host Essex in Cardiff on Saturday.
Three of the UK's most senior cabinet ministers have travelled to the US and Australia in a bid to secure a free trade deal with the EU after Brexit.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned following reports of a knife attack.
Police are treating the discovery of a man's body in a drain as "suspicious".
On the outskirts of Donetsk there was an eerie silence.
Cardiff Devils are "not the bad guys" for having to play two games in a row the night before the Challenge Cup final, says head coach Steve Kelman.
Rock star Stevie Collins has been forced to postpone two of his UK tour dates because of a cut on his eye.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a knife attack.
World Snooker players have voted in favour of the Shoot Out Championship being counted as a ranking event.
Olympic dressage champion Lizzie Dujardin will compete in the Olympia Puissance high-jump competition at London's O2 Arena on Wednesday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury for trainer Frankie Dettori.
It has been a year since the Ayotzinapa University students went missing.
The director of the National Theatre, Peter Norris, has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the theatre.
Michael Dunlop produced the fastest Superbike speed of the week at the Isle of Man TT qualifying session on Thursday evening.
It is a picture perfect picture of the Yorkshire Dales surrounded by lush greenery and wildflowers.
More than 70 jobs have been lost at an Aberdeen-based restaurant chain.
Drugs with an estimated street value of up to £4.5m have been seized during an investigation into an organised crime gang in Newport.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a student by dangerous driving.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract which would see them get extra payments for working outside their normal working hours.
An investigation has been launched into the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Devon and Cornwall.
Volkswagen has been ordered by a court in the German city of Braunschweig to halt production at two of its plants because of a dispute with two suppliers.
Young people's bus passes are to be offered by the Liberal Democrats, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has announced.
Jos Buttler hit a career-best 116 as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced by the European Commission and the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
Doctors, nurses and care homes across the UK are preparing for a festive feast on Christmas Day.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace in final practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Pirelli introduced a soft tyre.
The family of an Iraq director who was found dead at a London airport have said they are "deeply sceptical" about initial reports.
Olympic silver medallist Emily Scarratt has been ruled out for the rest of the Women's Six Nations with an ankle injury.
A former BBC Radio Leicester DJ was "wholly obsessed" with having sex with an underage girl, a court has heard.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead over Alberto Contador in the Criterium du Dauphine after Richie Porte won stage two.
Joe Cardle scored a hat-trick as Dunfermline beat Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.
A booklet has been launched by the Electoral Commission urging people not on the electoral register to register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten Glacier in the south-east of the Antarctic continent could lose up to 1.5m of sea-level rise if it continues to shrink, scientists say.
When Richard Nixon announced that he had fired the head of the FBI in the wake of the 1973 presidential election, the reaction was swift and furious.
Workers at an offshore drilling company have claimed they were exposed to radioactive material for hours at a time.
A man has been jailed after being found guilty of the manslaughter of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 28 migrants have died after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Briton Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are still waiting for justice.
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka was abandoned at The Oval because of rain.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Priddle takes a look at some of the issues surrounding devolution.
AFC Wimbledon say they are investigating an "unacceptable" comment made by former MK Dons boss Mark Robinson during their 2-2 draw with Charlton Athletic.
Hibernian cruised into the second round of the Scottish Challenge Cup with an emphatic victory over Bonnyrigg.
Scotland have called up South African fly-half Sam Jones on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The first woman bishop in the Church of England has been consecrated at a ceremony in York.
Nottinghamshire pace bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, according to the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) director of cricket Dean Read.
The Queen of Sealand has died at the age of 90 after a long battle with pirates.
One of the UK's biggest orchestras has won a legal battle with a German music group.
Plans to introduce a multiplication check for 11-year-olds on school times tables are "an issue of policy", Education Secretary Nick Gibb has said.
US President Barack Obama has launched a "full investigation" into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan that killed at least 12 people on Saturday.
Crusaders have completed the signing of former Londonderry Rovers full-back David McChrystal on a two-year deal.
Nico Dedel, from the village of Rio Trairao in north-eastern Brazil, remembers how his family used to extract oil from the trees he grew up on.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 game against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead striker James Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club.
More than 100,000 copies of a video game are believed to have been stolen from a warehouse in London.
MSPs have given their support to a bill which would allow same-sex couples in Scotland to marry in civil partnerships.
More than £100,000 has been stolen from the TalkTalk network in India, according to three whistleblowers.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" following an inspection.
Two-thirds of the sluggish growth in the Scottish economy is down to the downturn in the oil and gas industry, according to the Scottish government.
An Edinburgh woman has become the first woman in the UK to be able to have a child after doctors re-implanted her ovary following cancer treatment.
Nick Yarris, who spent 22 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania, has spoken for the first time about his ordeal.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric to reach the quarter-finals of the Marseille Open.
There's a lot of debate going on in the House of Commons this week - but there's also a lot more to watch out for.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force needs more officers.
If you want to know what it is like to be a Swansea City fan, ask Curt Curtis.
Emre Can scored the winning goal at Vicarage Road as Liverpool secured their first Premier League win of the season.
The first clinical trial of type-1 diabetes is to be carried out in Scotland.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised more than $2bn (Â£1.3bn) in its first round of funding from angel investors.
The government has rejected a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the formal process of leaving the EU without the approval of Parliament.
Greece's far-right Golden Dawn party is being investigated by police over an alleged attack on an MP in December.
Dundee-based Alliance Trust is to cut costs by 20% as part of an overhaul of its management structure.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a study suggests.
Chris Froome says he "completely understands why people feel let down" by the way Team Sky handled an anti-doping investigation.
Hundreds of people have marched through Liverpool city centre to demand the city council set a legal budget.
A north-west London school is to close its A-level sixth form after the government agreed to stop providing post-16 education.
England captain Dylan Hartley insists he will not be distracted by the prospect of being selected for the British and Irish Lions.
Scientists have stitched a protein on to the hearts of people who have suffered a heart attack.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says midfielder Peter Whittingham could sign a new contract before the FA Cup.
This year's Royal Albert Hall's Proms - the world's biggest concert hall - is packed with musicians from around the world.
Former US President Barack Obama will visit Ireland when he leaves the White House in January, the Irish ambassador to the Republic of Ireland has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" of playing at the top of the Premier League, after the France midfielder posted an emoji on social media.
Women in Northern Ireland are being offered the chance to have their hair cut off as part of a clinical trial in ovarian cancer.
Gordon Strachan insists there is "no getting away" from Scotland's crucial World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
The earliest known evidence of human occupation of the Americas came about 130,000 years earlier than previously thought, according to a new study.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce will make his debut for a non-league club on Saturday.
The United Nations has warned President Donald Trump it would be "impossible" for the organisation to continue its peacekeeping operations.
Detectives investigating the death of a man in Dumfries and Galloway are trying to piece together his last known movements.
Most children in England do not have the freedom to go out alone in their local neighbourhoods without supervision, according to a new study.
Six Essex Police officers have been placed on special measures after a man's fingers were severed in a toilet incident.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a hard-fought win at Firhill.
More than £3.9bn in unpaid child maintenance arrears will not be recovered, the government has said.
Comedian Russell Brand has been criticised on social media after deleting the phone number of a Daily Mirror reporter.
The Israeli general election campaign has been one of the longest in the country's history.
Aberdeen and Kilmarnock are the latest Scottish football clubs to benefit from a significant reduction in their bank debt.
A Chinese appeals court has reduced the prison sentence of a prominent investigative journalist convicted of leaking state secrets.
The number of adult mental health patients placed out of care in Cornwall should be cut by 2020/21, a coroner has said.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his job is the "most interesting job in world football".
The amount of plastic bottles dumped on beaches in the UK has risen to its highest level for five years, a survey has found.
Portsmouth defender Ben Whatmough has signed a one-year contract extension with the League Two club.
James Graham has revealed he is working on a TV drama in the run-up to the EU referendum.
The latest edition of Celebrity Big Brother drew an average audience of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, figures show.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
British Prime Minister David Cameron is expected to announce his intention to seek re-election in May's general election.
The world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have reached a settlement over the Rio de Janeiro dam disaster.
Boeing has unveiled a new design of baggage bins designed to reduce the amount of legroom for taller passengers.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
A 39-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual offences against children, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Tom Latham and Mark Steel both hit centuries as Durham's batsmen struggled on day one against Nottinghamshire.
Bradford City have completed the loan signings of striker Jack Pritchard and midfielder James Jones, both on season-long loan deals.
There has been a big rise in the value of the pound in the wake of the EU referendum result.
Two police officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in Londonderry have been ordered to be named.
An independent review is to be carried out following the death of a baby at a nursery in Greater Manchester.
A record number of Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales by the end of last year, according to Home Office figures.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his 10th Wimbledon title.
An Edinburgh woman who persuaded her husband to take what was supposed to be his final fix of heroin has been jailed for three years.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Joe Ogogo has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won the fifth stage of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the race.
World number one Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead heading into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) says it is "very concerned" after a sinkhole opened in a residential street.
Wicketkeeper Graeme Swann believes England are "far off" when it comes to batting against spinners in one-day internationals against India.
Hundreds of jobs are to be axed at one of Wales' largest employers, the Unison union has announced.
Great Britain won a second gold medal of the Rio Olympics by beating Lithuania in the mixed team event.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Lucas Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Here is a guide to spending cuts announced by Chancellor George Osborne as part of his Spending Review.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor to play James Bond", according to the actor who played 007 in Casino Royale.
Chris Northeast's unbeaten century gave Kent the upper hand on day one of their Division Two match against Essex at Chelmsford.
Quebec's Muslim community is still reeling from Monday's shooting at a mosque in Quebec City.
ITV has said it is "comprehensive plans in place" in the wake of industrial action by technicians over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Mott says the club must "show what they have got" if they are to overturn last season's poor start to the season.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg told the BBC on Monday that England and Wales had the highest incarceration rate per head of the population in Western Europe.
A woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in Norfolk.
Human-induced climate change will lead to a mass extinction event in the oceans by the end of the century, a UN report says.
Why is George Osborne spending £23bn less than he thought in July?
Tata Steel is considering mothballing part of its plant in Newport with the loss of 1,500 jobs.
Dozens of dead greyhound puppies have been found buried in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia.
Falkirk defender Tony Houston has dismissed speculation linking him with a move to Sunderland.
Paul Daniels, one of the UK's best-known and most recognisable tricksters, has died at the age of 90.
The cost of disruption to rail services in England and Wales has more than doubled in a year.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was found stabbed to death in woodland say they have received more than 220 tips.
One of Australia's most senior politicians has revealed that he is suffering from postnatal depression.
Smokers at a Breckland council have been given the go-ahead to smoke breaks.
A student has described a "nightmare" scene at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris after gunmen stormed the venue.
England's hopes of winning the Women's Ashes suffered a major blow as they were bowled out for 263 on day four of the third Test against Australia in Melbourne.
Police in Indonesia are investigating the death of an Australian student who was found with traces of cyanide in her coffee.
The £13m signing of Nottingham Forest striker Sean Burke could give Usain Bolt "a run for his money", according to ex-Scotland striker Ian McGovern.
The trial of a man accused of murdering a woman whose body was found at a house has been postponed.
Sri Lanka's media minister says a Buddhist monk who killed himself in the capital, Colombo, was planning to kill himself.
Japanese firm Hitachi has agreed to buy a nuclear power venture in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said the party can no longer rely on the "big beasts" to lead it forward.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens, starring Chris Pratt, has topped the US and Canada box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of smuggling cocaine worth more than A$2,500 (Â£1,500) into the country.
Neymar scored twice as Sevilla came from behind to beat defending champions Barcelona.
A number of items have been stolen from an industrial estate in West Lothian.
If there was one thing that stood out about this year's Oscars, it was that it was the actor who presented in his pants.
A free trade agreement between the UK and the European Union (EU) would mean the UK would be free to impose tariffs on goods coming from both sides of the EU trade dispute.
Action Man has passed 50 years since the toy company Palitoy first introduced the character.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the University of Bristol's Great Hall.
Researchers in the US have developed a 3D printing system that mimics the movement of viscous liquid threads.
Roger Federer beat Richard Gasquet in straight sets to win the French Open for the first time in his career.
A number of major roads in Scotland have been closed due to snow and ice.
Blackpool were held to a goalless draw at home by Wycombe in League Two.
A 20-year-old man has been taken to hospital following a shooting at a house in Londonderry.
A two-year-old boy and his mother have been arrested after their car became stuck in a ditch in the US state of South Carolina.
An investigation has been launched by police in Edinburgh after a man was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the worst air accidents in history.
One of the US Supreme Court's most senior justices, Justice Clarence Thomas, is reported to have asked a question about gun laws.
Opponents of California's gay marriage ban have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to reinstate the ban.
Scotland's finance secretary has been criticised by MSPs for refusing to hand over detailed planning information ahead of the Scottish government's Autumn Statement.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown is to step down at the end of the season after three years in charge of the county.
Thousands of people have taken part in the world's biggest wrestling competition.
Detectives investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have appealed for information about the circumstances surrounding his death.
Former EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the soap for the final time to play Barbara Mitchell, who is terminally ill with cancer.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are making compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars.
A 56-year-old woman who bit a postman on the leg in Dumfries has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction.
"The vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
A memorial service has been held in Paris to commemorate 130 people killed in Friday's attacks in the French capital.
Scottish Borders Council is to hold a by-election after the resignation of a Conservative MSP.
At least five people have been killed in a train crash near the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
If you want to see some of the world's famous landmarks in virtual reality, you might want to check out Google Earth.
An Australian golfer is in a critical condition after being attacked by a crocodile on the 11th hole of a golf course.
Bloomington, Indiana, is renaming its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays to celebrate diversity.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property sector has continued to fall, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of having a "cunning plan" to deal with Brexit, after the Labour leader made a reference to Edmund Baldrick in Prime Minister's Questions.
The sequel to the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is to be made up of three films, Warner Bros has announced.
The co-founder of the so-called Silk Road drug marketplace has pleaded guilty in federal court in Washington DC.
A fox cub has been rescued after it was mistaken for a puppy.
Wladimir Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over Hiroki Muranaka.
Award-winning Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
A local newspaper says it was not allowed to film Prime Minister David Cameron's visit to Cornwall because it was "20th Century".
The deaths of two sisters-in-law at a flat in Glasgow are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Ian King has been voted on to the Rangers board following the club's annual general meeting (EGM).
A third man has been charged in connection with the death of a man in Sunderland.
The first series of BBC One drama Doctor Foster started out as a love story between two ex-partners.
Black and ethnic minority footballers in Wales say they have been subjected to racist abuse, booing and booing at matches.
An acting head teacher has admitted making indecent images of children at a primary school.
Vietnam has accused China of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
More than 26,000 people have attended the annual Pink Dot rally in Singapore's capital, Singapore.
As the UK prepares for the start of the new year, it is worth taking a look at some of the risks facing the economy.
Bees thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl.
More than 469 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued off the coast of north-eastern Indonesia, officials say.
A West Coast rail company has been banned from operating trains following a series of safety incidents.
So, yes, it was a "big Budget".
Kia has been named the best car brand in the US for the first time, according to a new study.
Six-year-old Safid is hoping to join thousands of other child migrants trying to reach the UK.
Politicians from across Northern Ireland have been reacting to the election result.
A record number of hate crimes were committed by Canadians in 2015, according to official figures.
The death of Marussia driver Luca Bianchi in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in July last year has led to a period of introspection in the sport.
Voters in London go to the polls on 8 June to choose MPs who want to build a third runway at Heathrow Airport.
British Airways chief executive Tony Walsh has said he would like the Northern Ireland Executive to scrap Air Passenger Duty.
A driver has died following a crash on the A90 in Dumfries.
Shortening the length of DNA in blood cancer can be a key factor in the disease's survival, research from Swansea University suggests.
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US federal judge has ruled that US women's football players are not eligible to strike over pay.
The zoo where Simi was kept in isolation for more than two years is to allow the animal to be imported into the UK.
BBC Northern Ireland broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Public Producers' Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
At E3 this year, Microsoft’s Phil Spencer unveiled what he called the “most ambitious” gaming console ever built.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after the social network removed a page about him.
When Halle Berry became the first black actress to win an Academy Award, she said it meant "nothing".
Newsnight's James Clayton and Jack Garland have been covering the news of the migrant crisis in Calais.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate the governance of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Strictly Come Dancing's Aliona Vilani has pulled out of this year's series because of injury.
William Hague has called for a "new and strong international agreement" on how to stop the flow of arms from Islamic State militants into Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will leave Napoli at the end of the season unless he meets the club's release clause, a club source has told the BBC.
Iceland's parliament has approved a bill which would require companies to ensure employees earn at least 25% less than men.
Nigeria has been gripped by the mass abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in north-eastern Borno state last month.
If you want to set a new world record for the fastest trolley, you might want to check out this super trolley!
A business owner who invested £100,000 in a boiler has been refused permission to take legal action over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be cut by up to 75%, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside Henley Royal Regatta, police have said.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers and West Ham midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen until the end of the season.
Bilkis Bano, a woman from the western Indian state of Gujarat, was raped and murdered by Hindu mobs during the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players "if nobody wanted to play I would never speak about it".
Sir Elton John has told the BBC he is "not surprised" that people who are HIV positive are unaware they can contract the virus.
The number of EU citizens who have been sent polling cards in the EU referendum has more than doubled, the Electoral Commission says.
Preston North End director of football Simon Grayson says the club would like to see defender Bailey Wright's contract terminated.
The US says it has learned of an air defence missile system being deployed by China in disputed territory in the South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for Europe to "take its destiny into its own hands" after US President Donald Trump refused to back climate change talks.
Last week, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme aired a documentary on the plight of women who struggle to work because of menstrual pain.
Businesses in the UK face a new levy of up to £1,500 a year on their wages, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two Conservative MPs have been ordered to pay more than £40,000 to settle a libel claim made against them by an MP in Rotherham.
Tens of thousands of Kenyans have gone on strike in the capital, Nairobi, following last week's disputed presidential election.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on the outskirts of Bristol.
It's not every holiday that comes along with it.
Greece's caretaker Prime Minister Evangelos Papademos has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following an explosion at his office in Athens, reports say.
A number of police officers have been injured in an attack in County Down.
Belfast Stakes won by a jockey on the penultimate day of the Cheltenham Festival.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by two police officers in the US state of Louisiana has described the incident as "the most disturbing thing I've seen".
Scientists in Canada have implanted GPS trackers into the skin of slugs.
Denmark reached the Women's Euro 2017 semi-finals for the first time in their history by beating Austria 3-0 in extra time.
The remains of an eight-year-old girl from Mexico have shed new light on the origins of modern Native Americans.
President Donald Trump's response to the Washington Post's revelation that he had shared sensitive intelligence with Russian officials has been met with a wave of the hand.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side must be "professional" if they are to escape relegation from the Premier League.
Chemical samples from Syria have arrived at the site of the alleged chemical attack last week and are to be analysed for traces of nerve agent.
Smart glasses designed to help blind and partially sighted people find their way around could soon be available for use in the home.
An Iranian court has sentenced a Washington Post journalist to death for espionage and spreading propaganda against the government, state media report.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have successfully raised chicks at a quarry on the Isle of Wight for the second consecutive summer.
New research suggests that sea otters may have helped revive ailing seagrass grasses in southern California.
A man with locked-in syndrome has launched a legal challenge to the law that allows assisted dying in England and Wales.
A 27-year-old man has been jailed for running a drugs run in Londonderry.
More than 800 infants died in mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965, the Irish justice minister has said.
When Thommo Nicholl's Raith Rovers beat Celtic on penalties to win the Scottish Cup at Hampden Park in 1994, it was a moment that will forever live on in Scottish football.
Pupils in Wales would be better off if physical education was made a core part of the national curriculum, according to a report.
The parents of Charlie Gard have called for his life support to be switched off and he should be allowed to die with dignity.
The importance of outdoor learning in schools in England should be recognised, according to a new report.
Lancashire have appointed Peter Chapple as their new head coach on a two-year contract following the sacking of Peter Moores.
England batsman Alex Hales received a refund of £4.10 from a fan who tweeted about the slow rate of interest on day three of the third Test against South Africa.
A memorial to a teenager who drowned in the River Thames is to be installed in Bath.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been described as "The Group of Death" - but what does this mean for the rest of the country?
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped in India has said he will reveal her name only if a new anti-rape law is named after her.
The United States has decriminalised the sale and possession of cocaine for the first time in more than 50 years.
Plans to open two RSPB nature reserves in Gloucestershire have been postponed because of flooding.
Police are investigating reports of "deliberate persecution" of birds at a National Forest estate in the Highlands.
A serving Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences, including manufacturing explosives and storing them in barrels in England and Northern Ireland.
Brewery chain Brains has announced plans to open more coffee shops in south Wales and the south west of England.
Manchester City have completed the signing of defender Nicolas Otamendi from Sporting Lisbon for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of a fellow scooter club member who died after being hit by a vehicle.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Malachi O'Doherty considers whether direct rule is the best option for Northern Ireland.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has warned that demand for oil is likely to slow in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman would be "hard for Chris Coleman to turn down" if he was offered a Premier League contract, according to ex-Fulham defender Rob Roberts.
More than half of the world's adults over 60 are living in poverty, according to a new report.
Derby County have agreed a deal to sign Barnsley's teenage midfielder Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Lupita Nyong'o is to play the Human Torch in Disney's upcoming film Black Panther.
A 25-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in West Lothian.
Four men have appeared in court accused of conspiring to smuggle drugs worth more than Â£200,000 into the Republic of Ireland.
A man has been jailed for eight years after admitting murdering a pensioner in Glasgow.
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection exercise has told an inquest it would not have been in his son's thought process to stop the exercise.
Shaker Aamer, the last British detainee to be held in Guantanamo Bay since 9/11, has returned home.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side "look frightened and scared" after they were knocked out of the Europa League.
Bank of England chief executive Mark Carney has warned of a fall in the value of the bank's shares after it reported lower-than-expected annual profits.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to Dennis Sheehan, who died at a hotel in Los Angeles on Wednesday night.
Tom Shankland scored twice as Ballymena United came from behind to beat Livi Town.
Former Northern Ireland captain David McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be able to play for Northern Ireland at Euro 2016.
Growth in the UK's service sector slowed sharply in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two former Rabobank traders have been charged in the US with conspiring to manipulate the Libor interest rate.
Chelsea Ladies came from behind to beat Glasgow City 1-0 in the first leg of their Women's Champions League first qualifying round tie.
Cranes football association (Fufa) says it is "confident" coach Aleksandar Sredojevic's salary arrears will be cleared by the end of the month.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall says she is the only person who has not spelled out how Labour would be different from Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to the president-elect of Taiwan, the White House says.
Students at the University of Harvard are holding sit-ins to protest against the use of the word "master" in the official seal of the institution.
Portugal progressed to the semi-finals of Group A of the Confederations Cup with a 1-0 win over Australia in Sochi.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo say they have dismantled tents and shacks set up by drug addicts who have fled into neighbouring streets.
Martin McGuinness is to travel to Belgium to mark the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his side are not good enough to compete for the Premier League title this season.
Many Clouds, the winner of the Cheltenham Gold Cup and Hennessy Gold Cup, died after suffering a pulmonary haemorrhage, it has emerged.
It's that time of the year again - the January transfer window has closed.
Plans to increase the number of Army reservists to 30,000 by 2019 have been described as a "risk" and a "cost-benefit analysis".
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he did not think his team were "perfect, unbeatable" during the start of the season.
Italy boss Fabio Capello's future as Russia manager is in doubt, according to Russian media.
Turtle doves, quail and bittern are being illegally shot in the Maltese spring season, according to a British wildlife expert.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Birmingham.
The owner of one of Scotland's oldest audio brands has confirmed that 70 staff are to be made redundant.
Striker Dan Evans scored an injury-time equaliser as West Brom came from behind to beat Stoke and reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
Oxford's main pedestrian route through the centre of the city is to be closed as part of a "credible, agreed plan", a bus company has said.
Franchisees of McDonald's restaurants in Europe are being accused by the European Union of unfair competition.
Former Aston Villa and Burnley midfielder Sid Cowans is to leave the club at the end of the season.
When Tony Blair announced a series of anti-terror measures in the run-up to the general election in May, it was as if nothing had changed.
Swansea City remain in the Premier League relegation zone as they beat Crystal Palace 3-0 at Selhurst Park on Sunday.
Bradford Bulls' legal team will continue to "work hard" over the weekend in a bid to secure the club's immediate future.
Human remains have been found by police investigating the murder of Louise Tiffney 15 years ago.
Scotland's Ian Jamieson and Denmark's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the South African Open.
President-elect Donald Trump's decision to pull the US out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is a major setback for Asia.
An 11-year-old girl has become the first person in the UK to win an award for making a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake.
An EU-Turkey plan to resettle all irregular migrants arriving on the Greek island of Idomeni is a "sugar-coating pill", Amnesty International has said.
The Department of Justice is to pay compensation to eight former Catholic school pupils who were injured during anti-Catholic protests in north Belfast.
An annotated version of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany, 70 years after it was printed.
Pupils at a new primary school in West Lothian have been spared the consequences of a water main burst.
Mae Theresa May wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y Unionist Party (UE) wedi ei holi gan y BBC ddydd Gwener.
Championship side Corinthians have ruled out signing Carlos Tevez from Manchester City.
French rock band Noir Desir is one of France's best-loved bands and one of the country's most influential singers.
Mae Geraint Thomas wedi cadarnhau ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy, a diolchodd i'w gefnogwyr am eu dymuniadau da'r Tour de France.
Detectives investigating the death of a man in Londonderry in the early hours of the morning have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has landed in Honolulu to mark the 75th anniversary of the US attack on a Japanese naval base in 1945.
The UCI says it will investigate an allegation that a rider racially abused one of his team-mates at the Tour of California.
It is a criminal offence to supply "smart drugs" or "cognitive enhancers" to university students, the UK's drugs watchdog has warned.
EU foreign ministers have agreed to set up an EU mission in the Central African Republic (CAR) in a bid to stabilise the conflict there.
St Mirren have extended the loan spell of Dundee United striker James Clarkson until the end of the season.
Atletico Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points as they came from behind to beat Valencia.
The Wales football team have arrived in Cardiff ahead of Euro 2016.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester United on Sunday will be streamed live on the BBC Sport website.
Egyptians have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a new constitution, paving the way for future parliamentary elections.
Myanmar says it has found no evidence of sabotage or engine failure in the crash of a passenger plane that went missing in bad weather.
A man has been found guilty of the most serious breach of the UK's medicines control regime in the European Union.
All the papers make the same front-page story this week.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in the world.
Two people have been arrested after a 19-year-old man died when he was hit by a car in Kent.
Three grizzly bears have been caught on camera pawing at a strange object at a safari park in South Africa.
Historic Scotland has put the site of one of the most famous Roman battles on its list of historic battlefields.
Derry City boss Joey Barton has revealed that he was "quite horrified" by the way Tyrone midfielder Brendan Rogers was tackled in Sunday's McKenna Cup final.
Flood warnings have been issued across much of England and Wales, with heavy rain expected overnight into Thursday.
Snoop Dogg should be "really careful" after a video appeared to show him shooting Donald Trump.
One of the world's largest floating wind farms has begun moving into place off the Aberdeenshire coast.
World number one Dustin Johnson is one shot off the lead heading into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship.
Newsweek, one of the world's best-known news publications, has unveiled its final front cover.
The Russian rouble has fallen to a four-year low against the dollar after the country's economy contracted for the first time this year.
The minimum term for killing a police officer should be increased to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
Vote Leave campaigners are targeting the south Wales valleys ahead of the EU referendum on June 23rd.
A man has been jailed for five years for robbing a post office in Edinburgh in what police described as a "frightening and traumatic incident".
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following a serious assault in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has withdrawn from next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon because of injury.
Frigate carrier HMS Ocean will be withdrawn from service in 2011, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The impact of the Brexit vote on the UK's economy has been cut by the EY Item Club.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Alex Mason on loan until the end of the season and Chelsea goalkeeper Jordan Houghton on a season-long loan deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour's economic strategy is "sound investment not only in your own business's long-term future but for the common good of the country".
The former commissioner of the Irish police, Michael Callinan, has been cleared of misconduct by a report into the force's handling of complaints against him.
The number of people being held at the Brook House removal centre in south-west London has more than doubled in two years, a Home Office report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says there is "a little bit of frustration" at missing out on a third successive Grand Slam when they face defending champions Ireland in the Six Nations on Saturday.
If you're a fan of Monty Python and the Flying Scotsman, you'll know the feeling.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he will appeal against the red card shown to Manchester City captain John Terry in their EFL Cup win over Peterborough.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a lorry on the M4.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton wants a squad of 21-22 players for next season.
An app designed to make it easier for children to play Pokémon Go is being released in the UK.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death in a car chase.
More needs to be done to tackle migration to Scotland, according to accounting firm PwC.
Derry City held on to earn their first win over Harps in the All-Ireland Football qualifier at Finn Park.
More than 80,000 new secondary school places will need to be created in England by the end of next year, councils have warned.
Work to build a new road linking Cardiff Bay with the east end of the city is set to begin.
At dawn on Thursday morning, hundreds of people gathered outside Giza mosque in Cairo to demand the overthrow of the government.
Actress Vicky McClure has said she was "mortified" when she was thrown off a tram named in her honour for fare evasion.
The mother of Lily Allen has said she is "horrendously sorry" her son has gone to prison for stalking her.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire and rescue services to be brought under one authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest more than £1m in a new factory.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association following the Euro 2012 play-off second leg in Krusevac.
Johnny Depp is being sued by his management team for failing to pay his debts, according to reports.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been named as the team's new director of cricket.
The head of the Church in Wales has said he was "not against organ donation at all".
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be central to the debate on the future of the UK.
Championship side Rochdale have signed former Bolton Wanderers and Ipswich Town midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Matt Quigley scored twice as Livingston came from behind to beat TNS United in the Scottish League Cup first round.
Council tax in Surrey is set to rise by more than 15% in a bid to plug a £450m gap in the county's budget.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has vowed to lift a ban on financial firms linked to Somalia's militant Islamists.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the National League after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the euro area has risen to its highest level since the financial crisis of 2008, official figures show.
The Dutch military says it has intercepted a Russian submarine on a secret mission near the aircraft carrier, Admiral Kuznetsov.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie despite speculation linking him with the post.
Bradford has been named as the UK's Curry Capital of Britain.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has gone straight to the top of the UK Singles Chart.
Up to 20,000 Syrians have arrived at a border crossing between Turkey and Syria, the United Nations says.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash in southern Mexico.
More than five years after violence marred Kenya's presidential and parliamentary elections, voters have returned to the capital, Nairobi, to cast their ballots.
Celtic and Linfield have agreed a new date for their Champions League second-round qualifier in the Republic of Ireland.
Leicestershire Airport has announced that it will close for two weekends during the refurbishment of its main runway.
A man is in a "critical condition" in hospital after he was stabbed during an attempted robbery.
The mayor of Bristol has paid tribute to Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 88.
Derby County have completed the signing of former Hull City striker Tom Davies for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has emerged in London and New York - but what does this mean for books?
Former Northern Ireland rugby star Mike Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed South Africa international prop Nic White on a deal until the end of the season, with the option of a further year.
Burundi, one of Africa's poorest countries, has one of the lowest birth rates in the world.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients at a Denbighshire mental health unit who were treated like animals in a zoo.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan does not step down as Scotland manager.
Workers on Merseyrail, Southern rail and the RMT union are to stage further strikes in an attempt to force the company to "get back to the negotiating table".
Thousands of fans of Afghan singer-songwriter Khaled Sayeed have attended her concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, despite death threats.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm by dangerous driving after being stopped by police on the M4.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report commissioned by the Tate Institute.
Swansea City left-back Brandon Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Jack Raggett's second-half goal earned Dover victory over Welling to keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US election.
More than 150 potholes are expected to be filled in on roads in Northumberland over the next four months.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a naturist in connection with a shooting at a popular beach in the north-east of the country.
Chinese social media star Yulian Quanjian has become the first woman in the world to have her armpits shaved.
A former Welsh rugby player has abandoned his bid to climb Mount Everest after tests showed he had abnormal blood readings.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Egypt's capital, Cairo, to protest against the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Retailer Sports Direct has warned that the value of the pound against the dollar is set to fall by up to 10% in the next financial year.
Ed Sheeran has taken to the road for the first time in the new series of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage has been given the go-ahead to appear on BBC Radio 4's Today Programme.
More needs to be done to tackle waiting times for heart and knee surgery in Wales, surgeons have warned.
A former head teacher at a Cardiff mosque sexually assaulted four young girls, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells for the second year in a row.
The story of Zheng He, one of China's most important military leaders, is under renewed scrutiny in Kenya.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones is hopeful that Oliver Griffiths will make his Wales debut in June.
The British Grand Prix will not be held at Silverstone for at least two more years after Formula 1 announced it was ending its contract to host the race.
Charles Dickens' writing desk and chair are to go on permanent display in his study after a National Heritage Memorial Fund grant.
A court in Egypt has suspended the formation of an assembly to draft a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which says players must not reveal undergarments with slogans or images other than the manufacturer's logo.
What do you do if you're an off-spinner?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its investigation into Apple's tax dealings in the Republic of Ireland.
Great Britain women's hockey team have named four players in their squad for the Rio Olympics.
Hundreds of new homes are to be built in north Wales as part of a multi-million pound regeneration scheme.
MPs are to launch an e-petition website in a bid to get more people to sign petitions online.
Craig Venter may not have won the Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine.
An outbreak of norovirus has forced the closure of A&E at a hospital in Cornwall.
Great Britain reached the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a seven-try victory over Japan.
Theresa May's announcement that the UK will vote to leave the European Union has been interpreted as a warning to the rest of the EU.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and sexual assault of a female prisoner at Maghaberry Prison.
MSPs have welcomed the Scottish government's announcement of a £12.5m fund to train staff who have lost their jobs in the oil and gas industry.
Plans for an £8m cycling facility in Pembrey have been given the go-ahead by Welsh Cycling.
A security guard was hit by a car as he tried to break into a supermarket in South Lanarkshire.
The chief executive of Celtic Energy has told BBC Wales there will be no further mining in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Mae fydd ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi llwyr ddiffodd gan fod y llanw wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag mynd ato.
New Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho suffered his first defeat as Manchester United manager as Pedro scored twice on his return to Stamford Bridge.
When Channel 4 launched its Channel 4 soap opera Skins last year, it was hailed as one of the most successful shows in the UK.
Armed police officers in Scotland did not shoot the attacker because they feared it would put members of the public at risk, Police Scotland has said.
In Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" there is an unusual state of affairs in the financial world.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a teenage girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle has been chosen as the opening night film at this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new female osprey has laid her first egg at a wildlife reserve in the Highlands, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has announced.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has told the BBC the UK would have "zero" influence if it were not part of the EU.
Global demand for energy has slowed to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to the oil giant BP.
An inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes to their families is to be held before the general election.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season because of a back injury, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose their next president.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he is ready to "move on" if the club can't match his ambition of winning promotion next season.
Plans to change the name of a Gwynedd seaside village have been rejected.
A 22-year-old woman from Dorset who has been missing in Thailand for more than two weeks has contacted her family.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff city centre.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of a "terrible insult" to people who work "day in, day out to save and improve lives".
The head of Queen's University in Londonderry has warned that higher education in Northern Ireland is in trouble.
Dog walkers in a Gloucestershire town will have to walk five dogs in two packs for the first time after new rules came into force.
A judicial review is due to take place into the future of an inquiry into the Kincora boys' home in Belfast.
Two British tourists missing in Nepal since Sunday's earthquake in Kathmandu have been found safe and well.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have reached the EuroHockey A Division for the first time, according to head coach Chris Clements.
Michael MacNiallais scored two late goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh 2-14 to 0-14 in the Ulster Football Championship quarter-finals.
Derby County manager Slavisa Jokanovic says Fulham striker Leon Martin will not be sent back to the club.
Uganda's Mubende gold mine is one of the biggest in the country's history.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped the government's target of achieving a budget surplus by 2020.
Voting is under way in Switzerland to elect a successor to Sepp Blatter as president of football's world governing body Fifa.
Three men have been jailed after a lecturer was punched in the face during a burglary at his home.
Hull FC will play Leeds Rhinos in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
The number of licensed taxi and private hire car drivers in Scotland has more than doubled in a year, according to new figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Comedian John Cleese's Alimony tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "more than comedy tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Macheda on loan for the rest of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo explores the business model of people smugglers.
An aurora borealis has been visible over parts of Scotland.
A Sussex Police community support officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
Thousands of spectators have lined the streets of Hong Kong's capital, Hanoi, for the city's first ultramarathon.
More than 50 jobs are to be lost at a dairy processing company in Denbighshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how technology is transforming education in Africa.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £2,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the rise in the number of nurses working for the NHS in England.
Workers at one of the oldest department stores in Londonderry have described the "horrific" loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone network Three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad.
Thai police investigating the murder of a British woman and her partner in Thailand say they have made "little progress" in their investigation.
Boris Johnson has ruled himself out of the race to become the next Conservative Party leader.
Virtual doctors in sub-Saharan Africa are providing vital medical care to millions of people, the BBC has learned.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in west Belfast have paid tribute to a "com composed and caring son".
The idea that chocolate should be "the hero" on the shelves when it comes to selling it doesn't come as much of a surprise to Steve Thirlwell.
The burial of Osama Bin Laden in the Arabian Sea was carried out in accordance with Islamic law, US officials say.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 in early trade on Wednesday.
The verdict in the trial of County Louth farmer Michael Murphy is "by no means certain", a judge has said.
Small and medium-sized firms in the UK will be given a tax break of up to £50,000 as part of a package of measures announced by the chancellor.
Wales winger Rhys Cuthbert is "very lucky" to be fit for the start of the Six Nations, according to former Scarlets flanker Ian James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a two-year contract extension with the County Championship.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago say they have made a "significant leap forward".
Shrewsbury Town have extended the loan spell of Southampton midfielder Liam McGinty until the end of the season.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking both of his legs in a fall at the World Championships.
Israeli troops have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of Palestinians protesting against new security measures at the al-Aqsa mosque compound.
Online booking service Booking.com is suing the French government for €356m (Â£247m) after it failed to pay tax on more than €400m of income.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has criticised plans to introduce a five-minute waiting time for its drivers in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans won stage 20 of the Tour de France for the first time in his career as BMC Racing claimed victory on Saturday.
Nigeria's army says it has detained more than 100 children, some of them children who were abducted by Islamist militants two years ago.
Olympic bronze medallist Hannah Murray has qualified for the final of the women's team event at the British Swimming Championships in Bath.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has offered to help federal employees affected by the partial government shutdown.
Taylor Swift's management company has been accused of "giving her work away for free".
An Isle of Wight father has raised more than Â£25,000 for legal costs after winning his school holiday case.
A county clerk in the US state of North Carolina has refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples despite a Supreme Court ruling that her faith prevented her from doing so.
There is no country in the world that has done as well as Brazil as Ukraine.
The Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI) has criticised the police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland.
The number of school crossing patrollers in Scotland has fallen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei share index closed lower on Wednesday as the yen strengthened against the dollar.
Transport for London (TfL) fares are to be frozen for the next four years, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said he still believes the pound is the right currency for Scotland.
One of the world's rarest finds of light opal has gone on display in South Australia for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on an uninhabited mudbank off the Kent coast has shocked people.
Schools across the UK have been taking part in this year's School Report's News Day.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of breaching a "constitutional principle" by "taking sides in current political arguments".
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor.
One of the world's most technologically advanced machines has been unveiled in Bangkok.
Smacking has a "strong and consistent" negative impact on children in Scotland and the UK, according to a new report.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Dave Paver says he has had "concerns" about Luke Chapman.
Newcastle extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory over Aston Villa.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed ex-Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers in the race to succeed Brendan Rodgers.
The partner of a transgender woman who was found hanged at a prison said he "can't stop crying".
Thailand's aviation regulator, the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICCAO), has been downgraded to Category 2 from Category 1 by the UN's aviation watchdog.
Reviews of the Ghostbusters remake have been mixed, with some calling it a "mean-spirited mess".
A woman who died following a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay an extra £5,520 in stamp duty as part of government spending plans for the next four years.
More than 100 firefighters have tackled a major blaze on the M4 in Dumfries and Galloway.
The Eden Project has secured a £1m grant from the Natural History Museum.
Celtic football clubs have called for an independent inspection of Sellafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant on the Isle of Man.
Gianluigi Imbula scored a hat-trick as Stoke beat Bournemouth in the Premier League for the first time this season.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by his father has criticised the way police handled the case.
League One strugglers Oldham Athletic have offered free entry to Saturday's game against League Two strugglers Brentford.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a French diplomat on suspicion of raping a minor girl.
Katie Trott clinched a second gold medal of the World Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's individual pursuit.
A man accused of attempting to murder a police officer has told a court he is "totally innocent" of the charge.
The US has carried out its first air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man who shone a laser pen at the cockpit of a police helicopter has been jailed.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, helped by a surge in imports.
LeBron James became the first player in NBA history to reach 10,000 career points.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two teenage girls.
One of Britain's leading historians has told the BBC about the Nazi assassination of Reinhard Heydrich during World War Two.
A chronology of key events:1 July 2015 -
Six members of Australia's 4x100m freestyle relay team have admitted taking anti-insomnia medication before the Rio Olympics.
The funeral of former Coronation Street writer John Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, a former British colony on the Pacific island of Viti Levu, is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" over the collapse of a £10bn infrastructure deal with China.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Scottish ministers are holding talks with the Norwegian Confederation of Trade and Industry (EFTA) about the possibility of Scottish membership of the EU single market.
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been barred from voting in regional elections.
Somerset began their County Championship campaign with an eight-wicket win over Hampshire at Taunton.
A South African law reform commission is calling for the removal of Christmas Day and Labour Day from the country's public holidays.
Three men have been reported to the procurator fiscal after a baby doll was stolen from a nativity display in Aberdeen.
Nigeria's main opposition party has lost control of most of the country's 36 governorships, the electoral body Inec has announced.
Everton's plans to move from Goodison Park to Walton Hall Park in north Liverpool have moved a step closer.
Carlitos Tevez will leave Manchester United at the end of the season to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A court has issued a public nudity order for convicted rapist James Gough, who has been on bail for more than two years.
An appeal fund set up by the trustees of Glasgow School of Art (GSA) following the devastating fire at the school has raised more than £500,000.
Fabio Bonatini scored the only goal of the game as Wolves came from behind to beat Middlesbrough.
Bristol have appointed Mark Tainton as acting head coach following the club's "extremely disappointing start to the season".
Mae'r asgellwr y Scarlets wedi ddi-newid ar gyfer y gêm yn erbyn y Pro 12 ym mis Medi o 23-13 ond  fe wnaeth tîm Wayne Pivac dalu'r pwyth yn ôl i'r Chwefror.
When you think of cloud computing, you tend to think of "cloud computing", or cloud computing.
The collapse of Iceland's three largest banks in 2008 and the subsequent collapse of its banking system have provided a stark contrast to Europe's economic recovery.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during his tour of duty in Snowdonia.
In the early hours of Monday morning in the Mexican capital, Ciudad Juárez, three journalists were shot dead.
Yum Brands, the parent company of fast-food chain Taco Bell, has reported better-than-expected profits in China.
Northern Ireland is to host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games.
Republican leaders in the US House of Representatives have pulled out of a vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill.
The world is celebrating the birth of their first babies.
Leigh Day, the insurance firm at the centre of the Grenfell Tower fire, has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating claims made against the firm by a newspaper.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison are now "significantly higher" than in similar prisons in England and Wales, inspectors have said.
New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued by a group of people who say they were misled into paying the full $25 admission fee.
Hillary Clinton has said she is a "progressive president who gets results" as she and her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders sparred on stage.
Alloa Athletic have agreed a one-year contract extension with manager Gary Ross, with the option of a further year.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" whether he will get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin, following a phone conversation with the Russian leader.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement has backed defender Alfie Mawson to continue his fine form.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Kent have been branded a "threat" by the Woodland Trust.
Bog snorkelling will take place in Gwynedd for the first time this summer.
American football star Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas.
A second independence referendum will not be held in 2017, the first minister has said.
A witness at the Hillsborough inquests has said he conceded to a doctor's medical superiority when it was suggested a teenager could not have been alive when he tried to revive him.
The chief inspector of Avon and Somerset Fire and Rescue has launched an investigation into claims the authority failed to properly supervise the fire service.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have recovered some of the losses seen in China this week.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen edged Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The minister responsible for the Forth Road Bridge has said that urgent repair work could be completed by the end of the festive season.
An investigation has been launched into the state of a hospital trust's finances following a £7.8m overspend.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found on a motorway in Dorset.
Comedian Sandi Toksvig has said she would be "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows.
The cause of a helicopter crash in Norway which killed six people was "strongly consistent" with fatigue in parts of the gearbox, investigators have said.
Town centres in the Scottish Borders have seen an increase in the number of people visiting them, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence in England and Wales are to be offered counselling and support in a bid to reduce the number of violent partners.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Wladimir Klitschko has a "chink in his armour" ahead of Anthony Joshua's world heavyweight title fight, says WBA heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis.
Blackpool Football Club is taking legal action against two fans over comments posted on an online forum about the club.
A 71-year-old man who died after his car crashed in Shropshire has been named by police.
Derry edged out Mayo 2-17 to 1-13 in extra-time to book their place in the All-Ireland Football semi-finals.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says captain Stevie Smith has shown "brilliant courage" to play through his injury problems.
Jonathan Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbikes World Championship standings with victory over Chaz Davies in Valencia.
Independent school students in England receive extra time for their GCSE and A-level exams.
Huddersfield Giants have completed the signing of South Sydney Rabbitohs full-back Sam Burgess on a two-year deal.
Doncaster kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a thumping victory over Stevenage.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Sharad Bheswakar reflects on his struggle to get Nepalese citizenship.
Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat St Helens in the Super League play-off semi-final at Twickenham.
West Ham left Old Trafford with a bitter taste in their mouths as they left the Boleyn Ground with their final home game of the season behind them.
Germany will host the 2016 Grand Depart - the opening stage of road cycling's world championship.
NHS Lothian is being urged to do more to improve the care of dementia patients at an Edinburgh hospital, following a report.
Eight people have been charged in connection with a multi-million pound prostitution ring, police have said.
A Guatemalan court has ordered the retrial of an ex-police chief accused of killing indigenous people more than 40 years ago.
Oscar-winning film producer David Chartoff has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.
The 1966 World Cup final between England and West Germany has been marked with a special ceremony.
The mayor of London is to set up a police unit to investigate online hate crimes.
Using a virtual private network (VPN) on your home computer can be quite a challenge.
Shares in Danish brewer, Carlsberg, have fallen after the company said sales in Ukraine fell 7% in the first half of the year.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos say they are "more desperate than ever" to find him.
Driving examiners in the UK are to stage a series of strikes in a row over pensions, jobs and privatisation.
Carlisle United and Cambridge United had to settle for a point apiece in their League Two play-off semi-final.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
The government is taking legal action against the new owners of Manston Airport.
At the University Hospital of the Central African Republic (UNHCR) in Bambari in the capital, Bangui, Dr Joseph Bama and his colleagues have been treating wounded civilians.
Britain's Carl Froch says it would be a "big if" for him to defend his WBA and IBF world titles at London's O2 Arena in December.
The MP for Colchester, Peter Quince, has been speaking for the first time about the importance of regional theatres to the local economy.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Azores.
The UK government will publish a revised version of the Wales Bill "as early as possible", the Queen's Speech has said.
Glasgow Warriors fly-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Six men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle £5m of heroin into the UK in a speaker box.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food in the past year, according to a survey.
The number of unaccompanied child asylum seekers in care in Kent is costing the county more than £100,000 a year, a council has admitted.
Harlequins director of rugby Paul Hopley says England players deserve to be considered "role model professionals".
A cannabis grower has been jailed for eight years after being convicted of money laundering and possessing a shotgun.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a snake that escaped from its owner's Florida home.
Glenavon have been given a three-match touchline ban by the Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control the ball in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Glentoran.
Two men who died when their light aircraft crashed in Powys have been named by police.
Kent slumped to an eight-wicket defeat by Northants in the One-Day Cup.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news has begun in the Egyptian capital, Cairo.
The Supreme Court is due to hear the case of a Libyan man who claims he was tortured by the UK government.
A woman who applied for a visa to travel to New Zealand after her grandfather's death has said her application has been rejected.
A man has been cleared of attempting to murder a Muslim man by stabbing him to death on a London Underground train.
Flood alerts have been issued for large parts of Scotland after heavy rain caused landslips in the Highlands.
The Welsh Government is "extremely concerned" about plans to axe 27 jobs at BBC Studios.
Bob Dodd has topped the UK singles chart for the first time.
Britain's Mark Hutchinson is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a broken leg in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
It has been a turbulent few weeks for Lady Warsi.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic has been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Rio Olympics.
An Italian ex-CIA station chief who was jailed for his role in the abduction of an Egyptian cleric has been arrested in Panama, Italian media report.
Mark Milkins said he felt "under pressure" after ending a run of five straight defeats with victory at the UK Championship.
Irish police have carried out a major search operation in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final.
The future of the Newport Ship is set to be secured after a deal was agreed to move it to a new site.
Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is "absolutely innocent" of an alleged assault on a reporter, his campaign has said.
Two men have pleaded guilty to causing the death of a man by careless driving at a recycling yard in County Antrim in 2013.
More than 1,000 unlicensed homes in Southampton have been put up for sale, a council has said.
One of the world's largest hospitals in Liege, Germany, is to use a robot called Pepper in its reception area.
Millions of people in the NHS in England and Wales are suffering from malnutrition, according to the charity Age UK.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has called for the organisers of a march in Londonderry to think carefully about the impact it could have on bereaved families.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign aimed at reviving the country's manufacturing sector.
Ivory Coast's new national football federation (NFF) chief executive Aminu Keshi has signed a two-year contract with the country.
Human remains believed to be those of missing mother-of-three Michelle Tiffney have been discovered in Fife.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson expects their transfer embargo to be lifted by the end of the week.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a tipper truck crashed into his house.
Kris Nordtveit and Mehmet Elyounoussi scored as Northern Ireland lost 3-0 to Norway in their Euro 2016 qualifier at Windsor Park.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A 33-year-old man has been shot dead at a dance party in Surrey.
David Cameron has signed a deal to renegotiate the UK's membership of the European Union.
A free youth travel pass is to be extended across Wales, the Welsh Government has announced.
A woman who embezzled more than £600,000 from an Aberdeen oil and gas company has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
About 650 jobs are to go at an oil and gas company in Aberdeen and London.
Millions of pounds could be lost in the "hidden economy" if tax authorities expand their powers, it has been claimed.
Have you ever wondered why some of the biggest hauls in the world don't actually exist?
A viral song about using a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral in Japan.
A University of Exeter student has donated an organ to help save the life of a rugby player who collapsed and died.
Premier League leaders Leicester were held to a goalless draw by Southampton at the King Power Stadium.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were two of New York's best-known street artists of the 1980s.
Lithuania have been charged by Uefa and the English Football Association over disorder at their Euro 2016 qualifier against England at Hampden Park.
Newport County chief executive John Foxall says the club have a contract to use Rodney Parade if they are relegated from the Football League.
Scottish golfer Mark Lawrie says he is going to have surgery on his foot this winter in an attempt to recover from a serious injury.
A "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" blogger has been given a 12-month suspended prison sentence for posting indecent images of women online.
The Republic of Ireland's ambassador to the United States raised fears that The Quiet Man would be seen as a "rollicking farce".
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend.
Australian police are investigating the murder of an Italian lawyer in Melbourne.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player Andrew Flower.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close detention centres for asylum seekers.
A 70-year-old man had to be taken to hospital with a mobility scooter after being pulled over on the M23.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has celebrated his 46th birthday in South Sudan.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes Shay Logan's family situation was a factor in his decision to stay at Pittodrie.
A memorial service has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
Film director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account following criticism of his portrayal of female characters.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OLPC) has received a $10m (Â£6m) grant from the US Federal Trade Commission.
The US Copyright Office has said it will allow car owners to modify their vehicles without violating copyright laws.
American Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a heart attack during the third round of the WGC-HSBC Champions in Florida.
England were knocked out of the Women's World Twenty20 as they were bowled out by Australia in the semi-finals in Chennai.
Oil prices have fallen sharply in the wake of OPEC's decision to keep production at record levels.
One of Northern Ireland's most iconic buildings, the Soloist, has been sold.
US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden is expected to join German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the White House this week.
Defending champion Jason Day shot a five-under-par 66 to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational by one shot.
On the outskirts of South Sudan's capital, Salva Kiir, there is a small crowd of young men and women.
When the acid attacks in Paris in 2005 left 22-year-old Jean-Claude Lefebvre in a coma, her life changed forever.
Police investigating the deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, have ruled out carbon monoxide poisoning.
Theresa May's speech at the Conservative Party conference on Wednesday night was almost as if it had never been delivered.
Scotland is set to become the first country in the UK to introduce mandatory nursing and midwifery staffing.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Petro Poroshenko has said that the far-right parties in his government are not a threat to national security.
Eurozone finance ministers are meeting in Brussels to try to reach a deal on Greece's debt crisis.
The family of Ashya King, who has a rare form of leukaemia, have told the BBC it is too early to say he has been cured.
Dog owners in Wrexham are being urged not to put their pets on lead in public places.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a crash on the A55 near Bangor.
Matt Carson's first-half penalty earned Hartlepool a goalless draw with Portsmouth at Fratton Park.
An endangered sea turtle has been found washed up on the Isle of Wight.
Rohit Singh is an eight-year-old boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Bihar who spends his days fishing from the banks of the Gandak river.
Plans to lower the legal drink-drive limit in England and Wales have been backed by the Alcohol Health Alliance.
Remains found in the garden of Sian Blake's south-east London home have been confirmed as those of her two sons, police have confirmed.
Motherwell have confirmed the signing of former Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid midfielder David Pearson.
A five-year-old girl has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule after undergoing a heart transplant.
The Arizona Cardinals have named former NFL player Kadeena Welter as their new head coach.
Politicians should stop talking about "hard and soft Brexit" in terms that people don't understand, an MEP has said.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has backed away from a claim that $400m (£300m) was paid to Iran as a ransom.
An 18-year-old woman has been killed and two others injured in a chainsaw attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say.
DUP MLA Jonathan Bell has said his father-in-law applied to a renewable energy scheme before he was married.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over its coverage of the Paris attacks.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has decided not to raise interest rates.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will have to "take maybe a step back a few times" as he prepares for Friday's one-day international against West Indies.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the issue of the UK's membership of the EU, Labour MP Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a technology park at the University of Bognor Regis have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens thrashed Oyonnax in the Champions Cup quarter-finals.
A man who led police on a 100mph (160km/h) high-speed chase has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Actress Angelina Jolie and fashion designer Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC's Woman's Hour Power List 2015.
Ten years ago, Fraser Choe told me that if he wanted to open his own hotel chain in Singapore, he would have to convince staff to stay and work there.
Derby were held to a goalless draw at home by Brentford in the Championship.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Tony Blair is urging the club's players to sign new contracts before the end of the season.
Olympic track cycling champion Dame Sarah Storey has given birth to her first child.
A canoe had to be moved from the middle of the M1 after it became stuck on the carriageway.
West Ham captain Steven Gerrard has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City have "time to put things right" despite being booed off the field by supporters.
Up to 10cm of snow has fallen in parts of England, with some parts of the country experiencing "extremely high avalanche risk".
Archaeologists say they have discovered the remains of an ancient plague victim buried in a cave in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school have met with independent counsellors in a bid to help a father and his two children who are critically ill.
US airlines Delta and United have announced that they will stop transporting trophy-hunting kills, following the killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos chairman Nigel Wood has urged the Rugby Football League (RFL) to develop a "credible plan" for the sport in the capital.
European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis.
A 28-year-old police officer has been arrested in connection with an alleged plot to kidnap an officer.
At least 19 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a crowd at a New Orleans street party.
Southend Council and Visit Southend have offered a free night in the seaside resort after comedian Danny O'Grady called the town a "shit hole".
It is not every day that you find yourself delivering a box of healthy snacks in a letter box.
There are many ways to measure the impact of Barack Obama on the US economy.
Former Archbishop of South Africa Lord Desmond Tutu has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
Airline Monarch has said it will not resume flights in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris in which 130 people died.
A Dumfries and Galloway man and a man have been found guilty of the murder of a teenage drug dealer.
Electric carmaker Tesla has said it will increase production fivefold over the next two years.
"I have never slept with a man I've been married to."
Bristol full-back Luke Arscott has signed a one-year contract extension with the Premiership club.
Pupils have been banned from playing British Bulldog at a primary school in north-west London.
Business confidence in Northern Ireland is at its lowest level for more than two years, according to a new report.
"I can never get those years back - the police must stop failing families in this way."
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a factory in the Swiss Alps, prosecutors say.
Plans to build a giant dragon on top of a former colliery site in Wrexham have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship does not make a "huge difference" to the club.
A woman has told a court that she was sexually abused and forced to have sex most days in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to live "more soberly" in his Christmas message at a Mass in Rome.
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur rights activist Abdul Fattah Tohti.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has survived his first zip wire experience at the Olympic Games.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic faces a wait to see if he will be able to secure his first win as Reading manager.
Northern Ireland's Six Nations match against Wales on Saturday has been postponed because of an accident involving a lorry.
Middlesbrough head coach Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 2-0 defeat by Hull City.
At least eight people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
What would you do if your children were told they would have to travel to other schools for A-levels?
Disney animation The Lion King has been inducted into the American Film Institute's Hall of Fame.
At least 160 people have been killed after a church collapsed in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says it will be "harder" playing New Zealand and Australia this summer.
A woman accused of indecently assaulting a young girl has told a court she was "hoping to get money from this".
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in their Intercontinental Cup match in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an attack at a school.
Bristol Rovers missed the chance to go top of Scottish League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Northampton Town.
Two-time world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says amateur boxers should be allowed to compete at the Olympic Games in Rio.
A dawn service has been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
US President Donald Trump has announced new sanctions against Iran for its ballistic missile programme.
This summer's GCSE results will be the last to be graded under the new grading system in England and Northern Ireland.
Four companies have been shortlisted for two new rail franchises in the north of England, the government has announced.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat overturned outside Brixham harbour.
Former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions have called for the remit of an inquiry into historical child abuse to be extended.
Intel, the world's biggest maker of personal computers, has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter net income.
The prime minister is to discuss how the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during his trip to Indonesia.
Airlines in Wales are to receive £3.7m from the Welsh government.
A letter written by a first-time mum has been left on the doorstep of a supermarket.
Two female suicide bombers have killed at least 22 people in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be brought forward by a month, the health board has announced.
A new national curriculum for secondary schools in Scotland has been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
A letter written by the future Queen about her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for more than £14,000.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has spent most of her life away from home.
Air pollution levels at London's Heathrow airport have been "far more critically" than previously thought, according to new research.
Great Britain are "very confident" the Davis Cup final will go ahead despite a security alert in Belgium, says the Federation of Tennis Associations (FTF).
At least 10 people have been killed after a light aircraft crashed into a minivan near the capital, Accra.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering an 18-year-old who had befriended him.
She is the daughter of former prison officer David McClarty, who is now Northern Ireland's new justice minister.
Bristol Rovers manager Ken Clarke says he does not fear for his job despite the takeover of the League Two club by the Al-Qadi family.
Prosecutors in Japan have opened an investigation into the death of a woman who was allegedly overworked.
It's the opening weekend of the 2016-17 Premier League season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Solomons Nkurunziza reflects on the lack of maintenance in the country.
An 81-year-old motorcyclist has died after collapsing while trying to raise money for a hospice.
Permian and Cracksman have been added to the line-up for this year's Cheltenham Gold Cup at Aintree.
Output in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
Three French nationals have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the northern Mali capital, Bamako.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will return to Paris St-Germain "like a legend".
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" at the club.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Republic of Ireland striker Michael Morrison on loan until the end of the season.
Tennis tournament Wimbledon was the most popular sporting event in the UK in 2015, according to new research from Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from practising dentures after a woman was left with a gap between her gums and teeth.
Costa Cruises captain Massimo Schettino has been jailed for seven years for causing the Costa Concordia to sink off the coast of Italy.
At London 2012, 12 British Olympians won more than one medal.
Jade Jones could become the next Ronda Rousey when she competes at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, according to Welsh taekwondo coach John Johns.
Photographs of people dressed in their workwear have gone on show in Brighton.
Worcestershire batsman Ben Wells has signed a two-year contract extension to keep him at Lord's until the end of the 2019 season.
Rail operator Arriva Trains Wales has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates in Cardiff.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology to add dimensions to the back of the device.
At a memorial service in Riga, Latvia, tens of thousands of war veterans and their supporters are marching through the streets of the capital.
Preparations have been stepped up to protect areas at risk of flooding in north Wales following heavy rain over the weekend.
The former speaker of Brazil's lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, has been arrested as part of a corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Moore is among those taking part in an award-winning documentary about life changing moments.
Prime Minister Theresa May and first minister Carwyn Jones have clashed in the House of Commons over the contents of the Article 50 letter.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight the militant Islamist group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has announced.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
An oilman has been fined £20,000 after admitting running a petrol pump for more than an hour in an oil field off Aberdeenshire.
Plans to allow English and Welsh MPs to speak in the House of Commons should be treated with caution, an MP has said.
Police investigating a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim say they have found a "substantial number" of explosive devices.
At least 35 people have been killed in an explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, local media report.
A chronology of key events:Key events:
Midfielder Ben Vokes is confident Wales can qualify for next year's World Cup in Russia.
Former US football star OJ Simpson is to plead not guilty in a Las Vegas court to charges of conspiracy to commit murder in 2007.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Derby County and Kilmarnock striker Michael Sammon on a three-year deal.
German cyclist Andreas Kreuziger has been cleared to compete in the Tour de France despite being banned from cycling for two years.
The Stakeknife inquiry is being used as a political football to beat the British government, according to the family of one of the victims.
An organic farmer has accused Tesco of using an "inappropriate" image of him pulling carrots on his organic farm.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook's chief executive Mark Zuckerberg held a townhall meeting in Menlo Park, California, on Wednesday.
Former Genk boss Alex McLeish has been appointed head coach of Egyptian side Zamalek.
Eritrea has been accused by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) of human rights abuses, including the killing of seven children by armed men.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video appeared to show him punching a fellow passenger in the face.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza Poldark in Downton Abbey, has died at the age of 89.
Environmental groups have called for district heating to be made more widely available in Scotland.
Three-weekly wheelie bin collections are to be introduced in Flintshire.
The family of a student who was killed in a crash have paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by tourists in Europe.
One of Wales' biggest beach festivals has been cancelled due to "extremely severe weather conditions".
Keaton Warner, Mitchell McClenaghan and Gambhir are among the players who will take part in this year's Rising Pune Supergiants tournament.
Google’s attempt to provide internet connectivity to rural areas has taken another step forward.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said it is "very optimistic" about plans for a new military support depot in Gloucestershire.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it is "encouraged" by the success of an anti-drug campaign.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
The body of a woman has been found at a block of flats in Dundee.
Remaining a member of the European Union could reduce net migration to the UK by up to 100,000 a year, a think tank has suggested.
The government is in breach of its EU air pollution obligations, a High Court judge has ruled.
Lawyers for convicted killer Syed Ali Syed have been granted permission to present new evidence in his murder trial.
Three pieces of gold worth more than £1,000 have been discovered during a treasure hunt in Wiltshire.
A man has been jailed over the death of a disabled diver whose body was found in a Newport lake.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement believes striker Fernando Llorente is one of the best strikers in the world.
The Stormont Executive will not be able to produce a budget until at least the end of July.
The father of a two-year-old British girl detained in Iran is to present a birthday card to her Iranian grandmother.
Scientists in California say they have made the first human foetuses in the world.
Tanzania's President Jacob Zuma has said he wants the country to move closer to the African Union (AU).
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the best-selling books of all time.
Christmas tree lighting in Caerphilly town centres has been cancelled because of budget cuts.
French Ligue 1 club Marseille have agreed a deal to sell the club for an undisclosed fee, owner Jean-Claude McCourt has confirmed.
Sir Chris Hoy has been chosen as the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
The father of a Swansea schoolgirl who was taken to Saudi Arabia after kissing a man has been ordered to return by a High Court judge.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid yng Ngwlad Pwyl.
MPs are to debate plans to change the way English and Welsh MPs vote in the House of Commons.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a study by the University of Hong Kong.
In the wake of the political crisis, the Northern Ireland Executive's plan to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland has been put on hold.
Plans to increase the number of car parking spaces in Oxford city centre have gone on display.
Gay rights activists in the Russian republic of Chechnya say they have been detained and tortured in what they say is a crackdown on gay people.
Nico Rosberg says there is an "urgent" fightback from Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in Sunday's Russian Grand Prix.
Russian authorities have issued a new law that restricts access to social media accounts run by opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
Spanish police say they have foiled an international smuggling ring involving thousands of illegal immigrants.
Six people have been killed by a gunman who opened fire on a train in Berlin, police have said.
Nottingham Forest head coach Andrew Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club.
Mo Farah became the first Briton to win 10,000m gold and four 4x100m relays at the World Athletics Championships with victory in London.
Theresa Cameron has told the Times that the death of her son, David, changed her life.
Concerns have been raised after two elderly women were conned out of thousands of pounds in a series of cold calls.
One of Northern Ireland's leading peace negotiators, Fr Alec Reid, has died.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola said it was "easy to love" his players after his side reached the Champions League semi-finals.
The future of the dairy industry in Wales could be secured if farmers join forces with processors.
A woman and a five-year-old girl who died in a car crash in Berkshire have been named by police.
Football's world governing body Fifa has approved tougher anti-racism measures, including a five-match suspension for any racist offence.
League One side Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
A man's body has been found following a house fire in Brighton.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
New Zealand head coach Steve Owens says he plans to stay in charge of international rugby until 2019.
Five people have been charged in connection with the killing of an Israeli man in the occupied West Bank in October, Israeli officials say.
Real Madrid's Kaka has been called up to the Brazil squad for this summer's Copa America.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is expected to announce the closure of its control room in Aberdeen next month.
A man is to stand trial accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Cardiff council AMs have launched an attempt to ban letting agent fees.
Plastic surgeons in the UK are being urged to give patients more information about the risks associated with cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards scored the only goal of the game as Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter-finals with victory at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have a trade-off between having bigger vocal folds and having bigger testes, a study suggests.
Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison in the US for hacking into US government email accounts.
Plans for a "truck stunt" at Cardiff Central railway station have been approved by the assembly.
The head of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has called for witnesses to give evidence by the end of the year.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he feared for his life after he was beaten up by an unidentified man.
More Welsh-speaking teachers are to be recruited as part of a drive to increase the number of Welsh-medium teachers in Wales.
Three nurses who mistreated a man who suffered a brain haemorrhage have been given caution orders.
More than £2,000 worth of rubbish has been found at recycling centres in Surrey, the county council has said.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump tweeted that the attack on the Champs-Elysees theatre in Paris was "a very, very terrible thing".
A US military base in Washington state is under investigation over allegations that hundreds of soldiers were wrongly diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
BBC Radio 1 DJ David James has become the latest presenter to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
An Isle of Man beach charity has been given a £2.5m grant from the government.
Tommy Ward produced a stunning comeback to beat John Isner in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals.
An underwater forest thought to date back more than 10,000 years has been discovered off the coast of Devon.
A man who tried to smuggle more than £3,000 worth of heroin into a Dundee prison has been jailed for five years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University following concerns about the safe storage of chemicals.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened an exhibition on the Greek island of Lesbos, which he described as "the most beautiful place in the world".
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq war is to be questioned by MPs about the way the inquiry was conducted.
Fe wnaeth hi a swyddogion eraill wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach.
As the UK votes to leave the European Union, the pound has fallen to its lowest level against the dollar for 30 years.
There has been a "startling disconnect" between policies encouraging whistleblowing and what happens in practice, MPs have said.
Sydney's Opera House has switched off its lights for an hour as part of an environmental campaign.
Hundreds of thousands of people have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who was killed in North Korea last year.
World number one Harry Maguire said it was "embarrassing" that he could not qualify for the second round of the World Championship.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a setback in her bid for a fourth term in office after the right-wing Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) party came second in a regional election.
One in four men and one in 20 women smoked daily in the world between 1990 and 2015, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the drivers of not putting on a "very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined and ordered to pay more than £1m following an incident which led to the deaths of five workers.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are due to meet the prime minister in London later.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a gunfight with his bodyguards in southern Afghanistan, the BBC has learned.
Two teenage drug dealers have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer.
A murder inquiry has been launched after the body of a man was found at a house in Loughborough.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in Glasgow city centre.
Ticket restrictions have been lifted for Chester and Wrexham's FA Cup third-round tie.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed goalkeeper Tomasz Klich on a two-year contract.
Paint has been sprayed on the front of a former council hall in Londonderry.
Ecuador is to make a formal protest against the UK for paying for policing around its embassy in London.
In the wake of Russia and Iran's air strikes in Syria, there is growing hope that a negotiated solution to the country's long-running conflict can be found.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims Algeria's goalball team tried to boycott the Rio Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach Europe by boat.
Plans for a new tennis court at Buckingham Palace have been lodged by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
The UK government's resettlement programme for Syrian refugees faces "significant challenges", the National Audit Office (NAO) has warned.
A 19-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was attacked in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send the UK's Solar Orbiter (SolO) probe into the Solar System.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Nicola Sturgeon's move to push for a second independence referendum.
Northern Ireland's economy grew in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Rowing enthusiasts from both Edinburgh and Glasgow are preparing for one of the world's oldest sporting rivalries.
Nationwide has reported a fall in mortgage lending in the first three months of the year.
An investigation into the downing of a Russian military jet in Turkey last month has found no evidence of flight patterns, officials say.
Kent have signed South African all-rounder Sean Dickson for their T20 Blast campaign.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who was badly burned when he was hit by a barbecue said she felt "relieved helpless".
The UK's vote to leave the EU could be the "second-longest suicide note" in Labour's history, a leading Eurosceptic MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 22-year-old woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he has "never lost his mind" over allegations of match-fixing during his 17-year tenure at the world football body.
A lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World's theme park in Florida after a boy was killed by an alligator.
Michael Gove has admitted that Theresa May "no longer had a place for me in the cabinet".
It would not be in the interests of Scotland, of the United Kingdom, or of Europe to turn its back on criminal justice co-operation after the Brexit vote, a senior judge has said.
A court in the Indian city of Mumbai has ordered Bollywood star Salman Khan to stand trial for culpable homicide after his car crashed into a bakery killing a man in 2002.
More than 400 homes planned for a "garden city" in south-west England have no landline or phone lines, residents have said.
An Australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for helping a group of so-called Islamic State (IS) fighters travel to Syria.
GPs in England have been criticised by the British Medical Association (BMA) over the length of consultations they have to give patients.
Liquor distilleries in Scotland and England are going through a period of "explosive creativity", according to new research.
Changes to grant funding to the Welsh Government could have a "large negative impact" on the Welsh budget, experts have warned.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye says the Sewol ferry will be raised "at the earliest possible date".
The widow of a man shot dead by police said she feared her husband was going to kill himself, an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Scotland's Ryan Fitzpatrick share the lead heading into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
The number of parks in the UK is at a "tipping point" and councils need to do more to protect them, a group of MPs has said.
In 2014, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the world's most followed politician on Twitter.
An 18th Century book borrowed from Hereford Cathedral School has been returned to its former home.
Hull City striker Lucas Clucas has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian woman has died in intensive care after a gynaecologist refused to abort her foetuses in order to save her life, her lawyer has said.
US rock band Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against the owners of one of the band's fan clubs.
Nick Kyrgios beat Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A man has been jailed for 16 years after he admitted raping a woman in the 1980s.
Plans have been announced for a major resurfacing of one of Scotland's busiest container ports.
Gardeners are being warned about an incurable plant which has turned bluebell bulbs in Dumfries and Galloway.
US sportsman Stan Kroenke has ordered his Outdoor Sportsman TV channel, MOTV, to remove all content related to trophy hunting.
A man has been jailed for sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a pensioner in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died while trying to rescue his pet dog has paid tribute to him.
A "highly dangerous" man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of the attempted murder of a Greek tourist.
Former Aberdeen, Hibernian and Rangers manager Tom Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up ahead of the World Cup qualifiers.
More than 50 Syrian refugees are to be resettled in Northern Ireland over the next five years.
A woman has been jailed for causing the death of an 81-year-old woman by driving into the face of on-coming traffic.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third and final stage of the Tour de Yorkshire in a sprint finish.
Transgender young people in Scotland are less likely to feel safe reporting hate crimes, according to a new report.
A driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Brazilian footballer Neymar has appeared in court in Madrid accused of defrauding his former club Barcelona out of millions of dollars.
Postal ballot papers for the general election in Hull have been printed without the full names of the candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he is "excited" about the next cycle of the Six Nations following the death of Shane Williams.
It's one of football's most talked-about topics.
An oil and gas company has threatened to sue the National Trust over its refusal to allow it to survey land for shale gas.
Five men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of more than £100,000 were seized by police.
Manchester City have signed England full-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for an undisclosed fee.
A racoon had to be rescued from the roof of a house after a woman thought her husband had lost the plot.
A dog has been stolen during a break-in at an Enterprise Centre in Aberdeen.
A Rwandan man has been extradited to Canada to face charges of inciting genocide during the 1994 genocide.
A vote to leave the European Union would make the UK less attractive for international students, according to a survey.
An Australian father has been jailed for seven and a half years for sexually abusing his 14-year-old daughter.
The US podcast Serial is to be turned into a TV series.
The current council tax system in Scotland is "unfair", according to a report.
More than 200 hens have been put up for rehoming in Wrexham because they are too fat to lay eggs.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Hull FC full-back Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
The body of a man whose remains were found in a lay-by may not have been murdered, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says he will not return to coaching.
One in 10 people in the UK carries a faulty gene that increases the risk of a stroke, UK researchers say.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney charged in connection with the murder of an Australian police officer.
Google has announced it is shutting down its Explorer programme for its Glass smart glasses.
An explosive device has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has overhauled the country's security apparatus in an effort to keep up with the latest developments.
Farming supplies group Harbro Group has reported a rise in profits and turnover despite the impact of Brexit.
US President Donald Trump has said he will "have to see" whether special counsel Robert Mueller should step down as part of an investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election.
The Isle of Wight Council has called on the government to rethink its policy on term-time holidays following a High Court ruling that a father's seven-day absence was unlawful.
The wife of Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has been shot in the head in the capital Bujumbura.
Telecoms giants O2 and Vodafone are to meet later to discuss how to speed up the rollout of 4G services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for so-called Islamic State (IS).
Plans for a shake-up of the English Football League's fixture schedule have attracted mixed reactions.
An Indian restaurant owner has described the government's immigration rules as "total insanity".
England fly-half Chris Robshaw says his side's discipline was "shocking" as they lost to France at Twickenham.
A brand of gin has been recalled in Canada after it was found to be too high.
Professional boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering "severe bleeding and swelling to his brain" following a fight.
Daimler, Germany's biggest carmaker, has agreed to fix its diesel emissions software as part of an investigation into possible fraud.
Scientists say they have developed a new mix of cement that will be able to keep radioactive isotopes trapped underground.
All the results from Saturday's Division Two games between Pembroke and Bready.
A football fan has admitted throwing a corkscrew at Clacton fans during a match.
A group of US writers have called for a boycott of a literary event in the wake of last year's attack on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Hospitals in England should not be paying more than 55% above normal shift rates for agency staff, according to new figures.
Workers at a glass manufacturer in County Antrim are being offered the "bare minimum, statutory redundancy", a union has said.
For three times in the past five years, Poundland has sold millions of pounds worth of goods at discount prices.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car ploughed into a barrier on an island.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder following the death of an 18-year-old man at a flat in County Antrim.
A new method of giving contraception to women in the developing world is being developed by the Gates Foundation.
The police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland is to resume investigations into more than 150 historical cases over the next six years.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League.
Winds of up to 70mph (113km/h) have battered parts of south Wales, causing damage and disruption.
A soldier has died and four others have been injured after their vehicle plunged into a river in Taiwan, the army says.
Michael Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the investigation into corruption at Fifa, has died at the age of 72.
Ospreys missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by Connacht at Kingspan Stadium.
Nine months ago, British teenager Billy Hill was seriously injured in a motorbike accident.
One of Sunderland's best-loved DIY music shops has closed after it was sold for student flats.
Luton Town have offered new contracts to seven players, including youngsters Alex King, Ben Potts and Jordan King.
Lille striker Karim Benzia has submitted a transfer request to world football's governing body Fifa.
England women's netball team are set to become the first in the world to receive full-time central contracts.
Voting has closed in the election for the new chief constable of South Wales Police.
A drug that mimics the action of folic acid selectively to latch on to cancer cells has shown promise in early stages of ovarian cancer, say researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released a CCTV video of the last time she was seen.
Two years ago, The KLF announced that they were quitting the music industry.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota is in a "critical but stable condition" in hospital after undergoing operation to remove her right eye.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at an 18th Century building in Glasgow city centre.
US President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to represent the US at the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned high-ranking civil servants from going to China for further education amid concerns that they may be spying for China.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it will be "frightening" and "exciting" to be relegated from League One this season.
The last British combat troops in Afghanistan are due to leave their base in Penicuik later this month.
Laura Pergolizzi didn't think her career was going to turn out to be anything special.
Premier League leaders Chelsea came from behind to beat Premier League leaders Manchester City at Stamford Bridge.
Former British middleweight champion Darren Wilkins has been banned from the sport for six months after being found guilty of illegal conduct.
The mother of a Liverpool fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster was among those killed, inquests have heard.
The inventor of a robot that can play video games is to be part of this year's XpoNorth music festival.
League Two side Cambridge United have been drawn away to League Two side Manchester United in the third round of the FA Cup.
Rotherham United have made three changes to their squad following the departure of Danny O'Donnell and Joe Hogan, and re-signing Ben Mafuta.
Pep Guardiola will make his first start in charge of Manchester City since winning the Champions League last season with victory over Monaco.
National League side Barrow have parted company with manager Paul Cox by mutual consent.
A beekeeper who died after suffering an allergic reaction to a bee stinging accidentally spilled the contents on the floor, a court heard.
Forest Green came from behind to beat Torquay 5-5 in the National League.
In the northern Nigerian town of Chibok, where Monica and Sarah Lawan were abducted by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in April last year, Rev Mark Adebayo says he is still trying to find out if they are still alive.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise smacking children within the family.
In the early 1950s, a group of Kikuyu fighters from the Mau Mau ethnic group fought against British-led African Home Guard troops in Kenya.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a two-year contract extension with the Championship club.
Pictures have emerged showing Prince Harry carrying out a "top secret mission" to remove a crocodile from an Australian harbour.
Australia umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai because of a concussion.
The boss of Nissan has told the BBC that the company's sponsorship of the Rio Olympics will help boost sales in Brazil.
Hundreds of crayfish have been reintroduced to the River Wye as part of efforts to prevent a total wipe-out of the species.
Security staff have been evacuated from the O2 arena after a restaurant caught fire.
Dallas Buyers Club, the sequel to 2012's 12 Years a Slave, has topped the US and Canada box office chart ahead of Sunday's Oscars.
An investigation is under way after a cloud of "inky water" washed up on the base of Niagara Falls.
Dundee midfielder Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace the goalscorers Greg Stewart and Chris Hemmings.
Thousands of young athletes from around the world will compete at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics in Norway.
A UKIP councillor has defected to the Democratic Independent Group.
The exams watchdog, Ofqual, has issued guidelines to exam boards in England that say they must ensure the same standards are applied year-on-year.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition in southern Yemen, officials say.
Every year, thousands of Palestinian Christians gather in the Old City of Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
North Wales Police has been rated "requires improvement" in an annual review of police forces in England and Wales.
Oscar-winning actor Leonardo DiCaprio has paid tribute to his make-up artist at the Golden Globes.
The mother of a three-year-old boy who needs a second transplant has said she is "extremely grateful" to a donor who paid for his treatment.
Air France and KLM have been fined more than €200m (Â£195m) by the European Commission after it found they infringed the rights of some of the country's airlines.
Midfielder Steve King says Bournemouth's mentality will not see them "take the foot off the gas" as they battle to avoid relegation.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated from rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal.
The thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba in the space of six months was the most significant since the end of World War Two.
Olympique de Marseille owner Jacques McCourt has announced plans to buy the French club for an undisclosed sum.
Astronaut Emmanuel Pesquet has taken to social media to highlight the spectacular view of the Earth from his space station.
Police in Ukraine are investigating the death of a mother and her two young children in a Moscow flat.
Championship side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton Under-21 midfielder Jack McQueen on loan until the end of the season.
Plans to build a tunnel around Stonehenge are to be considered as part of a £1.4bn upgrade of the A303 in London, the BBC understands.
Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths had just arrived back in the UK from South Africa for the first time in almost two years.
The United Nations has accused Myanmar's security forces of systematically killing members of the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Schools and businesses have been closed after a water main burst.
Guernsey's FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Aston Villa was "not good enough" for the island, according to head coach Kevin Vance.
There are "four, five or six nations" that have a problem with Russian athletics, says former World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy is failing to protect young Muslims from radicalisation, a Labour MP has said.
Emmerdale fans are to be given tours of the former Coronation Street set for the first time.
More than 25 teachers at a Catholic secondary school in County Tyrone have called in sick.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Francesco Cesare looks at how the country's rural Mafia is trying to destroy his business.
The BBC's iPlayer app could be used by people with a range of disabilities, the corporation has said.
An augmented reality version of the website of a Celtic music festival has been launched.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Houvenaghel has announced her retirement from track and field following the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
The main draw at Wimbledon will be played on Sunday for the first time since the roof collapsed on Friday.
Police in Sicily have detained 15 volunteer fire fighters accused of trying to set fires deliberately.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has reached a 10-year high, the NSPCC has said.
Senior US and UK officials are meeting in Washington to discuss the "new aviation threat".
North Korea says it has made "significant progress" towards developing nuclear weapons.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms in a show of force in the region, hours after a ceasefire was agreed in Minsk.
Richard Keogh's first-half header earned Derby County victory over Grimsby.
The mother of murdered Arizona boy Christoper Milke has lost a bid to have a retrial thrown out.
Emergency services at East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) have been rated inadequate by health inspectors.
Tommy Mooy's second-half strike earned Huddersfield Town a narrow victory over Leeds United at Elland Road to go top of the Championship.
An independent journalist has gone to the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) to accuse BBC Look East bosses of "systematic corruption and poor management".
One person has been taken to hospital following a fire at a house in Inverness.
The search for a group of mountaineers who went missing in the US state of Washington may have been caught in an avalanche, officials have said.
Adam Weatherson scored twice as Queen's United came from behind to beat Queen's Park 3-2 in Scottish League Two.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years suffered a major blow as they were beaten by the Wallabies in Brisbane.
The ousted chairman of India's Tata Group has written an angry letter to the company's board, accusing it of failing to turn around its fortunes.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they are "still in shock and afraid" after Saturday's attacks in Paris.
Widnes Vikings have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League after their Super League game against Widnes was abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent".
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he will run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016.
Juan Mata scored twice as Chelsea came from behind to beat Sunderland at Stamford Bridge.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said the country has "the capability to attack" the US in the Pacific.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered fell more than 5% after the bank announced plans to raise $2.2bn (Â£1.3bn) in a share sale.
A man accused of murdering his great-granddaughter at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died in hospital.
The number of Bengal tigers living in the Sunderbans region of Bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level since records began 10 years ago.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the Premier League with a metatarsal fracture.
Two of Sport NI's board members have resigned.
Computer security firm Symantec says it has discovered a malicious software that infects millions of home routers.
Borussia Dortmund fans in the German city of Zentralstadion were the victims of a night of violence.
Two people have been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following two separate crashes in Powys.
Mexico's Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned following Donald Trump's controversial visit to the United States.
The battle for Tal Afar - one of the last remaining strongholds of the so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq - is being closely watched.
Lee Novak came off the bench to score the only goal of the game as Charlton came from behind to draw at Fleetwood.
Portsmouth's board should be given the chance to "look him in the eye" before deciding on the club's future, according to chief executive Steve Brown.
Footage has been released of a dead loggerhead turtle on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland.
Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for League One strugglers Scunthorpe at Vale Park.
Matt Revell and Ryan Varney scored as Ipswich came from behind to beat MK Dons in League One.
Former Fifa world player Mohamed Weah has been elected Liberia's first female president.
England's Tommy Fleetwood missed out on a place in the final round of the Shanghai Masters as Germany's Bernd Wiesberger won a penalty shoot-out.
Celtic Ladies have signed former Liverpool Ladies defender Mandy van den Berg on a two-year contract.
Torquay United have signed Barrow duo Myles Anderson and Ruairi Keating until the end of the season.
Belfast City Council has agreed to carry out an investigation into the storage of bonfire material in a public car park.
A dictionary of words by children's author Roald Dahl has been published by Oxford University.
A new TVR car factory is to be built in south Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "all over the place" as he lost his championship lead at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 edged higher, with shares in Marks and Spencer leading the way.
Portadown have been handed a one-match suspension by the Irish Football Association following the controversial comments made by Jamie Garrett in Saturday's Premiership game against Ards.
A light aircraft has crashed into a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former treasurer of the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £100,000.
Astronomers say they have discovered more of the world's most massive stars.
Roma have shut the Curva Sud section of their Olimpico stadium following racist chants directed at Mario Balotelli.
Substitute Craig Tanner scored the only goal of the game as promotion-chasing Plymouth beat League Two strugglers Crawley.
US cable network Discovery has agreed to buy media company Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£11bn).
Steven Caulker was "not involved in an altercation" during a QPR training session, according to the club's head of communications.
Oscar-winning actress Barbra Streisand has asked Apple's Siri to change the pronunciation of her name.
An Egyptian policeman has been shot dead during a protest in the central Cairo suburb of Rehab, the interior ministry says.
A pharmaceutical company in the US has reversed its decision to increase the price of one of the world's most expensive drugs.
Derby County striker Leon Martin says he feels a lot lighter after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris CDG to Glasgow was forced to make an emergency landing due to a "smoke of burning on board".
The health of five-year-olds in Wales has improved significantly since the 1970s and 1980s, according to the latest Welsh Government survey.
Manufacturing and retail sales in Northern Ireland are continuing to grow at their fastest rate in more than two years, according to the Ulster Bank.
Plans for a multi-million pound mixed-use development in Manchester city centre have been approved by former Premier League stars Wayne Rooney and Phil Neville.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a motorbike in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders manager Kevin Callaghan as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for seven years after he repeatedly shook a two-week-old baby in Edinburgh.
British number two Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the China Open with victory over Spain's Carla Garcia-Lopez.
Detectives investigating the kidnap and murder of Leicestershire schoolgirl Tonia Jones have re-arrested two men.
Chester boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable 3-0 win over Dagenham.
Rotherham United have re-signed ex-Dagenham & Redbridge captain Ben Wood for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
A "serious democratic deficit" in local elections in England has been identified by the Electoral Commission, with fewer than 20% of the electorate eligible to vote.
Wales fly-half Matthew Morgan has signed a two-year contract extension with Cardiff Blues.
Conor Henderson has signed a one-year contract extension with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes insists striker Peter Crouch's future is with the club.
One of Andy Warhol's most famous portraits of Mao Zedong has been put up for auction in Hong Kong.
Planning permission has been granted for David Beckham's proposed "Teletubbies" home in the flower's stigma.
Channing Tatum is to play a mermaid in a remake of the Oscar-nominated film 21 Jump Street, according to reports.
Moths have been installed in Hull in honour of the woman who died in a plane crash during World War Two.
The chancellor has said the government is willing to "reset fiscal policy" if it is needed after the UK leaves the EU.
More than 200,000 people are expected to attend this year's Lumiere in London, organisers have announced.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 at the Under-20 Hockey World League in the Czech Republic.
An Isle of Wight council has lost a legal bid to overturn a ban on fineing parents for taking their children to Disneyland.
The parents of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have paid tribute to their "like the Tasmanian devil".
A US soldier has been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (DSM) for his bravery during an attack on a Taliban outpost in Afghanistan.
The government should introduce a cap on the number of unskilled migrants coming to the UK, according to a new report.
An investigation is under way after a fire broke out at an underground London Underground station during Crystal Palace's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.
Katarina Seonaid has become the third member of the McIntosh sisters to win individual shooting gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in Poland.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Olympic skeleton gold medallist Lizzy Yarnold has become the first British athlete to win a medal in the sport's 14-year history.
British flyweight Nicola Adams will make her professional debut when she defends her WBA super-bantamweight title against Mexico's Juana Salazar in Manchester on Saturday.
Olympic bronze medallist Liam Heath won the men's K1 200m kayak event in the first race of the season.
The Ellan Vannin football team have qualified for next year's European Under-21 Championship.
One of Bristol's last remaining dry dockyards is set to sail for Edinburgh.
Too many older people in care homes have an "unacceptable quality of life", according to a report.
The price of the right to buy in England could be doubled under government plans to revive the so-called "right to buy" scheme.
The number of people diagnosed with syphilis in London has more than doubled in a year.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Edinburgh.
Portsmouth have re-signed Belgium Under-21 international midfielder Emmanuel Adebayo on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest manager Paulo Brazil says he is "not aware of where the club is in terms of looking for a new manager".
Hundreds of koalas, kangaroos and wallabies have been injured by bushfires in Australia.
Newborn babies with a cleft palate should be diagnosed with the condition within a month of birth, doctors say.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have had their employment terminated, the BBC understands.
York City have re-signed Macclesfield Town striker Craig Parkin on a one-year contract.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to expand bus services to areas not currently covered by the government's Bus Services Bill.
People on low carbohydrate and low fat diets are more likely to lose weight than those on high protein diets, a study suggests.
A factory worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by heavy metal frames.
England international Laura Nobbs has signed a new one-year contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has urged Super League to "give Super League a pat on the back" after the Super League side won the 2017 World Club Series.
Satellites will be able to transmit real-time data from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 to ground stations around the world.
The Chinese government has admitted that the illegal trade in tiger skins is happening in China, wildlife experts say.
Sterling's "shaky" performance this month has provided a timely reminder that challenges lie ahead for the UK economy, a think tank has said.
A Flintshire man has admitted making threats to kill police officers in Flintshire.
Dutch airline KLM has expanded flights between Inverness and Amsterdam.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster in a thrilling Pro12 play-off.
Plans to build a UK spaceport in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead after a public consultation.
Arcade Fire dominated the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury on Friday night, as the festival was hit by severe thunderstorms.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the start date for the Women's Champions Trophy.
At least four people have been killed in an ambush by Boko Haram militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to Irish actor Michael Lally, who has died at the age of 83.
Middlesex batsman Mark Robson hit his highest-ever first-class score to help his side beat Warwickshire on day two at Edgbaston.
Coral bleaching at one of the world's most pristine coral reefs may not be sustainable because of global warming, say scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen after a deal was reached between Cyprus and the rest of the eurozone to stabilise its banks.
A cancer sufferer has reached the summit of Mount Everest after raising more than £40,000 for charity.
Volunteers in Denbighshire say they will hand in their keys to a council-run hall after the rent was doubled.
Tributes have been paid to three members of the Walsall football family killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
The quality of science lessons in Welsh schools is a "vital factor" in the development of the next generation of scientists, according to education watchdog Estyn.
More than 12,000 Muslims have pledged to "stand guard" at Jewish cemeteries across the US in response to recent bomb threats.
Two drug dealers have been jailed for a "torture, relentless and savage" killing of a drug dealer in North Lanarkshire.
Pop star Kylie Minogue took to the stage for the first time at this year's Parklife festival in Manchester.
Manager Mark Warburton will leave Brentford at the end of the season as part of a "transformation of the club's football management".
A senior aide to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was "probably one of the people" caught up in a corruption scandal at the centre-right UMP party.
Barack Obama will visit Cuba for the first time since taking office in 2009.
An investigation has been launched after a fire broke out on board a passenger ferry.
Two men have been jailed in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car while crossing a road in Dubai.
Dutch cosmetics firm Nivea has apologised after a racist advert for its Invisible for Black & White products was shared on social media.
Cambridge extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Exeter.
Former Wales international Mike Phillips has joined Premiership side Sale Sharks from French side Racing 92.
UK scientists say they have made a significant breakthrough in their quest to map seismic activity around the globe.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister David Cameron's response to the election results.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the final one-day international at The Wanderers to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
UKIP MEP Nathan Gill is a part-time member of the party's Welsh assembly group, the party has confirmed.
An Easyjet plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam due to a "strong smell of smoke".
Too many young people in England are being offered qualifications of little worth as it should be by society, a think tank has warned.
Plans to build a hydroelectric power station on a river in Snowdonia have been shelved because of concerns over salmon fisheries.
Five men have been jailed for eight years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into Wales.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has been airlifted to hospital after suffering brain damage during a pre-season friendly.
It was 73 years ago today that Sir William Rennie outlined his vision for the welfare state.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A is "not good for football".
One of the UK's largest financial services firms has announced plans to create 500 new jobs in Manchester.
David Cameron "deserves to find a role commensurate with his talents" as Nato secretary-general, an MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB and Paralympics GB.
Twitter has become an increasingly popular platform for social media users in Russia, where political tensions between the West and the Kremlin are escalating.
New Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon had no intention of returning to the Scottish Championship.
Cameroon defender Adama Chedjou has signed for Turkish champions Istanbul Basaksehir.
West Lothian and Livingston will be the battleground for the Labour Party in the general election, with the Conservatives hoping to take the seat from SNP leader Nicola Wolfson.
The Home Office has been urged to make it easier for police, security services and other agencies to hack into children's toys.
Myanmar's armed groups have signed a collective agreement with the government to end decades of conflict.
Venezuela's F-16 fighter jets have shot down an unauthorised drug-trafficking plane near the capital Caracas, officials say.
Mental health services for pregnant and newborn mothers are to be funded by the Welsh government.
A Chinese tech firm has agreed to pay more than $1bn (Â£770m) in penalties and a suspended prison sentence in the US.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic has more than doubled in a year, according to a UN report.
A man has admitted killing his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" as their two sons slept upstairs.
France will remain "by the side" of the Malian army for as long as it takes, the UN special envoy to Mali has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at strengthening ties between the two countries.
Pupils and staff have been forced to leave their schools due to flooding in Warwickshire.
A swan has been released back into the wild after getting stuck on the roof of a London boutique.
Theresa May's pledge to increase spending on the NHS and social care in England is a "dangerous and damaging direction", the Liberal Democrats have said.
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Veteran Simpsons actor Harry Shearer has said he will not be part of the new series, following reports that he was offered a new deal.
NHS nurses in England will have to take out a student loan to pay for their courses, under plans being proposed by the government.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have had their approval revoked.
Olympic gold medallist Kadeena Richards-Ross has spoken of the "brokenness" in the sport after revealing she had an abortion.
The UK's Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be part of any trade deal with the European Union.
Ahead of Holyrood's election later this month, BBC Scotland is asking you what you want to know about politics in Scotland.
Actress Jodie Whittaker has criticised the lack of opportunities for black and minority actors in the UK.
The government's plans for more selective education in England may only benefit the most disadvantaged pupils, research suggests.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says his body has been "made out of glass" as he continues to struggle with injury.
Ten years ago this week I was offered the chance to photograph Steve Jobs’ iPhone at the Moscone Centre.
A £58m research and innovation centre has been officially opened in Newcastle.
Yorkshire Diamonds have re-appointed former Essex head coach Helen Grayson as their new head coach.
Yeovil Town have re-signed Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Sweeney and Stoke City defender Dominic Telford on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate rose slightly in May from the previous month, partly due to falling air and sea fares.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will get tax sharing powers before 2021.
Olympic bronze medallist Sarah Graddon says she has given up hope of competing at Rio 2016.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two commuter trains in California.
One of the world's most-visited websites, The Pirate Bay, is back online.
Team news and previews for all of Saturday's Premier League games.
Global temperatures will almost certainly rise above 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to new research.
The number of animal welfare cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales rose last year, according to new figures.
A drug addict who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard after she went missing has been jailed.
Cliftonville manager Jim Mulgrew expects his side to be "on top of their game" when they host Ards in the Gibson Cup on Tuesday.
How safe are the world's big international banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Mark Ingram is relishing the prospect of playing in the Indian Premier League for the next few years.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Australian Grand Prix as Red Bull said it was "the wrong way to go".
A top Fifa official has been suspended for three years after admitting making inappropriate comments about Qatar's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
The body of an 81-year-old man has been found after a house fire in Edinburgh.
Photographs taken during the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s and 80s are to go on show in Greater Manchester.
Michael Vaughan says Newcastle's new-look squad have the mentality to compete in the Championship this season.
When Donald Trump announced his intention to pull the US out of the 2015 Paris climate agreement, it was a major blow for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona midfielder Gerard Pique says his side are "not in the best moment" following their Champions League quarter-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said a merger of the Leave and Remain campaigns will be a "unifying moment" for those backing EU exit.
Leading Muslim clerics in Mauritania have called on the country's Supreme Court to spare the life of a blogger jailed for blasphemy.
A company has admitted health and safety breaches following the death of a worker who inhaled toxic chemicals while wearing only trainers, tracksuits and fleece.
The UK's first nuclear-powered submarine has been officially launched at the Royal Navy's Barrow yard.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he wants manager Chris Coleman to stay at the club "for many years to come".
Security researchers say they have discovered flaws in the global communications system used by transport companies.
The Duchess of Cornwall has not been named in the Queen's New Year's Honours list.
An Egyptian goose nest has been discovered in a nesting box on a Norfolk nature reserve.
Burnley striker Ben Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 as Surrey held on for a draw with Hampshire in the One-Day Cup.
One of the UK's largest care home operators is set to announce a major restructuring in a bid to save the firm from collapse.
Tens of thousands of cancer patients in England have missed waiting time targets for the first time in three months, according to charities.
Some species of plants and animals could lose more than half of their habitat if global temperatures rise above pre-industrial levels, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported record annual pre-tax profits of £1.3m, boosted by record passenger numbers and a decision on a new runway at Heathrow.
A former cabinet minister and ex-economy chief minister have been named in a report into the sale of council properties.
Premier League clubs have agreed to donate a share of proceeds from next month's Community Shield match to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo have been "paralysed" by air strikes by government forces and Russian-backed militias, activists say.
The death of a physiotherapist who fell from a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital was not caused by failings in training, a court has heard.
The "embarrassing beliefs" associated with Christianity should not be relegated to secondary schools, Archbishop of Canterbury Alun Wyn Williams has said.
A large fire has broken out in a row of five terraced houses in Londonderry.
Plans to create a single council in Oxfordshire have been branded a "disaster".
National League side Torquay United have signed defender Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Salisbury City.
The Co-operative Group says it has made a "good start" on its "three year journey" to rebuild its fortunes.
Nato warships are taking part in one of the largest ever anti-submarine operations in the Atlantic.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded in California, destroying a cargo ship that was due to launch on Wednesday.
A woman has appeared in court accused of pointing her fingers at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine in a "fire sign".
A new model of how a giant asteroid slammed into the Earth has been developed by scientists.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after he was charged with assaulting a woman at a court in Johannesburg.
Joe McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the World League 2 semi-finals in Belfast.
Rare seahorse sightings have been recorded on a beach in Bristol for the first time in more than 30 years.
An Indian artist who created sculptures at a rock garden in the western city of Chandigarh has died at the age of 88.
British Cycling was not based around motivation through fear or performance through fear, according to Sir Dave Brailsford.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland, including a recommendation that a consultant psychiatrist should be involved.
The timetable for England's public exams has been drawn up 18 months before it was published.
Zinedine Zidane has been allowed to continue as Real Madrid reserve-team coach for the rest of the season.
A new road has opened in Taunton after more than two years of delays caused by technical problems.
Peterborough United boss Neil McCann says Kieran Maddison is one of the best players in the Championship.
MSPs have called on Police Scotland to halt a programme of closures of regional control centres.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will retire from international football at the end of the World Cup.
Burundi's public prosecutor's office has confirmed that a military general was shot dead in the capital, Bujumbura.
Oscar-winning actress Sofia Vergara has topped Forbes' list of the world's highest paid actresses.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Nepal have been forced to flee their homes in the wake of Saturday's devastating earthquake.
Cuba's president has accused US President Donald Trump of using "old and hostile rhetoric" on human rights, as the two countries prepare to resume diplomatic relations.
Actor David Tennant says he "knew at the last second" he was going to star in a new West End play that includes references to Donald Trump.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of how it protects President Barack Obama, according to an independent review.
Gibraltar has said it is open to the possibility that some parts of the UK's membership of the European Union could be stripped out.
Drivers on Arriva Trains Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Paraguay's President Fernando Lugo has said he will not seek re-election in the lower house of parliament in a vote on constitutional reform.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin by phone on Tuesday, German media report.
Syrian rebels say they have captured the town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS).
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan was beaten 10-1 by Judd Trump in the first round of the PDC World Championship.
There will be "hopeful" in 2015 if the Conservatives win the general election, the first minister has said.
Stalking has become a specific criminal offence in Wales and England and more than 100 people have been charged in the past five years, a charity has said.
China is set to overtake India as the world's biggest share of young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Bank staff in England and Wales are being trained in how to spot fraudsters.
Ealing Central and Acton is set to be the battleground for Labour in the general election.
Five Ospreys rugby union players have taken part in the first of a series of recycling events across Wales.
Flights have been cancelled at Gatwick Airport due to bad weather conditions.
Mexico striker Javier Hernandez is set to join West Ham on a season-long loan from Bayer Leverkusen.
When you think of Shakespeare's playhouse, you might think of an indoor playhouse or an outdoor one.
Swansea City have reached a deal to buy the Premier League club from Swansea City Council.
Queens Park Rangers manager Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly abusing a match official during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Tottenham.
Wales captain Richie Barclay says Scarlets' Pro12 semi-final win over Munster reminds him of his time in Glasgow.
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry 40 years ago.
The story of a Chinese teenager hiding in a cargo hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has gone viral on Chinese social media.
It would be a "huge risk" for the government to cut the TV licence fee to a civil offence, the director general of the BBC has said.
Plans for a new coal-fired power station have been given the go-ahead.
Black seamen across the Caribbean fought in World War Two and helped rebuild Britain's cultural landscape forever.
Former England manager Sam Allardyce says it would be a "great shame" for the women's football team to miss out on Olympic qualification.
One of the UK's rarest birds of prey has returned to Breckland for the first time in five years.
Former Scottish Labour leader Jack McConnell has said Johann Lamont has been "badly advised" as she stepped down as leader of the party in Scotland.
Japanese chipmaker Softbank has agreed to buy ARM Holdings in a $20bn (Â£12bn) deal.
Edinburgh secured their place in the second round of the Scottish Cup with a 2-2 draw away to Dunfermline Athletic.
One in eight workers in the south west of England is too ill to work before they even get to the state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
An investigation into fire safety at a Coventry hospital has found it could have been destroyed in the "in the unlikely event of a fire".
A man has been charged in connection with an explosion at a police station in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has launched a new set of stamps to mark the 150th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of customers of Carphone Warehouse's iD Mobile and TalkTalk websites may have been the victims of a cyber-attack, the company has said.
An Isle of Man Pilates class has been recreated in memory of one of the world's most famous prisoners of war.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video showing the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom in his pyjamas, covered in a duvet.
Hospitals in England are expected to overspend by £3.8bn by the end of the financial year.
David Cameron's EU reform plan could see a "surge" of migrants coming to the UK in the next 12 months, a former Tory leadership contender has warned.
Lance Armstrong should be stripped of his Tour de France title if he is clean, according to his former team-mate Chris LeMond.
Malaysia's government has criticised Swiss authorities for saying billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund.
The Northern Ireland Secretary is being investigated over the use of the word 'Derry' when referring to Londonderry City Council.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has topped the North American box office in its first weekend of release.
Microsoft has revealed details of its next generation console, Project Scorpio.
A UKIP MP has resigned after posting on Facebook comments critical of US President Barack Obama, UKIP has confirmed.
They're one of the best-loved children's books.
Supermarket chain Pret says it will pay 16-18-year-olds who took part in its "Big Experience Week" to get a taste of what working at the firm is like.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the takeover of the National League club has "sealed" his future.
Irish writer KJ Orr has been named the winner of the BBC National Short Story Award.
A series of shark attacks in the Red Sea off the coast of Egypt has left one person dead and several others injured.
An eight-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial service in Edinburgh to help those affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
Hundreds of farmers have held a rally outside the Scottish Parliament.
Alastair Cook has had his fair share of criticism over the last few years.
The UK defence secretary has urged the Afghan government not to fall into the trap of "playing the Taliban's game" over recent attacks.
Here is a quick guide to what you need to know if you are caught up in a thunderstorm.
The legal battle over the takeover of Lotus by Renault Sport has been adjourned until the end of December.
Northamptonshire were held to a draw by Sussex on the third day at Hove.
New England head coach Wayne Bennett is pushing rugby league forward, according to his former team-mate Sean O'Loughlin.
Chelsea Ladies began their Women's Super League One Spring Series campaign with a 1-1 draw against Yeovil Town at the Hetton Centre.
An un-named witness has told an inquiry that he was sexually abused at a Jersey care home in the 1970s.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in the Republic of Congo has said she wants to help free one of the men who carried out the attack.
In the 1980s, Fiji international John Matavesi made his home in Cornwall as a tin miner.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Inverness.
An 18-year-old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A BBC investigation has found that staff at betting shop Coral have been told to do "absolutely anything" to help gamblers.
Grimsby Town have re-signed York City left-back Tom Straker on loan until the end of the season.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched as part of an investigation into the Westminster terror attack.
The attack on a Buddhist shrine in Bangkok on Monday is the latest in a series of high-profile attacks in South East Asia.
A Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for three years for sexually assaulting two women.
Boris Johnson was caught on CCTV giving his wife a lift on the back of his bike.
The PSNI has said it is investigating a spate of cyber-related sex offences in Northern Ireland.
Prime Minister David Cameron is back in the White House again.
A rare ridley turtle found on Anglesey has been moved to a larger aquarium.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall came from behind to beat Swindon in League One.
Police in three Denbighshire towns have voted to end a 24-hour CCTV system which monitors crime and disorder.
South Sudan beat Madagascar 2-0 on aggregate to reach the second round of the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN).
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, says the country will continue to support its friends in the region even after the nuclear deal with the US.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania in the US state of Texas says he will not be allowed to carry guns on campus.
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from UKIP's final ballot for the party's leadership contest, the party has confirmed.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on loan until the end of the season.
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher has been banned from teaching after admitting downloading indecent images of children.
A firearms licence has been revoked for a man who posted "highly offensive" Facebook messages about Islam.
Armenian weightlifter Nikolay Vardanian has been banned for six months after failing a drugs test at the 2008 Olympic Games.
Midfielder David Pilkington says it will be a "tough season" for Cardiff City this season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a police officer have spoken of their shock at her death.
Conservative peer Lord Strathclyde has resigned from the House of Lords.
About 40 jobs have been lost at a sandwich manufacturer in County Londonderry.
Japan's chief executive has resigned following the death of a woman whose death was linked to overwork.
A man accused of murdering his wife by setting fire to a frying pan in their Chelmsford home has been found guilty of murder.
At least eight people have been killed in two bomb attacks on an army bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Consultation is under way on plans to store nuclear-powered submarines at one of five sites north of the border with England.
Google's chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "rather perplexed" by the debate over corporate taxes in the UK.
Mozambique, one of Africa's poorest countries, is on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore gas fields.
Nottingham's famous outlaw Robin Hood and Maid Marian are getting married.
Tom Main's second-half strike earned Southend victory at Oldham to keep their slim League One play-off hopes alive.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of some of the country's biggest land holdings to foreign investors.
Bradford came from behind to beat Shrewsbury in League One.
Prince Harry has paid his respects to the people of Guyana on the final day of his Caribbean tour.
A 20-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in west Belfast.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines - the Ampatuan clan - has been taking place in Manila.
I'm a bit baffled by Greece's new bailout terms.
Workers on London Underground (LU) have voted in favour of a pay and conditions deal that will allow the service to run on weekends.
The chairman of Swansea City youth football club has died at the age of 87.
Hearts goalkeeper Lee Gallacher has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury, while Hearts midfielder Lee Hollis is also expected to be sidelined.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A Pembrokeshire soldier who died after being shot in Afghanistan has been named.
Fire crews have tackled 332 acres of wild fires across the Highlands and Islands since the start of May.
The Queen's granddaughter-in-law is at the top of a list of the UK's most influential women.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Gary Higgins both suffered defeats in the first round of the Scottish Open in Glasgow.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be involved in the fight against HIV in sub-Saharan Africa.
A planned 24-hour strike by Tower Transit workers has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US.
Castleford Tigers have signed Newcastle Knights full-back Tyler Williams on a deal until the end of the season.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, has invested $2bn (£1.3bn) in Twitter.
More needs to be done to make a career in sport more attractive to women, according to a survey commissioned by UK Sport.
A Dalek from Doctor Who is expected to fetch up to £1m when it goes up for auction later this month.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won his legal battle against the club over a sponsorship deal.
One of Northern Ireland's most senior political figures has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal on the Troubles.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a block of flats in East Lothian.
Ethiopia Airlines has become the first passenger to fly in a Boeing 787 Dreamliner since it was grounded in January.
A team of Pakistani graffiti artists has been commissioned by the BBC to write anti-Islamic messages for an episode of the US TV series Homeland.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's best-loved racehorses, has died at the age of nine.
A pilots' union has lodged an appeal against a High Court decision not to hand over data from the Super Puma helicopter crash.
As the Conservative party's conference gets under way in Chequers, it will be keen to hear from MPs from the North East.
Six people have died after taking heroin in Caerphilly county, police have said.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's largest pizza franchisee, has agreed to buy its German business for an undisclosed sum.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of Richard Jones at a house in Bangor.
A man has been charged in connection with an alleged indecent assault on a teenage boy.
A former head of Venezuela's football federation has pleaded guilty in a US court to charges related to corruption at football's world governing body Fifa.
It's been an eventful week for the US presidential campaign.
The BBC has been speaking to eight women who had relationships with undercover police officers in England and Wales.
A British jihadist who faked his own death in battle in Syria is facing up to life imprisonment in the Old Bailey.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a tunnel.
Senior Tory backbenchers in the House of Commons have told me that they expect Theresa May to stay in Downing Street for at least another five years.
The government has called for changes to the way football in England is run.
The Conservatives' manifesto for the general election looks like Theresa May's vision for the UK.
Bangladesh beat England by 108 runs in the second Test in Dhaka to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that global temperatures could rise to 2C above pre-industrial levels by the end of the century.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby at the age of 28.
US wrestler Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
Farmers in Scotland say they are concerned about the impact of the UK leaving the European Union.
GPs in England are being paid thousands of pounds to reduce the number of patients referred to hospital for treatment, a BBC investigation has found.
West Ham midfielder Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Top Gear presenters Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond have reservations about continuing on the BBC Two show, according to the show's co-presenter Stephen Yentob.
Plans for a new bus service in Bristol need to be "realistic", bus users have said.
Andrew Davies has set a new world record in the shot put at the Diamond League meeting in Arizona.
It's one of those moments when you feel like you've been knocked off the top of a mountain.
When Japanese entrepreneur Kazuyoshi Makiura set out to visit schools in Rwanda last year, he had no idea what he would achieve.
Sheffield United midfielder Rob Baxter has been released by the League One club.
The Bank of England's Financial Services Loan Scheme (FLS) has come into effect.
A Canadian woman has scooped more than C$1m (Â£770,000) in lottery jackpot after buying a winning ticket at a convenience store.
Same-sex marriage has been legalised in Northern Ireland for the first time.
The mascot of an army regiment has been chosen to represent England for the first time.
Matt Parkin and Ryan Frear scored as Forest Green beat Halifax to extend their unbeaten run to six games.
A man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery at an Army base in Herefordshire.
Pete Kennaugh clinched the overall victory at the Tour of Britain.
When Eilish McColgan first stepped on to the track at the British Championships last year, it was almost like she had stepped into The Terminator.
Edinburgh will need to win every of their next five games if they are to secure a Premiership play-off place, according to prop Lee Dickinson.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was the youngest of the victims of the 7/7 terror attacks.
When it comes to hip-hop in the Republic of Ireland, it's pretty common.
Scottish Power has launched a new way of buying energy in a bid to cut gas and electricity bills.
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria to meet senior rebel commanders, the BBC has learned.
British number one Johanna Konta is back in action at the Aegon Classic in Eastbourne.
A teenager from West Lothian who had been battling cancer for six months has died at the age of 15.
Comedian Dame Judi Dench has been announced as one of the speakers at this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign has been launched to highlight the dangers of underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul say clouds are preventing their advance.
China's environment minister has called for environmental protection to be made a key part of the country's five-year economic plan.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house hit by an earthquake in South Korea.
Politicians in Europe have reacted angrily to the election of Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras as prime minister.
Archaeologists searching for the remains of King Henry I have begun a major archaeological dig in Reading.
Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with the Sian Phillips award at this year's Welsh Television Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) says it is "very serious" about homophobic chanting on the pitch.
Since the start of the civil war in Syria in 2011, the country's antiquities have been at the centre of international attention.
Mae teulu o saith ffoadur o Syria wedi cael ei gael caniatâd gan Gyngor Sir Benfro.
Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer say they would be "happy" to play each other at the US Open.
Australia's biggest winemaker, TWE Wine Group, is in talks with US private equity firm KKR about a possible takeover.
Crusaders missed the chance to go top of the Irish Premiership as they were held to a goalless draw by Coleraine.
Norwegian scientists say they have found a new explanation for one of the world's most famous paintings.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at how cold calls are used by the public.
Former Marussia team-mate Nicky Chilton says he "probably thought" of Bianchi before winning his first Indy Lights race since his death.
Dementia sufferers could soon be able to learn how to navigate 3D environments thanks to a new mobile game.
The family of a serviceman who has been missing for more than a week say they are struggling to cope with uncertainty.
Hundreds of Sports Direct workers have staged a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in Lambeth should be offered a HIV test on admission to hospital if they have not previously been diagnosed with the virus, according to new guidance.
A retail novice with a chequered financial background could turn BHS around.
Thousands of lorry drivers in the UK are taking drugs to relieve the boredom of lengthy shifts, a BBC investigation has found.
It was supposed to be the start of a new chapter in the war in Syria.
Mashkel is one of the most remote towns in the Pakistani province of Sistan-Balochistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 32 people to life in prison for spying for Iran.
Championship side Scunthorpe United have loaned defender Callum Watson to League Two side Barnsley on a month's loan.
A paddleboarder from Gloucestershire has become the first person in the UK to paddle past crocodiles.
The Speaker of Australia's lower house of parliament, David Slipper, has resigned after being accused of sexual harassment.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in cruise ship numbers.
TomSka is one of the most successful YouTube vloggers in the world.
The chief executive of Redrow, one of the UK's biggest housebuilders, has accused the industry of a "wall of bureaucracy".
England must focus on the positives rather than dwell on the "bad things" in Saturday's Six Nations defeat, says fly-half Sam Hall.
When Laura Robson arrived at Flushing Meadows on Saturday morning she had no idea what she was going to do next.
A police officer has been charged with two counts of misconduct in public office.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Cricket Ireland are in talks with the West Indies over the vacant head coach position, BBC Sport understands.
Plans to turn a Nottinghamshire town into a Civil War museum have been given the go-ahead by a council.
League Two side Colchester United have agreed a deal to sign Huddersfield Town teenager Callum Wilson on loan until January.
Laura Muir's 5,000m world record has been ratified as official by British Athletics, according to former world champion Ann McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook believes Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes series despite being underdogs in the first two matches.
Plans to turn a Grade II listed building in Cardiff into flats have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 208 man-mediated minerals have been discovered in the geological record over the last hundred years, according to US scientists.
A 15-year-old Malaysian boy has been removed from the abdomen of his mother after he developed an "entirely new" foetus.
Five Scots have qualified for this year's World Championships in Doha.
A Lancashire high school is being investigated by police after an alleged threat was made on Facebook.
Australian police say they have arrested four Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Mark Stoneman made his first first-class century of the season as Warwickshire beat Durham by six wickets at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would not have a negative impact on the UK's credit rating, a ratings agency has said.
David Warner's absence from this summer's Ashes tour to England has been described as "unacceptable".
Hundreds of firefighters and police officers in Wales are to receive compensation totalling £5.24m, the Welsh government has announced.
Scientists at the University of York say they have discovered a key mechanism that allows cancer cells to break free from its moorings and move freely.
Aljaz Bedene showed he is fit enough to challenge world number one Novak Djokovic in the third round of the French Open.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Bristol City moved into the League Two play-off places thanks to a comfortable win over 10-man Bristol City.
The Oculus Rift has gone on sale in the US.
Qatar's richest man says that if the United Arab Emirates lost more than three million barrels of oil in the Gulf of Mexico, the consequences would be severely different.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has begun a five-day visit to Italy and France as part of efforts to strengthen economic ties with the world's third largest economy.
EastEnders fans have been reacting to the arrival of an ethnic minority family in the city.
Drought is the time of year when the average amount of rainfall falls across the UK.
The Conservatives have retained control of Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan, one of Northern Ireland's best-known civil servants, has been fighting for the past.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie for undisclosed fees.
More than 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration with the loss of more than 300 jobs.
A man accused of murdering a woman with a hammer told a court he "lost it with her" when he saw her hitting him with the weapon.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory at struggling Brighton.
A man has admitted killing his wife at their home in South Lanarkshire.
The Metropolitan Police has said it will increase the number of firearms officers in the force.
A large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Lancashire.
An MP has apologised for suggesting people with type 1 diabetes are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes than type 1.
The film version of Irene Nemirovsky's novel Suite Francaise, which was never made, tells the story of a woman who fought for France during World War Two.
More than 1,000 litres of oil have been destroyed in a fire at an industrial estate in Kent.
Defending champion Rafael Nadal has been named as the Aegon Championships warm-up player for Wimbledon.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying corrosive acid capsized off Cornwall.
As Donald Trump made his first public appearance since taking office in January, BBC Newsnight took a look at some of the key moments in his eight-day tour of Europe.
Rochdale have re-signed former Liverpool and Republic of Ireland international Alex Ngoo on a one-month loan deal.
Hundreds of people have been forced to flee their homes after a huge bushfire broke out in a remote part of Australia.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive at his home have called for new evidence to be reviewed.
The number of new accounts opened in Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in England and Wales is on the rise, according to police officers.
A jigsaw puzzle created by volunteers in Norfolk and Norwich has been lost after four pieces fell into a handbag and a granny's cardigan.
An eight-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car driven by a woman at a Snowman Rally.
Wales' education commissioners will meet for the first time at an event in Cardiff.
A man has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation to Tesco after he threw a bottle of milk at the floor of the supermarket.
BBC Northern Ireland has been named Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society (RTS) Television Awards.
Jewish leaders in Croatia say they will boycott next week's ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the death camp at the Auschwitz death camp.
Manchester United have signed midfielder Adnan Januzaj on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
Hearts hope to raise £3m over the next five years from supporters' contributions.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis is hopeful striker Saido Berahino will be fit for the start of the new Premier League season.
Saracens and Harlequins will play each other in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals at Twickenham in March.
The mother of a man who was killed by a hit-and-run driver seven years ago has paid tribute to her "beautiful" son.
England women beat New Zealand 24-16 in the final of the Women's Rugby World Cup in Wellington.
The pilot of a paraglider who narrowly avoided a collision with an aircraft said he "thought she was going to die", a report has found.
Firefighters have been tackling a large wildfire near the border with the Republic of Ireland.
A former church bell-ringer has been jailed for 12 years after being convicted of child sex offences involving footballers.
When British indie band Oh Wonder released their debut album, Body Gold, it became one of the biggest success stories of their career.
Nursery staff referred an under-15 boy to police after he made a spelling mistake and said a cucumber was a "cooker bomb".
Police in the US state of Utah have arrested a mother after a five-year-old girl was locked inside the boot of her car.
An "anarchist" and a "transphobe" were among five people who attacked Aberdeen University student George Galloway, police have said.
Qatar won the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history with a 2-0 victory over hosts Qatar at the Kassam Stadium.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila believes they have a "very good chance" of qualifying for the Europa League group stages.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a learning passport as part of a series of reforms aimed at improving standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he does not expect his players to cope with the pressure of winning this season.
A man's body has been found at a recycling depot in Somerset.
UKIP has said the final list of candidates to replace Nigel Farage as leader will be revealed on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year contract.
Four mobile neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) are to be rolled out across Northern Ireland.
Super Bowl-winning New Orleans Saints defensive tackle Mike Polamalu has announced that he will retire at the age of 33.
A man has denied causing the death of a rugby player by careless driving.
England's Judd Trump will face defending champion Scott Donaldson in the third round of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace.
Substitute Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Plans to transform a Denbighshire primary school into an arts centre have been given the go-ahead.
Rangers chief executive Craig Whyte has had charges against him dropped.
Tyler Denton scored the only goal of the game as Leeds United came from behind to beat League Two side Luton Town.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is serving a six-month prison sentence for corruption, has been offering his services to charity.
League Two side Leyton Orient have appointed Peter Edwards as their new assistant manager.
The parents of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a car while under the influence of drink and drugs have called for the death penalty to be increased.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted at a house in Lisburn, County Antrim.
England one-day batsman Jason Roy says he "didn't care" when he saw the record-breaking score of his career at The Oval.
Wales hooker Ken Owens is used to referring to himself as the "super sub".
England captain Alastair Cook hit an unbeaten half-century as Essex won the toss against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
An al-Qaeda operative has been found guilty of plotting to carry out a "mass-casualty" attack in Manchester.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and its naval group are to be phased out of operations in Syria, the defence ministry has announced.
Rafael Nadal came from two sets down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the quarter-finals of the French Open.
A man in Brazil's Para state says he has recovered what appears to be a satellite panel from the ground.
A teenager has been jailed for five years for plotting an attack on a British soldier.
A woman who was jailed for stalking a college student has won an appeal against her sentence.
One person has died and another has been injured after a building in the Canary Islands collapsed in the early hours.
St Johnstone were held to a goalless draw by Lithuanian side FK Trakai at McDiarmid Park.
Parents are calling on the government to "stagger" term-time holiday prices to stop parents being "penalised" by high demand.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot to decide whether to take industrial action over privatisation.
Fulham have completed the signing of Anderlecht striker Emmanuel Cyriac for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States, is widely regarded as one of the most controversial people in the world.
One of Germany's most secretive artists, Cornelius Gurlitt, has died at the age of 83 after agreeing to co-operate with German authorities over the discovery of his art collection.
Transport firm Stagecoach has announced orders for more than 300 new buses and coaches.
Granada head coach Steven Adams has resigned after his side were beaten at home by Espanyol.
Three people have died following a four-vehicle crash in Powys.
Derby City Council has set aside £20m towards building a new 50m swimming pool at the city's Moorways Leisure Centre.
A secondary school has changed its name following the "unforeseen rise" of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street ended the week higher, helped by a rebound in the price of gold.
Whether you're a young child in South Africa or a young adult in the US, you may not have heard of one of the world's biggest health challenges.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man whose body was found at a house in Kent.
Britain's Andy Murray has pulled out of next week's Aegon Championships because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing Social Democrats have lost their majority in Thursday's general election.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's library in Newport could be threatened by council cuts.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new world record for playing the bagpipes every two hours.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year old boy was stabbed to death at a party in north London.
Pregnant women should be aware of the risk of malaria if they are travelling to high-risk areas, say doctors.
The Green Party has unveiled a poster urging people to vote for the party in the general election.
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked to the Daily Mirror and the Daily Telegraph.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she would meet the Queen if she became the party's next leader.
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May, according to two recruitment agencies.
Brentford Blaze have signed American ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal for the 2017-18 Elite League season.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference for failing to pay their football creditors on the final day of the season.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of beheading his wife.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials in the capital Dhaka say.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who died in a car fire has appeared in court charged with his murder.
UN investigators say they are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals to the UN Security Council in March.
A former Methodist minister hypnotised four young boys, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of being the first Briton to join the so-called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
An Isle of Man ferry has returned to service after being grounded due to an electrical fault.
Up to 1,000 homes could be built in Swansea Bay over the next 10 years as part of the city's regeneration plans, according to Swansea City Council.
Demonstrations have been held across the Republic of Ireland in support of people who are paying their water bills.
Josh Taylor is a "phenomenal talent", according to his trainer Shane McGuigan.
Archaeologists in South Africa say they have found an astonishing hoard of paint kits dating back 100,000 years.
Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in 2014 compared with the same period last year, according to official figures.
Leeds could become the European Capital of Culture in 2023 under plans being considered by the city council.
Abertay University has become the first university in the world to offer degree level qualifications in computer games design for a third consecutive year, according to a US magazine.
"Yes" and "No" proved to be the words of choice in Scotland's independence referendum.
The death of a British man in Thailand is being investigated by the Foreign Office.
Great Britain secured their place in the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League with a 4-2 victory over Argentina in Buenos Aires.
Huddersfield manager Paul Heckingbottom could make his first start of the new Championship season.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a 14-year-old girl at a takeaway.
A Cardiff council worker has been found guilty of stealing more than £100,000 from her mother.
A Cardiff-based software firm has won a contract to operate online insurance comparison sites.
North Korea has accused South Korea of launching an attack on Cheong Wa Dae, one of the country's main landmarks, in an apparent reprisal for last year's attempted assassination attempt.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of Tehran to protest against rising fuel prices.
A database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs has been created by researchers in Germany.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out for the rest of the World Cup.
France's justice minister Yvonne Goulard has resigned from the French cabinet amid allegations that she took on fake jobs.
British comic book artist Steve Dillon has died at the age of 69, his family has confirmed.
Rickie Fowler, Sergio Garcia and Thomas Pieters share the lead after the second round of the Masters at Augusta.
Astronomers studying the dwarf planet Ceres say they have made a significant improvement in their view of the object.
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving.
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum has announced 34 countries will join an international coalition to fight terrorism.
Russia coach Volodymyr Slutsky will step down at the end of the 2018 World Cup after failing to qualify for Euro 2016.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Josh Broom has signed a new contract with the League One club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been suspended for four matches after being found guilty of assaulting England's Joe Root.
Plans for a safari park in the Wyre Forest have been given the go-ahead.
An 11-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by gunmen in the Swat Valley region of north-west Pakistan.
The former chief medical officer of Scotland's NHS is to lead a review of health and social care targets.
A former GP who defrauded a pensioner out of £10,000 has been struck off the medical register.
The leader of Bangladesh's main opposition party has been sentenced to life in prison for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
James Wakely and Michael Keogh hit centuries as Leicestershire took control against Northamptonshire on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Two men from Pontypridd have been nominated for bravery awards.
An award-winning film set in the Gwynedd valleys has won best original screenplay of a foreign language film.
Eleven people have been charged in connection with an investigation into slavery and human trafficking in Lincolnshire.
An Australian man has redecorated his Darth Vader costume for the new Star Wars film Rogue One.
A look back at some of the best-loved films of the Oscars 2017.
Rangers have completed the signing of former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Paul Dorrans on a three-year deal.
An RNLI lifeboat crew has saved the lives of four people after their cruiser broke down.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Divers are to be deployed to remove artefacts found in the silt layer of the Carnbroe Canal, police have said.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced that university fees will be frozen in 2016 in response to student protests.
The new series of BBC One drama Atlantis has been given a big makeover.
Black Friday is set to be the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, according to analysts.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of methane on Mars.
More than 100,000 children in England have failed to get a place at one of their preferred primary schools this year, official figures show.
Portraits of some of Britain's best-known public figures have gone on display for the first time.
Australia's Scott Hend leads the BMW PGA Championship by one shot after the third round of play-off against England's Tyrrell Hatton.
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being bitten by a dog.
Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist who used Lego to create portraits of some of the world's most prominent dissidents, is to use the toy to make a new work.
Renault driver Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1.
Sir Paul McCartney's wife Sally Bercow has joined the line-up for the new series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign defender Mohamed Rherras and goalkeeper Jordan Sammon.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has taken the oath of office following the ousting of former leader Tony Abbott.
Too many children are checking their mobile devices before going to bed to avoid missing out on social media, research suggests.
One of the rare Rolls-Royce cars owned by Marilyn Monroe has failed to sell at auction in New York.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to murder his co-worker at a takeaway.
Plans to reintroduce lynx to the Cairngorms National Park have been backed by a wildlife charity.
The John Lewis branch in Edinburgh is set to undergo a major revamp.
Ipswich Town have completed the signing of Reading midfielder Matty Huws on loan until the end of the season, and Middlesbrough striker Alex Samuel on a season-long loan.
Tributes have been paid to Fylde defender Zoe Tynan, who has been killed in a train crash.
A Kenyan student who survived an attack on her college in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, has told of her ordeal.
A man from Derby has been jailed for five years and three months for attempting to travel to Syria to take part in the conflict there.
US special forces have captured the leader of so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq, according to US media reports.
The shortlist for the 2014 BBC Sports Personality of the Year has been announced.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child star Hermione Granger has been cast as a black actress.
Christopher Biggins has been removed from the Celebrity Big Brother house after making homophobic comments about bisexual people.
The Danish health service has made significant changes to the way cancer patients are diagnosed.
Residents in Gourock, in Inverclyde, have been told to leave their homes after an unexploded World War Two mine was found on the River Clyde.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino wants the 2022 World Cup to be staged in two or three countries.
Worcester City have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
The bells of St Mary's Church of England have been played for the first time in the church's 130-year history.
The former offices of Reading University are to be turned into apartments as part of a multi-million pound regeneration project.
England flanker Billy Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with an ankle injury.
Part of the Conwy Valley line between Conwy and Anglesey has been closed due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a night out.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as Manchester United manager.
Four whales have been beached off the coast of the French island of La Rochelle in northern France.
A hospital in Greater Manchester is planning to set up a park-and-ride scheme in a bid to tackle parking problems.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved passengers at its Channel Tunnel terminal because of security concerns.
The number of women in the workforce in India has fallen sharply over the past five years.
Leicester midfielder Craig Shakespeare is doubtful for Saturday's visit of Stoke because of an ankle injury.
A County Antrim MLA has lost a defamation case against a 12-year-old girl over comments he made about her on Facebook.
Pupils at a primary school where staff have been suspended following a strike are to return to school on Thursday.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Andy Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 final this season.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash on the M4 in Somerset.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
French actress Jean-Claude Lebeau, best known for her role in Casablanca in 1939, has died at the age of 91.
Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The winner of Peru's presidential election will face a second round, officials say.
The England one-day team have been given the all clear to tour Bangladesh following an evacuation rehearsal in Dhaka.
Hundreds of thousands of emails and passwords belonging to US government employees have been hacked, according to security firm Recorded Future.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he will work "positively" with the Scottish and Welsh governments as the UK prepares to leave the EU.
Dundee Stars head coach Paul LeFebvre says the EIHL final was a "dream start" for his team.
Welsh lifter Hannah Smith says she is "confident" she can qualify for Team GB at the European Championships in Norway next month.
Liverpool are expected to make a bid of about £30m for Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno this summer.
Dundee Museum of Art has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a year.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the Italian city of Venice to protest against a drop in the number of residents.
Two men who dumped thousands of tonnes of fly-tipped rubbish have been jailed.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) is to explore opportunities for Scottish businesses in China.
As she prepares to be sworn in as a pro-democracy legislator in Hong Kong, Hong Kong's first openly pro-independence lawmaker Lai Yau says she has no choice but to fight for independence.
Marcus Rashford scored twice as Manchester United came from behind to beat Anderlecht and reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are preparing to tighten their internet laws in an attempt to curb cyber crime.
Voters have "lost faith in established political figures as opinion-leaders" in the run-up to the EU referendum, a think tank has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Prof Laura McAllister considers the significance of the Welsh election.
Johanna Konta says she has a "massive amount of room to grow" after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Barcelona have completed the signing of Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande.
The water supply in Leeds has been affected by a water main failure.
A children's Christmas attraction at a golf resort in Somerset has been forced to close because of a lack of funds.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been formally asked what she would like to do as an MEP.
Ghana's health ministry says it will no longer fund the training of nurses who want to work abroad.
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has called for safer footpaths.
Bill Bailey's Limboland tour bus has been stolen from the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United that will keep him at Old Trafford until 2019.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Hartley described the moment he scored a late winner against Portsmouth as the "biggest moment" of his career.
Japan's stock market closed lower on Friday despite a better-than-expected economic growth report.
Australia's largest oil and gas producer, Woodside Petroleum, has reported record profits for the first half of the year.
How do you keep your business safe from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters?
The Scottish government has published a new code of practice for stopping and searching members of the public, including children under the age of 12.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Tweedbank have resumed.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) says the number of players who have tested positive for performance enhancing drugs is "completely off-the-scale".
Pope Francis has condemned as "genocide" the massacres of Armenians by Ottoman forces during World War One.
Lance Armstrong has come under intense scrutiny after admitting that he used performance-enhancing drugs in the 1990s.
A £5 (Â£3) deposit is being offered to anyone with metallaphobia as part of the Glastonbury festival's green initiatives.
Hull-based search and rescue helicopter crews have arrived at Inverness Air Ambulance Base.
Cardiff City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were available for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has voted to censure Prime Minister Grindeanu, who has been in office for almost two years.
Telecoms provider Sky has admitted that some of its broadband customers in the north-east of England are experiencing slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under "constant review" following the fatal stabbing of a Conservative MP on Thursday.
Some patients with a rare form of leukaemia may be able to live longer if they are given half the standard dose of a drug, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Queensland, Australia, have said they are "devastated".
Atletico Madrid's Luis Suarez says there is fear that Barcelona will be eliminated in the Champions League quarter-finals.
A Northern Ireland film-maker is hoping to break into the film industry in Los Angeles.
Two men have been released on bail after police seized drugs worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) in Londonderry.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is one of the most outspoken and outspoken MPs in the House of Commons.
In the midlands of the Republic of Ireland, there is one place that has stood out from the rest - Longford.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Russia in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has announced.
The Scottish government has opened the application process for a medal marking the 75th anniversary of the Lancastria disaster.
MPs have rejected Labour's call for local authorities to restrict the growth of fixed-odds betting terminals, calling them "absolutely and totally addictive".
Ethiopians have been paying tribute to one of the country's best-known athletes after he announced his retirement from running.
Japanese media mogul Shigeru Kita is one of the world's richest men.
Luis Suarez has won his appeal against his four-month ban for biting an Italian player.
Ross County have completed the signing of Lithuanian midfielder Tomas Sernas on loan until the end of the season.
The United States Soccer Federation has announced new rules aimed at improving the safety of young footballers.
US media giant 21st Century Fox has made a £12bn takeover bid for British broadcaster Sky.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
A post office worker has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery in Glasgow.
Thousands of teenagers have taken part in the annual Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor National Park.
Stormont's finance committee opens an inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to a "gentle giant" who died in a swimming accident in Gwynedd.
A secondary school in Inverclyde has been placed in special measures following an allegation of sexual assault.
Former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast captain Bernard Cisse has paid tribute to former player Geoffrey Tiote at his funeral.
Markets in Asia were mixed on Monday as investors remained cautious ahead of a Greek election later this month.
Blackberry, the maker of the BlackBerry Z10 smartphone, has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year.
Scottish engineering firm Proserv has won two major contract wins in the North Sea.
A pay rise "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in the course of this Parliament to ensure an adequate supply of teachers in England and Wales, the Teaching Standards Board (STRB) says.
Voters in the European Union have returned to the polls for the first time in more than 50 years.
Mae cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe wedi croesawu casgliadau'r adroddiad ar hyd morglawdd newydd yng Nghymru.
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not be holding a referendum on a council tax rise.
The United Nations has called for the US government to suspend its quota for producing enough corn to make biofuel.
Curvy glassware make it harder for people to pace themselves when they are drinking, a study suggests.
Coventry City have re-signed striker Sam Dugdale on a two-year deal and brought in defender Joe Cole on a season-long loan.
Kickstarter, the crowdfunding site for video games, has fallen short of its fundraising target.
The trial of a Boston Marathon bombing suspect has begun in the US state of Massachusetts.
As the latest NHS strike comes to an end, there is a sense of relief that it has ended.
A Mississippi man is suing a funeral home for allegedly discriminating against gay people.
A virtual reality tour of some of Nottingham's most famous caves has been launched.
The mother of a baby who died after being left inside a car in Australia suffered a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists say they have discovered genes that make it easier for cancer to spread to the lungs.
England all-rounder Sarah Brunt took three wickets as Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League for the first time in their history.
Scotland's local election results have been hailed as a "victory" for the Conservatives, according to the Daily Record.
An MP is appealing for help to save a Grade II* listed house which was home to British artist Helen Bell.
Ex-Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has told the BBC he is considering seeking asylum in the UK.
Cladding used in the Grenfell Tower fire has failed to meet the government's fire safety targets, the home secretary has said.
North Korea's state-run Pyongyang Times says it has developed a new drink that will cure any hangover.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Keith Richards says there is "far more to come" from his side as they look to end a three-game losing run in the Premiership.
The parents of a six-year-old boy who was left alone on a bus in Powys have said they are "in total and utter shock".
US President Donald Trump has been accused of exaggerating the impact of the 2015 Paris climate agreement on global temperatures.
An Army reservist who died on a training exercise was "push themselves to the limit", an inquest has heard.
Google is exploring ways of detecting cancer and other diseases in the blood.
Ghana coach Asamoah Gyan has called on his players to "respect the payers".
League One side Morecambe have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Ryan Edwards on loan until the end of the season.
A carer has been jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a vulnerable elderly carer.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said a 48-team World Cup would bring "so much joy" to the region and "bring so much joy".
The sister of murdered schoolgirl Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest how police failed to investigate her disappearance because of a lack of evidence.
More than one million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report says.
A woman has been found guilty of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in Inverness.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike on a rebel-held military base in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, has killed at least 36 members of a commando unit, officials say.
A motion of no confidence in Sinn FÃ¡il (Irish Prime Minister) David Frazer has been passed in the assembly.
Jonathan Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike standings with victory in Sunday's final race of the season.
The US military says it will release 37 Afghan prisoners it says it plans to free from Bagram prison.
Ben Affleck has won the Directors Guild of America (DGA) award for his film Argo, which was nominated for best picture at this year's Oscars.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence says it has begun an operation to "rid" the country's border territories of Islamist militants.
Tributes have been paid to sports columnist Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after two teenage boys were stabbed.
Great Britain's Adam Latham won gold in the men's keirin at the World Track Cycling Championships.
Ospreys will defend their Pro12 title against Cardiff Blues at Twickenham on Saturday.
Sophie Chancellor is to join the cast of BBC One drama Lucia in a TV adaptation of Jane Austen's classic novels.
Joseph Clark, who died in the Hillsborough disaster on 15 April 1989, was a father of three from Liverpool.
Three teenagers have admitted carrying out a machete attack on a taxi driver.
Jodie Taylor scored the only goal of the game as England beat the Netherlands in their opening Euro 2017 warm-up match.
Bath have signed second-row forward Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal.
Britain's Mark Thomson finished third in the Men's Triathlon in New Zealand on Sunday.
The Australian Greens party has called US presidential hopeful Donald Trump a "revolting slug".
Rio 2016 will be the most watched TV event in UK broadcasting history, with four-time Olympic gold medallist Vanessa Redgrave leading the BBC's coverage.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) is to pay the cost of the grounding of a drilling rig last year.
In the wake of French strikes and migrants trying to storm the Channel Tunnel in Calais, Kent residents are calling for a solution to what they describe as a "nightmare".
The death of a man who was shot in the head in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Darren Brathwaite took three wickets as West Indies beat England by seven runs to win the Women's World Twenty20.
Nelson Coetzee, one of South Africa's most notorious anti-apartheid spies, has died at the age of 83.
Six people have been charged with criminal offences over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, the Crown Prosecution Service has announced.
Archaeologists in Inverness have uncovered artefacts from the Bronze Age during a project to build a new road through the city.
On the edge of Munich's Mariensaeule Square you can't help thinking that the world is totally crazy.
The Workers Party has accused the BBC and the Electoral Commission of interfering in the general election.
A burnt-out Rolls Royce van has been used to set fire to a hotel by BBC Radio 5 live DJ Chris Mayweather.
An 11-year-old girl has been seriously injured after a vapouriser exploded on a train in the US state of Florida, police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in central London.
The number of people in the world with severe or severe vision problems is expected to soar in the coming decades, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan said Wednesday's 1-0 friendly win over Poland in Warsaw will give his side confidence ahead of next season.
A man has been jailed for carrying a fake gun near a Worthing primary school.
Hundreds of people have gathered in London to clean up the graves of Polish servicemen and women buried in Britain since the country voted to leave the European Union.
New rules on broadband adverts have come into force in England and Wales.
A Post Office worker has suffered a serious head injury in an attack at Gala Park in the Borders.
The prospect of Northern Ireland devolving corporation tax to the Republic of Ireland is "gravely concerning", a business group has said.
A section of Bournemouth's seafront promenade has partially collapsed following a landslip.
Leyton Orient striker Lee Williams has signed a one-year contract extension with the National League club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have retained five seats in Dorset following the general election.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway have voted in favour of a balanced budget.
A report into the death of Liam Fee is to be carried out into the circumstances leading up to his death.
US President Donald Trump has signed into law a ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries travelling to the US.
The Australian government has announced plans to revoke citizenship from dual nationals convicted of terrorism-related offences.
Eight soldiers have been sentenced at a court martial for refusing to stand up during a protest against the way they were treated.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital following an unprovoked attack in a Glasgow pub.
Hollywood actor Danny Hart has revealed he is to release a new album next year.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the fourth round of the Australian Open for the first time with a straight-set victory over Dan Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from professional football.
Wigan Athletic have agreed a deal to sign defender Ryan Dunkley from Oxford United for an undisclosed fee.
It’s time for an international agreement on how to protect the open ocean.
The death toll from the Glasgow bin lorry crash will be known later this week, the Public Prosecution Inquiry (FAI) has announced.
Former enterprise minister Jonathan Bell has claimed that two DUP advisers tried to cut the tariff on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme because they had "extensive interests" in the poultry industry.
The closure of the police control room service in Dumfries has been described as a "sad day" for the town and its staff.
The Scottish government is exploring the possibility of extending the Borders Railway to the south of Scotland.
An environmental group has lost its bid to overturn a decision to install overhead electricity cables in a Denbighshire forest.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino and Salomon Rondon are the best strikers in the Premier League.
Thousands of miniature sheep sculptures have been created in the Lake District in a bid to raise money for a rehabilitation centre.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 1-0 defeat by Real Sociedad was a "special" result.
An early copy of a Byzantine gold coin has been discovered in Norfolk.
One of UKIP's most prominent donors has said his membership has been suspended pending an appearance at a party NEC meeting.
Plans to improve Cardiff's transport system have been unveiled.
Two County Fermanagh umpires have made history by becoming the country's first female officials.
Victims of child sexual abuse at a care home in Calderdale have staged a protest at the council's social services offices.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have arrested two men they believe were involved in the murder of a dissident republican.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from branches in a field in Lancashire.
A "cold, calculating, predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for 14 years for a string of sex attacks on children.
Brentford extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory at bottom side Bolton.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said police are now looking "seriously" at the owner of his car.
Alex Davies' unbeaten century helped Derbyshire take control against Lancashire on day two at Grace Road.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time with a 2-1 victory over the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Eight Aston Villa fans and seven Leicester fans have been bailed by police following a fight at the club's Premier League match.
It was one of the darkest days of World War One in Manchester.
Michael Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford thrashed Widnes in their final Super League game of the season.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A 22-year-old man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death in Caerphilly county was planning to serve his entire sentence, a court has heard.
People with chronic illnesses who do not know how to live with their condition are more likely to lose hope and sense of identity, research suggests.
Six Russian athletes have been suspended indefinitely by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
The parent company of Australia's biggest bank, the Clydesdale, has set aside another £500m to compensate customers for the mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A two-year-old zebra has died after being shot at a golf course in northern Japan.
Firefighters have been dealing with a major fire at a hospital in Aberdeen.
French President Francois Hollande and Prime Minister Manuel Valls have pledged to improve the security of the country's police.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why Nigeria's police chief wants all new recruits to undergo a polygraph test.
A rare edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is being put up for auction.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time.
The former chief executive of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has accused the government of colluding in a bribery scheme.
League One side Shakers have re-signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder David Rachubka on a one-year deal.
Jamaica and the UK have agreed a deal that will see more than 1,000 prisoners sent back to the UK to serve their sentences.
Bangladesh's central bank has been targeted by hackers who stole $81m (Â£56m) from the central bank in February, according to reports.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
Aberdeen winger Jonny Foster is used to being criticised, but it was during a pre-season friendly with Rangers that he was confronted by one of the club's fans.
An oil and gas engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Angus.
I'm looking forward to my first match against Liam Inglot at Wimbledon.
Universities in the UK are now advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit, the government has announced.
A second man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man in a pub beer garden.
Mae'r llywodraeth wedi cael ei gymeradwyo i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy gostio £425m o swyddi.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over relegation-threatened Norwich.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says striker Sergio Aguero has been ruled out of Sunday's derby with Manchester United.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says his 1,000th Premier League game will be against Stoke City on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic will be without two of their leading strikers for Wednesday's Champions League third-round tie against Rosenborg.
The success of Dumfries and Galloway Council's major festivals and events strategy has been "generally met", according to a report.
Concerns have been raised over the level of violence at a prison in Gloucestershire, following the deaths of two inmates last month.
Ulster captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland head coach.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on Cairngorms for this year's National Log Carving Championships.
Schools in England are being set up "left right and centre" in a bid to tackle corporal punishment, the BBC has learned.
It has been described as one of Shakespeare's greatest tragedies.
Consumers in the UK should be able to save hundreds of pounds a year by switching to standard variable tariffs, the regulator Ofgem has said.
Singer-songwriter Nicki Minaj has been announced as one of the headline acts for this year's Lulworth Festival.
St Helens prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking Newcastle prop Scott Lawson with his forearm during Saturday's Premiership defeat at Twickenham.
Jeremy Corbyn has called for properties to be requisitioned in London in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
One of the world's most successful developers of the digital currency Bitcoin has announced that he is to stop working on the currency.
A motorcyclist has died following a collision with a lorry in Lancashire.
A group of Saudi Arabian schoolgirls have won gold medals in a competition in the United States.
Ospreys maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Forecasters have issued a yellow "be aware" warning of freezing temperatures over Christmas.
Sir Elton John has revealed he has been diagnosed with an abscess in his appendix.
A long-running battle between the US government and the private sector over the control of encryption keys is being revisited by the BBC.
When Deutsche Bank published its forecast for this year's general election, it looked at what it saw as the "good and bad" outcomes.
Factory activity in the US fell for the second month in a row in June, according to a closely watched survey.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Hugh Kinsella visits the Democratic Republic of Congo to meet some of the Congolese boxers hoping to follow in Muhammad Ali's footsteps.
At Camden leisure centre in south-east London, it is easy to see why residents were forced to leave their homes following the Grenfell Tower fire.
There's been an increase in the number of young people living in unsecure or unsafe conditions in the UK.
Aer Lingus has announced it is cancelling some of its summer flights in the UK.
At least one person has been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Izmir, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, who died at the age of 84.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Woodford, Greater Manchester.
Portadown will take on Ballinamallard United in Saturday's Irish Premiership game at Shamrock Park.
Ukrainian pro-Ukrainians and pro-Russian activists have waged an intense campaign of cyber warfare in recent months.
A Dundee man has been jailed for three years after he was found with nine knives and a knuckle duster at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel's Scunthorpe plant could be put up for sale.
American Phil Mickelson carded a one-under-par 63 on the opening day of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
The transport system for the London 2012 Olympic Games has been put on hold again.
(Close): Shares in Dixons Carphone led the FTSE 100 higher after it reported better-than-expected profits.
Violence and self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales prisons are at a six-year high, official figures show.
Land managers in Scotland have been advised not to allow dogs to roam on their land.
The lead singer of rock band The Alarm is visiting the United States in an effort to encourage more people to donate bone marrow.
The Welsh Government's budget for 2017/18 looks set to shrink by more than £400m, BBC Wales understands.
The roof of a house has collapsed after a lorry crashed into it.
England prop Cian Healy has been ruled out of the rest of the British and Irish Lions tour to Argentina with an ankle injury.
Malaysia's investment fund 1MDB has been at the centre of a huge money-laundering scandal in recent years.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in Govanhill.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
A youth unemployment scheme set up by the Welsh government has come to an end after funding was cut.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in an anti-Trump rally in Belfast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man died in hospital.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland has been launched by MSPs.
The family of a 78-year-old woman who was taken to hospital because of a lack of staff said she was offered nothing to eat or drink.
France's far-right National Front (FN) party has accused the European Parliament of defrauding MEPs out of more than €30,000 (£25,000; $32,600).
Migrant workers and their dependants will be exempt from a new £35,000 salary cap, the government says.
The Royal Yacht in Edinburgh has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 consecutive years.
Union Aslef has accused London Underground (LU) of failing to agree to new rosters for its night Tube services.
One of Wales' oldest surviving forts is to go on display for the first time.
More than 30 people have been rescued from floodwater in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
Leaders of the European Union and Turkey have agreed a deal aimed at reducing the number of migrants arriving by boat from Turkey.
The UK has warned its citizens of the risks of travelling to the US because of new anti-LGBT laws in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Gillingham chairman Alan Scally has said the club's plans for a new stadium "can't sustain top Championship or Premier League football in the future".
A man's body has been found at a house in Londonderry.
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with victory at bottom side Derby County.
The best way to get a piece of paper into a recycling bin is to throw it with the human arm, a study suggests.
Warwickshire all-rounder Liam Thornton has signed a contract extension with the Championship club.
Vote Leave have launched a competition to predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships, with the aim of winning £50m a week.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow across much of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects to see a "big exodus" of players following the club's promotion to the Scottish Championship.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb says he will not seek re-election as Sepp Blatter's successor.
More than two-thirds of new dads in the UK are diagnosed with meningitis.
Sky will not be using darts commentator Eric Bristow in the future after he made homophobic comments about child sex abuse victims.
A man and a woman have been charged in connection with the death of a woman in Bath.
The BBC has unveiled plans for "bigger and bolder" drama that will be made available on the iPlayer, as part of an overhaul of the corporation.
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported a surge in sales for the third quarter in a row.
Forest Green Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Rochdale.
A Turkish court has begun hearing the trial of senior managers accused of their roles in a deadly coal mine disaster.
Iraqi government forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul will fall "very soon", the UK military has said.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6-4 6-2 victory over Croatia's Marcelo Dodig and Bruno Soares.
A 24-year-old man has appeared in court in connection with a security alert at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced nine policemen to death in connection with the killing of 10 Sikh men in the northern state of Himachal Pradesh 25 years ago.
Chinese schools are "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are", says a leading British academic.
Civil servants are being asked to give their views on executive pay as part of a shake-up of the way companies are run.
One of Scotland's best-known shipbuilders has announced plans to re-employ more than 1,300 staff.
Detectives investigating the murder of a Manchester teenager more than 40 years ago have released new CCTV images of her last known movements.
The family of a teenage girl who died in a crash have paid tribute to their "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister".
Four members of the Northern Ireland States Board have resigned.
Guus Hiddink has returned as Chelsea manager for the first time since Jose Mourinho was sacked at the end of the season.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson reached the final of the China Open with a 6-3 6-2 win over China's Zheng Saisai and Zhang Shuai.
Australia won their first Tri-Nations title with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
More than 100 jobs have been lost at a surf lagoon in Conwy county after it suffered a third fault.
An appeal has been launched to save a Grade II-listed building from being destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Universities need to do more to tackle radicalisation and extremism, the new vice chancellor of Oxford University has said.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has won best picture at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards.
Three senior staff at Dumfries and Galloway Council have resigned.
World number one Lydia Ko is one shot off the lead at the halfway stage of the Women's US Open.
Joe Garner has been appointed chief executive of the UK's largest bank, Nationwide.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of former Celtic and Alloa Athletic player Ryan Waters.
Concerns have been raised over plans to merge a Gwynedd primary school with a secondary school.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years for his part in an international gun smuggling ring.
The New Horizons spacecraft is due to make its first flyby of Pluto.
Wasps have re-signed hooker Danny Cipriani on a two-year contract from next season.
The government has given the go-ahead for the construction of the UK's first new nuclear power station since the UK voted to leave the EU.
Aldershot came from behind to beat Grimsby 3-3 and keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
McDonald's Japan says it will stop serving potatoes until the end of the year because of a food shortage.
Oxford Tigers have confirmed the signing of Wales scrum-half Gareth Roberts for Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham.
Judges in England and Wales could be able to jail rapists for up to 19 years if new guidelines for sexual offences are adopted.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year contract.
Austria's new president has said he will not seek re-election unless his party has an "identity".
Twelve years ago, Jordan Spieth bought a pair of golf clubs at a bargain price of $100,000 (Â£65,000).
Millions of people who failed to renew their tax credits are being urged to take advantage of a new helpline at the weekend.
Bolton Wanderers are in talks to appoint Chris Wilder as their new manager, BBC Radio Nottingham reports.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach David Johnston says his side's two wins on the road were a good opportunity to make it four points clear at the top of the Premiership.
The world's largest container ship has docked in Suffolk for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their 100-run lead over Gloucestershire in Division Two of the One-Day Cup with a seven-wicket win in Cardiff.
The government is being "derelict and counterproductive" by using a levy on soft drinks to boost school funding, councils have warned.
Land Rover has unveiled the design of its next vehicle, the Defender.
Southampton manager Claude Puel wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
US paint and coatings giant PPG has rejected a bid from Akzo Nobel, saying it poses "significant risks and uncertainties".
Inverness Caledonian Thistle thrashed Forfar Farmington 5-1 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
Thousands of people in war-torn Yemen have been forced to flee their homes because of a lack of food and fuel supplies.
United Airlines has announced it will stop operating its Belfast to Newark air route.
South Africa's failure to score goals at the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon has been blamed on poor preparation, according to former team-mate David Mashaba.
Wikipedia has launched a Russian version of the English language version of its website.
A few weeks ago, Andrew Fearon thought he had given up bobsleigh.
Stuart Boyd believes Scottish football could benefit from playing in the United States.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of causing the deaths of a girl and her cousin in Oldham on Boxing Day.
Championship side Yeovil Town have completed the signing of Southampton midfielder Jordan Gape on a season-long loan deal.
An eight-year-old boy who ran a children's 100m race without his walking frame has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards.
Global attention to climate change has fallen sharply since the Copenhagen summit last year.
Former England captain David Ginola has launched a campaign to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of football's governing body Fifa.
Defending champion Laura Doherty has been drawn in the first round of qualifying for the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl for an England legend.
Burkina Faso coach Oscar Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for next month's Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Cameroon and Mali.
A police officer used a Taser on a man who was threatening to set himself alight, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has rejected an offer from the RMT union in an attempt to resolve a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Firefighters in northern California are continuing to battle a series of devastating wildfires that have killed at least one person.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr by mutual consent and have appointed Steve Watson as their new manager.
Police in California are searching for two women suspected of abducting a jogger who was found with a tattoo on her skin.
Campaigners hoping to reopen one of Reading's best-loved swimming pools say they have been given the go-ahead by a council.
It's that time of year again where we're all looking forward to the new year.
Tributes have been paid to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister" who died after being hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Cameron Hadwin missed the cut at the European Masters as he carded a final round of three-over-par 68.
An Orange community group is planning to hold a protest parade in north Belfast on Friday evening.
A sapling planted by the suffragettes has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Olympic track cycling silver medallist Paul Irvine has announced his retirement from the sport.
Manchester United captain Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station in the western state of Andhra Pradesh has been fully operational for the first time.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died after an operation at a hospital has been opened by the health secretary.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
A Royal Navy dockyard has been placed under special measures over safety concerns.
Police investigating the deaths of two people in Dumfries and Galloway have released an image of a man they want to speak to.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Birmingham City's Adam Adams has had his appeal against his red card against Blackburn Rovers overturned.
The deaths of a father and son who were found dead at their home do not involve a third party, police have said.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for a national ban on bringing animals on to hospital wards.
Young people should be banned from buying stimulant laxatives in large quantities, according to a campaign by the charity Beat.
In our series of letters from the BBC, one of the UK's most senior politicians has said that leaving the European Union would be bad for business.
A third man has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland in connection with the London terror attack, Irish police have said.
Powers over teachers' pay will be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced.
Two teenagers are in a critical condition in hospital after being involved in a two-car crash in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new permanent exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp in Poland to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the Holocaust.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has more than doubled in the past three months.
Dumfries and Galloway runner Helen Ennis- Hill is one of the organisers of this year's Great British Run.
At least one person has been killed in a collision between a tank and a car during a military exercise in Norway, police say.
At the scene of Saturday's deadly attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, hundreds of worshippers have gathered to pray.
Italian police say they have seized the assets of one of the world's most notorious fraudsters.
Two Swiss tourists have been caned in Singapore for vandalising a train in the city-state.
Plans for a £1.2m conservation project in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead.
North Korea says it is "strongly condemn" the US missile strike on a Syrian government-run airbase that killed at least six people, state media report.
The Belfast Giants have announced that they will play their first Elite League game of 2017-18.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terror charges, his lawyer has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to protest against plans to dig up the remains of some of England's most famous people.
Matt Stevens' unbeaten century gave Kent the upper hand against Essex in the One-Day Cup.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has accused Syrian government forces of preparing to capture villages inhabited by Lebanese Shia Muslims.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said there is "much to be done" ahead of a second independence referendum.
More than 100 firefighters have been tackling a blaze at an industrial estate in Berkshire.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Police in Pembrokeshire are to be fitted with CCTV cameras in a bid to improve transparency.
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa in a bid to raise money for Sport Relief.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson believes Scott Allan is a "class act" who could turn heads at Ibrox.
A 22-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder has died in hospital.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt said he was "incredibly proud" of his team after they were beaten by Argentina in the Six Nations.
A Japanese father who left his seven-year-old son wandering alone for six days has said he forgives him.
A pensioner has been given a community payback order and a 10 year driving ban after he was found to be over the drink-drive limit.
The owners of a derelict Denbighshire hospital will have to pay more than £1m after a public inquiry into the condition of the building.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on forced leave after a video appeared to show him kicking a lorry driver.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, says former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
A modelling agency has been criticised by the Equality and Human Rights Commission for asking "sexy" women to work on its planes for up to £50,000 a year.
A quarter of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, according to a Church of England survey.
The graves of four young girls killed in an explosion at Wrexham's Red Lion Cottages in World War One are to be marked with a headstone.
The daughter of former Conservative peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse as an "absolute outrage".
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies in Florida and Ohio.
People who read books for pleasure as children outperform those who do not read newspapers, a study suggests.
National League side Lincoln City have parted company with manager Gary Davis.
All pictures Â© www.pollingstations.org
Justice Secretary Arlene Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Thousands of people in Vanuatu have been evacuated from their homes after Cyclone Pam battered the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping and murdering a Kurdish woman in the German city of Hannover.
Barnsley moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with two goals from Tom Roberts and Tom Fletcher helping them to victory over Coventry.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has blamed a lack of confidence on his side's poor start to the season.
When Kanu Gandhi arrived at the ashram of the Mahatma Gandhi in the northern Indian state of Gujarat in 1938, it was an unusual scene.
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
Hundreds of staff at a telecommunications company in Torfaen have been left "devastated" by the collapse of the firm.
A mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of sexual offences has resigned.
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Bicyclists have been banned from riding around Mansfield Market in the run-up to this year's Tour of Britain, a council has said.
Three Syrian refugees who escaped German security forces in Leipzig have been awarded the country's highest civilian honour for their bravery.
Households aged 45-54 are less wealthy than those born a decade earlier, according to a new report.
Left-wing party Podemos (We Can) has launched its campaign in Spain ahead of the country's general election on Monday.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested after an 18-year-old woman was raped at a railway station.
Two things have come out of BP's press release at the start of the week.
Dozens of pupils at a Gloucestershire school have been sent home because they did not wear proper school uniforms.
Bollywood film-maker Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film based on the life of an Indian boxer who fled violence in the north-eastern state of Assam.
The completion date for the £1.35bn Forth Crossing project has been changed by six months.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
The villagers of Wukan in southern Guangdong province are demanding the release of the leader of their protest movement, Lin Zuluan.
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump.
The first production line for washing machines in the UK has opened at a factory in Kent.
US President Barack Obama has criticised the UK's intervention in Libya, saying there is "room for criticism".
A man who faces extradition to South America after being convicted of being part of an IRA shoot to kill plot is appealing against his conviction at the Court of Appeal.
North Korea has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government.
Motherwell have completed the signing of striker Dom Thomas from Dundee United for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Leigh Centurions maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with victory over Salford Red Devils.
Actress Jaime Winstone is to play Dame Barbara Windsor in a new biopic of her life, the BBC has announced.
Militineers in Ivory Coast have opened fire in the capital, Bouaké, in an attempt to end a three-day uprising, reports say.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to end a controversial tax on feminine hygiene products.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the government is "turning a corner" in the recovery of the UK economy.
It's one of those moments in political life that you don't want to forget.
Plaid Cymru says it wants to "save 10,000 lives" in Wales by 2026.
Plans for a new school on land earmarked for a former landfill site in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead.
The price of Scottish pork has fallen by 18% in the last year, according to a trade union.
Luxury-branded goods are often seen on the catwalk, but in the real world they are much more than that.
A gang of thieves who stole power cables worth more than £1m have been jailed for eight years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail after he was found guilty of throwing eggs at his neighbour's Los Angeles home.
Schools in Scotland have become increasingly important for children with disabilities.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens hooker Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Sir Rod Temperton, one of Michael Jackson's best-known songwriters, has died.
Hannah Taylor has withdrawn from England's one-day and Twenty20 series against Pakistan in June.
Nathaniel Zohore scored the only goal of the game as Cardiff City came from behind to beat Championship strugglers Burton Albion.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a woman who was hit by a bus.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 and M8 motorways as part of major road improvements in Lanarkshire.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten half-century as England took control of the second Test against South Africa on a rain-affected second day at Old Trafford.
Amputee football in Scotland has been going on for many years, but now it is trying to spread across the country.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, an inquest has ruled.
Ospreys captain Duncan Jones says it is "disappointing" that the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) and the Welsh region have failed to agree a new dual-contracted deal.
Retail nurseries are being squeezed out of the UK garden market by supermarkets, according to broadcaster Monty Don.
An 18-year-old woman has been airlifted to hospital following an accident off Oban in Aberdeenshire.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp had already died when paramedics arrived at the scene.
Police in Israel have raided the homes of several companies involved in organising high school students' trips to Holocaust memorials.
Bradford were held to a draw by 10-man Oldham at Valley Parade.
Nice have completed the signing of former Netherlands defender Gerard Sneijder for an undisclosed fee.
Dover claimed their first National League win of the season with a 3-1 victory over struggling Chester.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Falmouth to protest against plans to increase student accommodation in the town.
A three-year project to upgrade Scotland's motorway network has begun.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter, according to Wrexham's police and crime commissioner.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has urged voters in Scotland not to "gamble" on the SNP in the event of a post-election deal with the Conservatives.
A record number of weddings were held in Gretna last year, according to new figures.
The mother of a seven-year-old boy who went missing two weeks ago has told police she fears he will be taken from her.
Councillors in Haverfordwest have voted in favour of a second consultation on the future of two Welsh medium schools.
There's been an increase in the number of children needing hospital treatment in the UK.
The family of a boy left scarred for life after being attacked by his neighbour's pet dog have been ordered to pay £10,000 in damages.
A teenager has died after falling from the top of a statue.
House prices in the UK rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
A man from Powys has told how he has kept a flag from the Battle of the Somme in a cupboard since he was a child.
A British student has been sentenced to five years in prison in the United Arab Emirates after cocaine with a street value of more than £100,000 was found in his car.
Police have been given the all-clear to hand over the transcripts of a former loyalist and republican journalist's account of the Troubles.
Russia's Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test.
Antonio Antonio scored twice as Watford came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest at Vicarage Road.
It is "more important than ever" that Wales spread the message of peace and unity during the festive season, the first minister has said.
The PGA Tour could be forced to change its anti-doping policy if it fails to comply with Olympic rules.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to have a Facebook account pretending to be you?
Footage from the Sydney cafe siege in which gunman Omar Monis killed 18 people has been released by the Australian government.
Four Royal Navy frigates that were put up for sale earlier this year have been sold to a UK ship recycler.
Salford Red Devils have signed Tonga international Tyrone McCarthy for next season.
The death of a man who fell from a cherry picker in Lincoln is being investigated by police.
The world's chemical weapons watchdog says Syria has agreed to complete the destruction of its chemical weapons by mid-2014.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could improve the quality of life, doctors say.
The manager of one of the world's best-loved bookshops has said he fears for the future of the building because of a lack of structural work.
The Ulster Unionist Party (UFU) has welcomed the supermarket Asda decision to increase the price it pays for milk.
Plans to give English MPs more say over laws affecting England have been defeated in the House of Lords.
A man who posted "callous and in the extreme" comments about a missing boy on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
Parliament in Cyprus has voted in favour of a bailout deal with the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Mountaineers from St Kilda archipelago have climbed to the summit of two of the island's highest sea stacks.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught speeding in Cardiff since a speed camera was installed in 2012, figures show.
The inquest into the death of a suicide bomber who killed 22 people at a concert in Manchester has been opened with a minute's silence.
The Department of the Department of Transport (DDR) has been ordered to pay compensation to a company that submitted the lowest bid for a new dual carriageway.
Mae cynlluniau ardal ogleddol yw agor rhagor o siopau yng Ngor Abertawe wedi cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth.
A "brutal" knife-wielding doctor has been given a four-year extension to his jail sentence.
Two disabled people have lost a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their welfare payments.
David Cameron and the SNP's Angus Robertson have clashed in the House of Commons over tax.
A number of shots have been fired in the German city of Friedrich-Stoltze, close to the main police station.
Five teachers' unions in Northern Ireland have rejected an offer from the Department of Education that would see them receive less than a pound a day.
More than half of nurseries and childminders in England say they will not offer free childcare to children in term time, according to a survey.
Scientists have discovered that flamingo cadavers are able to stand one-legged while having a doze.
An 18-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a pedestrian in Londonderry.
Workers on the Night Tube are to vote on whether they will accept a new pay offer from the RMT union.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones is attempting to cross the finish line of a cycle race to raise money for charity.
A Canadian woman has been detained in Turkey for allegedly insulting the president, her lawyer says.
Two RNLI lifeboats have been involved in a major search for a woman believed to have fallen from a bridge in Broughty Ferry.
Plans for a multi-million pound shopping and leisure complex have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Latin American countries have condemned Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to suspend the country's legislative assembly.
Increasing council tax on social care in Wales would disproportionately affect some parts of Wales, the Welsh Government has said.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a man in Carmarthenshire.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported record-breaking passenger numbers for January.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
In the wake of the protests in Nicosia on Monday, the European Commission and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) decided that small savers should face a tax on their savings.
Two people have appeared in court in Zimbabwe charged over the killing of a lion in July.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from active duty after they were involved in a confrontation at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax.
The Conservatives have retained control of Chester-le-Street in Cheshire.
At least 11 people have been killed in an explosion in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana has said.
The driver of a bus has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of an escort who went missing after visiting his flat.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland have fallen for the fourth year in a row, according to new figures.
How Welsh was King Arthur and how would he have lived?
Work on the new high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham is set to cause a "huge" number of weekend closures, campaigners have warned.
A lorry driver has been jailed for seven years for causing the deaths of a mother and her unborn baby.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" by refusing to visit his company's premises.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set alight in a house fire.
A tree office is to be built in east London as part of an arts festival.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has dropped knights and dames from the country's honours system.
Pop stars Katy Perry, Lenny Kravitz and Missy Elliott helped the New England Patriots to victory over the Seattle Seahawks in the Super Bowl.
The Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film has spoken of his "dream come true".
Championship side AC Milan have completed the signing of defender Matej Benedicic on a three-year deal.
Construction of a new arts centre in north Wales has been described as a "mess" by a construction worker.
The Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon has been the scene of a week-long standoff between protesters and the federal government.
The parents of a girl who was killed by a mentally ill man 16 years ago say they want to keep raising money for charity.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital following a crash in Londonderry.
An Orange Order parade in County Londonderry has been marred by clashes between supporters and parishioners.
Budweiser maker Anheuser-Busch InBev has rejected a new takeover offer from rival SABMiller.
One of the world's rarest humpback whales, Migaloo, has been spotted off the coast of Australia.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has warned that the Scottish government faces "tough choices" over its spending plans.
A court in Denmark has sentenced a journalist to 18 months in jail for leaking sensitive information about the country's royal family.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Alex Andrew has been given a one-game touchline ban for his violent conduct during the 2-2 draw with Sunderland.
Nottinghamshire have signed former England batsman James Taylor on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Former Manchester United midfielder Nani says he is "very confident" Valencia will have better results despite their relegation from La Liga.
England manager Sam Allardyce fears Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart could leave the Premier League club.
Barry O'Shea scored twice as League One strugglers Port Vale came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Barnsley.
China's imports fell in September from a year earlier as the world's second largest economy continued to slow down.
A peer has been found guilty of threatening to "send a bloody troublesome first generation immigrant" back to the "steaming jungle".
The number of people killed by drink-drivers in England and Wales rose by more than a third in the year ending September 2015.
More than half of Scottish businesses believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to the Fraser of Allander Institute.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Candidates for France's centre-right presidential election have clashed over social and economic reforms in a televised debate.
Doting fathers are more likely to have a positive impact on their children's cognitive development, a study suggests.
The government will continue to fund free school meals for all infants, Downing Street has said.
The number of black bags being collected by Pembrokeshire council could be reduced to two or three in a bid to save money, councillors have been told.
A California man has been sentenced to 16 years in jail for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A non-league football club has become the first in the country to eliminate animal products from its menu.
Rotherham United have re-signed former Dundee United midfielder Tom van Zanten on a two-year contract following his release by Hamilton Academical.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic and defending champion Serena Williams are through to the French Open semi-finals.
MSPs have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull will be without injured midfielder Jonjo Shelvey for Saturday's visit of Burnley.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of an Australian airman who served in Bomber Command during World War One.
Olympic champion Kadeena Johnson-Thompson won gold in the heptathlon as Great Britain claimed six medals at the European Indoor Championships.
One of the victims of the Paris terror attack has spoken of the "terrifying" actions of train staff who tried to save his life.
One of the world's rarest tortoises has died at a zoo in California.
The United States women's football team will be honoured in a parade in New York City later.
A funeral service has been held for two Irish boys who were found dead at their home last Sunday.
A former Hungarian police officer has been jailed for eight years and eight months for sexually assaulting a child under the age of 13.
Plans for a new post-16 education centre on land next to Morrison's supermarket in Torfaen have been given the go-ahead.
Rare photographs of Dambusters during World War Two have been sold at auction.
An East Dunbartonshire butcher is experimenting with a new way to celebrate Wimbledon - hens' eggs.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis said Saido Berahino "should have done better" after the striker scored his first Premier League goal since November.
A Russian conductor has performed at the ruins of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time since Islamic State (IS) militants took it in July.
The Metropolitan Opera's decision not to broadcast an opera about the hijacking of a Palestinian cruise ship in the 1980s has been criticised by the Jewish community.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark wants his side to return to the top of the Scottish Premiership if they can avoid relegation.
The UK appears to have abandoned its leadership on climate change, a UN climate change expert has warned.
A robot that is able to read and write is one of Japan's best-performing, according to a leading academic.
A Syrian rebel group says it has captured the pilot of a jet which crashed in the north-eastern province of Idlib on Sunday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is being considered for the vacant manager's job at Toulon.
The voice of Kermit the Frog is to leave the Muppets after more than 30 years.
Detectives investigating the death of an 18-year-old man in Larkhall have said the answer to his death lies within the community.
An oil rig has run aground on the Isle of Lewis.
A driver who caused the death of a teenager by careless driving has been jailed for four years.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts believes his side can turn around their poor start to the Super League season.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he "didn't have a choice" but to remove defender Mikael Lustig from the squad.
Two arson attacks have broken out at a house in Londonderry.
Plans to raise the minimum wage and scrapping zero-hours contracts are among Labour's election manifesto pledges in Wales.
A swan that was shot in the head with a bow and arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being cared for by the Scottish SPCA.
Non-formal and in-work education is to be included in a new register set up by the Welsh council.
Saudi Arabia is preparing to put to death dozens of suspected al-Qaeda militants, according to reports, Amnesty International says.
Rotherham United have re-signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Morgan-Smith on a two-year deal.
A group of zebras had to be chased by police after escaping from a cattle ranch in the Canadian city of Montreal.
Four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff ledge in Skye.
The Crown Office has ruled there is insufficient evidence to charge a Dundee West MP over his involvement in an anti-independence campaign.
There is only one party in a position to secure an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
People who read for pleasure are more likely to improve their mental and physical health, research suggests.
Silverstone's owners have "got their maths wrong" by cancelling a contract to host the British Grand Prix, says team principal Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in south Wales has installed a high-definition weather camera in a bid to reduce the number of launches.
United Airlines has become the latest technology company to reward hackers for disclosing security flaws.
Alex Boyce scored a hat-trick as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat 10-man Ross County.
Horses are more likely to react to angry and happy faces, according to researchers.
Police in north Wales have carried out a series of breath tests as part of a campaign to reduce deaths on the roads.
Two men have been taken to hospital following an assault in Edinburgh.
Lionel Messi scored the only goal of the game as Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat Charles in La Liga.
Tottenham reached the FA Cup fourth round with victory over Aston Villa thanks to goals from Andre Davies and Son Heung-Min.
Finance and insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on their next Premier League game against Manchester City.
The NHS in Wales is to carry out a trial of a controversial HIV prevention drug known as Prep.
A Russian track and field athlete has been cleared to compete at this summer's Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
Social housing in Wales contributed £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
A total of 307 Transport for London (TfL) staff have been hired for the launch of the Night Tube.
Four appliances and a pump have been brought under control after a huge fire broke out at Cardiff docks.
The police inquiry into historical child abuse in England and Wales should be scrapped and replaced with a stronger one, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
There has been a big rise in the number of young people applying to university in England and Wales over the past five years, according to figures from the Universities College of England (Ucas).
Hull KR came from behind to beat Halifax in the Challenge Cup.
A three-month-old baby who died of sepsis could have survived if he had not been rushed to hospital, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has asked a council to make a disabled swing for her disabled twin brother at a new park.
The granddaughter of one of Northern Ireland's most notorious paramilitarists has described the paramilitary display at her grandmother's funeral as a "political football".
The organisers of JogScotland Fife have said they are "devastated" after the Scottish government pulled funding for the organisation.
The DUP's Naomi Long and the Alliance's Gavin Robinson are battling it out on the streets of East Belfast.
A Metropolitan Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about an argument at the gates of Downing Street.
Actress Gemma Arterton has been cast in the West End musical version of 1970s film Made in Dagenham.
The second day of the second Test between England and India in Visakhapatnam was the most difficult of the series so far.
Two brothers have been jailed after being found guilty of conspiracy to steal more than 100 sheep.
The Greek prime minister says the "vicious circle of militarisation" between the EU and Russia is "not productive".
Team Sky chief executive Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with allegations of doping in the sport.
A Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his home in St Petersburg.
When a Pan Am flight from Mumbai to New York was hijacked by militants in 1986, one of the first things that came to mind was how to escape.
Police forces in England and Wales are being "chipped away" by a "conscious form of rationing", a police watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): London's benchmark share index closed lower, with energy firms among the biggest fallers.
Two teenagers have appeared in court charged with child pornography offences related to the death of a Canadian schoolgirl.
Olympic bronze medallist Adam Bevan says he is still hopeful of competing at the Rio Games despite a serious leg injury.
An 18-year-old man has died following a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
A search is under way for a jogger who has gone missing in Pembrokeshire.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho accused West Ham boss Sam Allardyce of "playing rubbish football" after his side were held to a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.
The UN special envoy for Syria has warned that the fragile truce in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae angen cofio am newidiadau posib yng Ngogledd Iwerddon, yn ôl Plaid Cymru.
Fly-half George North says the British and Irish Lions must "start kicking on now" as they prepare for the first Test series against New Zealand.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in Sheffield.
A World Cup winning song and video featuring some of England's greatest footballers has been re-released in the Isle of Man.
Bangladesh's education minister has sacked a head teacher who was subjected to ritual humiliation.
A number of environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been left "shocked" by cuts to their funding.
If you want to know what makes a good Indian dish, do a visit to one of the country's most famous restaurants.
Equiniti has become the first company to be awarded a government contract to develop a cloud-based time and attendance system for the Passport Office.
Two teenagers who went missing off the coast of Florida have been found safe and well.
A storm called Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has told the BBC there will be a commission of inquiry into the issue of parades.
Bristol Rovers fans have been given six weeks to give their views on the club's redevelopment plans.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how the Liberal Democrats fared during the general election campaign.
Roberto Martinez has said he will "taste this period forever" as Everton manager after being sacked by the club.
Newport County have completed the signings of former AFC Wimbledon and Falkirk striker Chris Compton and ex-AFC Wimbledon striker David Rigg.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, BBC Sport takes a look back at some of the key moments in the country's history.
A bridge in the Italian capital, Rome, has been broken apart in a bid to stop people attaching padlocks to it.
The family of a British Sikh tourist who was allegedly murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation".
Garry Ringrose has been described as the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Pop star Britney Spears performed her first live show in more than a decade at London's Roundhouse on Saturday night.
Glenurquhart were held to a 1-1 draw by Skye in the MacTavish Cup at The Dell on Saturday, while Kilmallie suffered a 5-1 loss at Kinlochshiel in the National Division.
Online news site Gawker Media has been ordered to pay more than $100,000 (Â£77,000) in damages over a sex tape posted by Hulk Hogan.
SDLP MLA Michael Mallon has backed Seamus Eastwood in his attempt to become the party's new leader.
It has been a terrible year for airliners.
Pablo Picasso's Blue Period painting La Gommeuse has become the most expensive painting ever sold at auction.
Scientists are increasingly turning to artificial intelligence in a bid to cut the cost of drug discovery.
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in their Euro 2016 quarter-final in Portugal in Cardiff.
An 11-year-old girl drowned in a swimming pool at a hotel in Lancashire, an inquest has heard.
An Indian man has been charged with murder after an eight-year-old boy was beaten to death by a donkey.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says Saturday's Championship play-off semi-final against Fife is the "hardest thing to win".
Mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed following an outbreak of flu.
Real Madrid say Fifa has asked them for information on their transfer dealings.
James Commons says he has no plans to leave Hibernian before the end of the season following his loan spell at Celtic.
More than 562,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30mph zone in a Leicestershire village in the past year, a campaign group has claimed.
French energy firm EDF has reported a €2.2bn (£1.6bn) fall in profits for the three months to the end of March, compared with €1.8bn a year earlier.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he wants a place in the world's top 50 snooker players, but has not yet decided what it is he wants.
The BBC has signed a new three-year deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations.
When Steven Gerrard announced his retirement from Liverpool at the end of Monday's FA Cup third-round tie with AFC Wimbledon, Liverpool's fans reacted with a mixture of anger and relief.
Northern Ireland's justice minister has said the government has a "responsibility" to deal with legacy investigations.
Spain's Catalonia region is in the midst of a political crisis.
Councillors in Guildford have criticised a decision not to give the go-ahead to a developer's plans for more than 1,000 homes.
A County Londonderry search and rescue group is to receive a further £30,000 in funding.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled in the city centre.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable is returning to work after being cleared of gross misconduct.
Fifa have refused to allow England and Scotland players to wear poppies on their armbands when they meet in November.
Venezuela's defence ministry says it has received a text message confirming that the body of a helicopter that crashed on Friday has been found.
The body of a woman who has been missing from her home in Wirral for more than a month has been found, police have said.
Keaton Jennings hit a career-best century as Somerset took control against Durham on day two at Taunton.
Newcastle United have been banned from entering the country for three months after the club was raided as part of a fraud investigation.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast have called on politicians and the public to support them in their fight against budget cuts.
Blackpool have re-signed former York City and Blackburn Rovers left-back Chris Jones on a one-year deal.
More than 6,000 people have signed a petition calling for a direct elected mayor for Bath and North East Somerset Council.
A body has been found in a river in Malaysia's capital, Kuala Lumpur, in connection with the abduction and murder of an 82-year-old man, police say.
Detectives investigating the murders of a mother and her boyfriend at a flat in west London have launched a fresh appeal for witnesses.
Women's Euro 2017 quarter-finalists were "brilliant" for England, according to head coach Heather Powell.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Londonderry to celebrate the arrival of King William of Orange.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Wakefield Wolves full-back Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The US says it now estimates that the Islamic State (IS) group has more than 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria.
A new herbal mead could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upset on a Sunday night, a Cardiff university professor has said.
The European Commission has opened a "pilot case" to determine whether Northern Ireland's water bills are being properly applied.
The 100th anniversary of the death of a World War One soldier has been marked in Eastbourne.
One of Britain's leading mental health experts has been appointed a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Chesterfield have re-signed former Portsmouth and Bournemouth midfielder David Hollands on a two-year deal.
Voters in Colombia go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
Former world number one Mark Simpson has been knocked out of the World Squash Championship after losing three games in a row.
Tommy Cummins scored the only goal of the game as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a burning car.
Gordon Ramsay said he had a "lot more in the tank" when he won The Open Championship at Castle Stuart on Sunday.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 with victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused the UK government of making it look like a "laughing stock" in Brexit negotiations.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the Night Tube service will be introduced in the city.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital following an inspection.
Sri Lanka's government says it will not allow an international tribunal to investigate alleged war crimes committed during the country's civil war.
Paralysed Paralympic athlete Gemma Butterfield set a new European record for the first time as she won gold in the women's F51 100m final at Rio 2016.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there can be "no veto" over Wales' interests after the UK leaves the EU.
Thousands of people are dying from malaria every year because of counterfeit antimalarial drugs, a study suggests.
Twelve people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes.
Teachers at an under-threat Birmingham school are staging another strike in a dispute with the Bright Tribe Trust.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business ties with foreign governments.
The use of a police training base for convicted criminals has been criticised.
Two academies in Telford have been placed in special measures by education watchdog Ofsted.
A woman has admitted abducting a five-month-old baby from his Shropshire home.
Rangers have completed the signing of former Leeds United midfielder Ivan Zaliukas for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
The prime minister has said she would like to "c curl up with David Suchet" on Christmas Eve.
Australia has become the first country in the world to export feeder and slaughter cattle to China.
Detectives searching for a missing airman have released CCTV images of three teenagers they want to speak to.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been given a three-match ban after being charged with an elbow.
Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng's grave will be placed in Romania if Dinamo Bucharest beat Viitorul in the Europa League final following his death.
Mainland media in China and Hong Kong feel the public trial of disgraced politician Bo Xilai in Jinan, China, has turned into a "political show".
An 80-year-old man who has cerebral palsy has said he will not be able to walk to work without a cane.
Guernsey's public relations agency spent just over £1.1m last year, according to official figures.
Sophie Bryony has won a trampolining gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
Former shadow home secretary Owen Smith has entered the Labour leadership contest.
An Inverness priest is to stand trial accused of abusing pupils in the 1970s.
The daughter of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to open a library in Birmingham in memory of the schoolgirl who was killed by the Taliban.
The head of Russia's prison service has been arrested over the collapse of a mountain road for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has unanimously approved the deployment of more than 200 police officers to Burundi in a bid to prevent further violence.
A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of a motorcyclist who was hit by a car in Caerphilly county.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Leyton Orient came from behind to beat 10-man Luton Town.
Great Britain's women's team pursuit gold medallist Katie Barker says British Cycling needs to do more to improve riders' wellbeing.
Toyota is to fund the development of the world's smallest flying car.
A 90-year-old woman who has been living in the UK for more than two years is appealing against her expulsion from the country.
The prime minister has defended the government's handling of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
Wigan Warriors rugby league player Michael Tickle is in a critical condition in hospital following an assault at a nightclub.
A Gloucestershire utility firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed by a telehandler.
Algeria midfielder Ali Bolhi has left the club to join Turkish side Besiktas for an undisclosed fee.
Residents of a small Ceredigion town have called on the council to delay the sale of a former primary school site.
Colchester moved out of the League One relegation zone with a goalless draw at Millwall.
Cornish White Tigers manager Gary Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" in the National League.
The owner of a rare Ferrari has been fined £120 for illegally moving it around the Mews in Kensington.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how Tanzania's boda boda drivers have turned out to be life-savers.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the week higher, helped by a rise in construction shares.
Women are less likely than men to ask for a pay rise when they are working full-time in Australia, a study suggests.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault on a train.
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday massacre have contacted more than 100 soldiers.
Mae BBC Cymru wedi colli dau gymeriad yng Nghastell Martin yn ymwneud â ffrwydro o fewn tanc Challenger.
A court in Sri Lanka has sentenced a former vice-president to life in prison for the murder of an opposition MP.
Huddersfield Town have re-signed midfielder Ryan Lawless on a two-year deal.
Funding for one of Wales' largest visitor sites is to be cut over the next two years.
A teenage passenger who jumped from a plane at San Francisco Airport and ran into the wing has been arrested, police say.
Detectives investigating the murder of a woman whose body was found in Edinburgh have said they have "no evidence of criminality".
Five British children have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria.
Motorcyclist Franck Petricola has died following a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A petition calling for all women in the reproductive age group to be banned from entering Hindu temples throughout the year has gone viral on social media.
A woman died from anaphylactic shock after eating a sorbet on holiday in Greece, an inquest has heard.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for 10 years after being found guilty of having sex with a teenage girl.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with an ankle injury.
Formula 1 fans will have heard a lot this weekend about what it is like to be part of a Formula 1 elite.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a woman in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali was forced to pull out of stage two of the Vuelta a Espana after being involved in a collision with a car.
Svetlana Kontaveit reached the semi-finals of the Morocco Open for the first time with a straight-set win over Carla Vondrousova.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen for the first time in five years.
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
The first episode of Doctor Who, The Bells of Saint John, will mark the 50th anniversary of David Tennant's death, it has been announced.
Three rockets have hit the Israeli city of Eilat in the Sinai peninsula.
It's almost 70 years since the first book I read was published in Australia.
For many, the first Gulf War was the beginning of what is now known as the "Greatest War".
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of north Belfast to protest against what they claim is a neo-Nazi takeover of the city.
Wales and Ospreys fly-half Jonny Hook will return to Gloucester at the end of the season.
Chloe Grace Moretz is no stranger to body shaming.
Plans for an incineration plant on a former coal-fired power station in Norwich have been given the go-ahead.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married.
ITV drama Broadchurch is to end after more than three years in the air.
The Doonhamers lived in Dumfries and Galloway in the 1860s and 1870s.
The chief executive of an NHS trust criticised by the Care Quality Commission has stepped down.
New traffic lights are to be installed at a busy road junction following an increase in collisions.
Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition politician who was assassinated last year, has published a long-awaited report on Russia's involvement in the conflict in Ukraine.
In Dumfries and Galloway prison, there is only one cell.
John Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner in Londonderry.
More than 100,000 cigarettes and tobacco have been seized in Lincoln.
Hundreds of thousands of people turned out for the 70th Hogmanay Street Party in Edinburgh.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in the German city of Augsburg and is to be evacuated, officials say.
Scientists say they have made a major step forward in their understanding of the evolution of a group of land-based vertebrates, including crocodiles.
The number of family doctors working in Wales has fallen for the first time in five years, figures have shown.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers what should be done when things go wrong.
None of the crew were wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets at the time of a fatal accident involving a speedboat, a report has found.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in the French Alps probably made a sharp turn and turned around, an inquest has heard.
UK Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the UK's decision to intervene in Syria was based on "wishful thinking".
Prof Stephen Hawking is to give the BBC's Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in the red, according to the Education Department.
Hundreds of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
Police in Copenhagen say a man accused of killing his girlfriend on board a submarine has changed his account of what happened.
Citizens Advice is calling for a 12-month time limit on back-bill bills from energy suppliers, in an effort to cut the number of people who receive them.
The death of a boy in a Glasgow cemetery was caused by a "significant amount of vandalism", a public inquiry has heard.
For decades, the image of James Bond has dominated British recruitment.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in full-year profits despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Middlesex captain Brendon McCullum has re-signed for next season's T20 Blast competition.
China's Baosteel, the world's second-largest steelmaker, is to merge with its smaller rival, Wuhan Iron and Steel Group.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was right to pick his team for Saturday's FA Cup final at Wembley.
It's 70 years since the end of World War One.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Egypt came from behind to beat Egypt's Ahly 1-0 in the first leg of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier.
Ed Sheeran has announced that he will not be travelling for the rest of the year.
An eight-year-old boy with severe cerebral palsy is to receive a £2.3m payout after a legal battle over his care.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "responsible" for his side's 1-0 Champions League defeat by Sevilla in Basel.
Schoolchildren in India's Bihar state have been caught cheating in several schools.
James Pattinson took five wickets to help Australia take control of the second Test against West Indies in Perth.
Scientists in Japan have developed a drug that kills the first stage of the roundworm parasite that causes malaria.
German industrial giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer to take over French transport giant Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has returned to action for the first time since being diagnosed with prostate cancer.
The chief executive of a Carmarthenshire council has been ordered to pay more than £100,000 in legal fees to a blogger who sued him for defamation.
Belfast Stakes won the Irish Grand National for the second year in a row on Sunday.
Bolton were held to a goalless draw by Championship play-off hopefuls Birmingham City.
England secured their place at Euro 2016 with a deserved victory over the Netherlands at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann says rumours of player unrest are "so far from the truth".
It is not every day that a football match between Italy and Republic of Ireland takes place in Belfast.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a two-car crash in West Lothian.
Libya will not be able to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the ongoing civil war in the north African country.
Thousands of people have taken part in this year's Para-athletics World Championships in London.
Jane Austen is best known for her love of fighting zombies.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland squad for next month's European Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Mark Hughes praised his goalkeeper after his side were held to a goalless draw by Dundee.
Coronation Street's 30th anniversary celebrations have been delayed after a fire broke out on the set of the soap.
An Indian Paralympian who won a silver medal in the men's high jump at the London 2012 Games has been hailed as an inspiration to Paralympians across the world.
A social worker who viewed "adult pornographic material" on more than 1,000 occasions has been sacked.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager for the second time in three years.
A 35-year-old man has appeared in court in County Limerick charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Antrim.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson will miss the start of his trial on charges of sexual activity with a child.
A Cumbrian tax cheat has been jailed for three years.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has stepped down after his name failed to appear on electoral registration lists in the run-up to the general election.
A woman who made a life-sized replica of Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) to celebrate the vehicle's second millionth birthday has said it was the "biggest cake in the world".
The Liberal Democrats have apologised to the boss of an estate agent who called for the party's general election campaign to be dropped.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£3.3m) fine to settle a tax case over the signing of Brazil forward Neymar in 2013.
Politicians in the US state of Virginia and West Virginia have called for stricter gun control laws following the mass shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the UK are "very low", according to two leading scientists.
Authorities in the US city of New York have evacuated part of the Statue of Liberty after reports of a suspicious package.
The Republic of Ireland's Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Cowen has apologised for his "hoarseness" in a television interview on Monday.
Rotherham United have signed striker Frank Herd on a two-year deal and striker Chris Nouble on a three-year contract.
Tottenham Hotspur are "a long way down the path" of agreeing to play their home games at Wembley next season, according to the club's chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts may be one of the world's best-loved pastimes.
UK industrial production fell by 0.3% in the first three months of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an independent investigation into the killing of civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
Money can be hard to come by this time of year, especially if you are trying to save money, according to experts.
Families of those killed in the Birmingham pub bombings should be given legal aid, a coroner has said.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has declined a state funeral for former cricketer Richie Benaud.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House says.
The body of missing Inverness teenager Liam Mitchell has been found on the shore of St Fergus.
Average house prices in the UK rose slightly in the year to November, according to mortgage lender Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray reached his first Australian Open semi-final with victory over Nick Kyrgios at Rod Laver Arena.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager David Christie has called for a rule change in Scottish football to make the game better.
The body of a man has been found after a fire at a house in Reading.
An 18-year-old man has been remanded in custody in connection with a shooting at a residential school in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
One of the UK's biggest arts festivals, the Bandstand Marathon, celebrated the closing of the London 2012 Festival on Sunday night.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the evolution of the comforter.
Iran is committed to its nuclear programme and could start to lift sanctions "in December", French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have accused NHS Highland of "complacency" over its financial situation.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France.
One of the missing Chibok schoolgirls has been found alive in a forest in north-east Nigeria, the Nigerian military says.
UEFA has set up a loyalty portal for Northern Ireland football fans who missed out on tickets to the Euro 2016 finals.
A record 33 Scots will represent Great Britain at this summer's Olympic Games in Rio.
BBC Persian staff have been subjected to "increasing levels of intimidation" in Iran, the BBC's human rights director has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has called for joint patrols with rangers in northern Mali in an attempt to stem the poaching of endangered elephants.
The Duchess of Cornwall is to mark The Royal Welsh Regiment's 50th anniversary with the presentation of its new colours.
Ukraine's youngest ever deputy minster has been the target of a torrent of online criticism.
Prisoners with "unmet needs" in England and Wales were put on a waiting list for specialised treatment, a former NHS trust worker has claimed.
Stuart McGinn is relishing the chance to take a break from Hibernian's top-of-the-table form.
Over the past five years, the BBC has been following a steady stream of allegations about Scotland Yard and other police officers involved in undercover operations.
Telefonica and Hutchison have threatened legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator over its decision to delay the auction of spectrum for O2 and Three.
The governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) looks set to win the presidential election in Mexico's Oaxaca state on Sunday, electoral officials say.
Manchester United could sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic from Paris St-Germain in the summer.
Clyde Blowers' new hybrid ferry has been launched at the Clyde Shipyard.
It's that time of year again when you're trying to decide whether or not to apply for university places.
(Close): The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed lower on Wednesday as oil prices continued to fall.
David Cameron will have to step down at some point during the next Parliament, Iain Duncan Smith has told the BBC.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether 2013 has been a good year for Africa.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", has been sacked by King Abdullah.
Tesco has agreed to sell its Fresh & Easy brand to a private equity firm in Los Angeles.
The chief executive of one of Wales' largest health boards has been named.
Former Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has teamed up with Sir Paul McCartney for a new single called Four Five Seconds.
Baltimore's police chief is to step down as part of an ongoing review of the city's police department.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug isotretinoin are being overused, according to a campaign group.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the Shining Path drug group.
Tributes have been paid to a pilot who died after his aeroplane crashed during the CarFest music festival.
The head of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, has been killed in a US drone strike, officials say.
US President Donald Trump is due to deliver his first major national security address on Sunday.
(Close): London's main share index closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by strong results from Ryanair and Barratt Developments.
When Ricky Burns beat Michele Di Rocco in the eighth round of his WBA super-lightweight title eliminator at Glasgow's O2 Arena on Saturday night, it was the perfect moment to celebrate his achievement.
Myanmar's military says it has found 12 of the 18 accusations it made in a UN report into alleged human rights abuses against the country's Rohingya Muslim minority to be false.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are "at the heart of the criminal justice system", according to the country's most senior police and crime commissioner.
An Australian author has been surprised to receive an anonymous email saying she had won the prestigious Windham-Campbell prize.
A 102-year-old German doctor has finally received her PhD that the Nazis stole because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have completed the signing of Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A 32-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The number of homes being repossessed in the second quarter of the year has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, figures show.
A seat in Bridgend has been won by the Conservatives.
Leicestershire County Council's deputy leader, Byron Rhodes, says the local government funding system is "chaotic" and "doesn't reflect real need".
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
One of the UK's largest tour operators is to stop offering trips to traditional animal zoos.
Lionel Richie has announced he will perform at this year's Las Vegas International Music Festival.
Anglers should be banned from fishing at an East Sussex country park after an injured swan had its tongue amputated, a wildlife charity has said.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand will be remembered for the way they fought back in Saturday's decider.
Vigilantes targeting paedophiles who pose a "real risk" to children have been criticised by Kent Police.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side's 2-0 home defeat by Bournemouth in the Premier League gives them "breathing space".
A fire at a recycling plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as suspicious.
Highland Council is seeking quotes for repairs after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors on Skye.
Mae crwner yn Aberystwyth wedi cael ei bod o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind ar ôl cyfnod y Nadolig.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a one-year contract extension with the Elite League club.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten century as England took control of the second Test against West Indies at Headingley.
MPs have strongly criticised News Corp boss Rupert Murdoch over his handling of phone hacking.
The parents of three children who died after being diagnosed with cancer have spoken of their "horrific" loss.
Talks aimed at resolving a long-running dispute over the future of Southern rail are set to resume in the new year.
Mae Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in East Lothian has been adjourned until tomorrow.
A Swedish city's decision to cut back its eight-hour work day has sparked debate about work culture and the future of work-life balance in the country.
The Ineos Grangemouth petrochemical plant is set to return to profitability following the closure of its second manufacturing unit.
Rotherham United have signed Crystal Palace left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby who was diagnosed with a rare form of leukaemia want to raise money for her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back David Eckersley on a two-year contract.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant has unveiled a timetable to bring the plant to a "cold shutdown".
Tata Steel is expected to submit a formal bid for its Port Talbot and Scunthorpe plants on Tuesday.
The Vatican has declined to confirm the nomination of a gay French diplomat as its new ambassador to the Vatican.
Rangers beat Celtic 6-6 on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
The trial of a mother and her boyfriend accused of murdering their toddler son has been adjourned until next year.
The daughter of Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in California last year, is suing Porsche over his death, according to reports.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has vowed to rebuild a fireworks market destroyed in a series of explosions on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have come up with a new way to vaccinate against flu.
The coroner's service has begun a review into how Northern Ireland's legacy inquests are handled.
More than 100,000 people have been killed and more than 200,000 have been displaced by the devastating earthquake in South East Asia.
David Cameron is "open to different ways" of dealing with the issue of child benefit cuts in the Conservative manifesto, the work and pensions secretary has said.
The world premiere of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been hailed as "amazing" and "awesome" by critics.
Prisoners in Pentonville are living in "inhumane" conditions, a prison watchdog has said.
Ivanka Trump has become the first daughter of US President Donald Trump to be appointed a White House adviser.
A village pub which was put up for sale last year is to be turned into a free house after a community group raised more than £300,000.
Civil rights group the Movement for Black Lives (MLA) has asked Facebook to clarify its policy on removing racist content.
How much would the £380m upgrade of the M4 Black Route do for Wales?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for next month's European Road Championships in Germany.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was "very pleased" with his side's 2-2 friendly draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their 100% start to the Women's Super League One season as they came from behind to beat Liverpool Ladies.
The Turkish parliament is set to approve new powers for the police.
A campaign has been launched to stop work being carried out on a derelict apartment in the Chelsea Hotel.
On the outskirts of New York City, in the heartland of the United States, there is no football.
Lego, the world's biggest Lego maker, has come under fire in China over its controversial artwork Ai Weiwei.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people as part of an investigation into alleged match-fixing in football.
A report into the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales is to be published later this year, the health commissioner has said.
It has been a turbulent year for Northern Ireland's peace process.
Birmingham City have extended the loan spell of Birmingham City goalkeeper Josh Cooper until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it wants to increase the availability of tablet computers in its schools.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a Denbighshire woman.
Prisoners at a state-of-the-art prison are feeling unsafe, inspectors have said.
Russia says it has carried out a series of air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants near the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra.
Police in the US city of Phoenix say they have charged a man with 16 counts of murder in connection with the deaths of six people.
Iran's foreign minister Javad Zarif has told the BBC that Iran's participation in peace talks with world powers in Vienna is "a step too far".
Children with a peanut allergy have been able to eat five whole peanuts a day for a year, according to a large clinical trial.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have accused each other of "let rip at each other in public".
Iad, the traditional mead, has long been associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
Work to remove part of the Winchburgh railway tunnel is expected to cause major disruption to rail services over the next six weeks.
The wife of a British holidaymaker killed in the Tunisia terror attack has paid tribute to her husband.
A man's body has been recovered from a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second election before Christmas would cause a "shambles" in the UK.
One of the UK's largest seabird colonies has reopened to the public 10 years after it closed.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been given a three-match ban after appearing to elbow Tottenham's Harry Arter.
For decades, Northern Ireland's political parties have been arguing that the parliamentary system should be reformed.
A Dorset military museum is to use a lottery grant of more than £1m to help it celebrate the centenary of World War One.
Celtic striker Moussa Dembele insists he is happy to remain at the club despite reports linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's resilience after coming from behind to beat Rangers in the Scottish Premiership.
An investigation into the murder of three-year-old Peter Tobin is being scaled back.
Billy Root hit a century as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
Pupils at a school in Neath Port Talbot have said they are "appalled" at the treatment of a Muslim teacher who was refused entry to the US.
Two brothers have gone on trial accused of helping a British man fight for so-called Islamic State (IS).
Plans to introduce a single percentage of affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, according to a new report.
RB Leipzig maintained their 100% start to the Bundesliga season as they came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital following a fall at Tryfan Mountain in Anglesey.
Steven Halkett scored the only goal of the game as Rangers beat Livingston at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated their signed shirts to a football charity in memory of a friend who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after he was threatened with a knife in what police described as a "cowardly attack".
Matt Parkin scored the only goal of the game as Cheltenham came from behind to beat Forest Green in the National League.
Anthony Watson has been ruled out of England's Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday.
South Africa made a winning start to their Women's World Twenty20 campaign with an eight-wicket victory over Ireland in Port Elizabeth.
More than 100 people had to be rescued from flood water in Southend during heavy rain.
As the Philippines prepares to compete at the Miss Universe and Miss Universe finals in June, the BBC's Sarah Seifert looks at how the country's beauty pageants prepare candidates for the international competition.
Ebbsfleet secured their first National League win of the season with a 2-2 draw at Guiseley.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said there will be no more military exercises with the US next year.
There is "every likelihood" of a vote in the Welsh Assembly on the triggering of Article 50, the Welsh Government has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored the only goal of the game as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton at St James' Park.
Boaty McBoatface, Clifford the Big Red Boat and Sir David Attenborough are among the names in the running to be named for an Antarctic research ship.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
One of London's most senior civil servants has been appointed to carry out a strategic review of security arrangements in the capital.
A handwritten note signed by a German general declaring the end of World War Two has sold at auction for £2,500.
New Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been appointed by the government to oversee the renewal of the BBC's TV licence.
A British man has gone missing at a holiday resort in the Canary Islands.
Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
The number of victims of historical child sex abuse in the South West has "outstripped" its capacity, a charity has said.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked following allegations of match-fixing.
In a barn on the outskirts of Nottingham, a young sheep is being examined for signs of arthritis.
Nigel Farage has predicted the UK will hold a referendum on leaving the European Union in June.
For more than half a century, the United States has been one of the world's great powerhouses.
Parma have failed in their bid to qualify for Serie B for the first time in more than 20 years.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of telling a woman to "go into the bushes" at a campaign rally.
Comedian Caroline Flack and singer Olly Murs have been announced as co-hosts of The X Factor.
The widow of a man killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced.
Part of a railway line has been closed following a fire at a toy factory in Sheffield.
A British backpacker has been found unconscious on a train in Thailand.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock fears his side are "going to limp over the line" by conceding late goals for the first time this season.
Manchester City defender Samir Nasri has returned to first-team training "a little bit overweight", according to manager Pep Guardiola.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol in La Liga.
Nana Akufo-Addo has won Ghana's presidential election.
Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have taken to the streets in the capital, Harare, to protest against government corruption.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
At least nine people have been killed in a suspected gas explosion in southern Spain, local media report.
A man accused of trying to smuggle horsemeat into the UK has pleaded not guilty at the Old Bailey.
India will become the first country in the world to create a unique biometric identity database.
The UK's spy agency GCHQ has revealed details of how it gathers data from internet searches on Google, Facebook and other platforms.
Northern Ireland's Jonathan Evans secured his first win in the World Rally Championship (WRC) with victory in the first round of the event in Hungary.
Russia and Iran have agreed to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas of Syria in a bid to bring an end to months of fighting.
The owner of bubble tea shops in England and Wales has agreed to pay staff at least the minimum wage after a row over the terms of a training contract.
Exeter came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps and move back to the top of the table.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City has declared a mistrial over the fatal shooting of a witness at the opening of a new courthouse.
Three Welsh Labour AMs are backing Yvette Cooper in the race to be the party's next leader, it has been announced.
Political divisions are "widening and exacerbating tensions in our society", an equality watchdog has warned.
In this series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and writer Joseph Fox looks at the history of mudlarking.
The number of people with mental health problems attending accident and emergency departments in England and Wales has more than doubled in two years.
Liverpool City Council has called for all retailers and vendors of newspapers in the city to stop selling The Sun.
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for killing a six-year old girl in a hit-and-run crash.
Restrictions imposed on bus services contracted by Avon and Somerset Council in the 1990s are to be reviewed.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has told Easter worshippers that the recent terror attacks in Brussels were "not the end of the world".
The United Arab Emirates says it has intercepted two missiles fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen.
The government has said it intends to target support at those who need it most - not those who are unable to do so.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he expects to be "active" in the transfer market this summer.
Mark Molesley scored the only goal of the game as Aldershot came from behind to beat Portsmouth in the FA Cup second round.
An album of signatures from World War Two Dambusters squadron members has sold for £2,500 at auction.
The Welsh Government is "winning the battle" against bovine TB, the country's chief veterinary officer has said.
A 72-year-old man has been arrested as part of an investigation into phone hacking by the News of the World newspaper.
The Church in Wales has accused Cyngor Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising" its partnership with the Diocese of St Asaph.
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo won the African Confederation Cup for the second time with a 2-0 victory over Bejaia of Ethiopia in Lubumbashi on Sunday.
Malian soldiers have been accused of carrying out summary executions in towns and villages in the north of the country, a rights group has said.
Notts County Ladies have completed the signing of England Under-20 international defender Hannah Greenwood from Liverpool Ladies.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in the opening game of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thein Sein, the former prime minister of Myanmar, has pledged that the country will return to democracy.
Jewellery worth more than £20,000 has been stolen from a shop in Lincolnshire.
The name of a disgraced former doctor has been removed from the medical register.
James Guptill and Kane Williamson hit centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Hamilton.
An 18th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to a working condition, its owner has said.
Hundreds of jobs are to go at Tata's steelmaking plant in Newport, the company has announced.
Britain's Laura Cave won the Women's Ironman World Championships for the second year in a row with victory in Rio.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has defended his decision to join the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have completed the signing of striker James Guthrie for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated the first practice session at the Italian Grand Prix as Ferrari dominated on the medium tyre.
David Coulthard set the fastest time of the second day of qualifying at the Isle of Man TT on Thursday.
The Pensions Regulator has asked Newsnight for its analysis of plans for a pension scheme in the wake of the collapse of BHS.
The family of a man who died after being shot in the leg during Operation Demetrius have said they have been unable to reburie the bullet found in his body.
West Ham remain four points clear at the top of the Premier League after a 2-0 win at Southampton.
Former Top Gear host Philip Hammond says his "Swiss Army Knee" is "finished and works" after being injured in a car crash while filming for The Grand Tour.
Voters in the UK have voted to leave the European Union.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has "no intention of resigning".
A man has been fined Â£100,000 for the manslaughter of a worker who fell through the roof of a warehouse.
The creator of Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson, has revealed that his life was "cut off" because of Alzheimer's disease.
As many as 100,000 people in the UK are missing out on so-called grandparents' credit because they don't have National Insurance, a senior civil servant has said.
Plans for a new theme park in south-east England have been given the go-ahead.
Nigeria has become the second country in Africa to pull out of international flights due to a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have completed the signing of Slovakia striker Matej Kozak for an undisclosed fee.
A ban on the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products in supermarkets in Wales has come into force.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis believes Burnley boss Sean Dyche is one of the best British managers in the Premier League.
North Korea has test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), US officials say.
Stuart Martin says Scotland must show more quality if they are to beat Italy and qualify for Euro 2016.
Anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has won an appeal against Australia's decision to revoke his visa to visit the country.
Jon Stewart, the host of the satirical US talk show The Daily Show, has returned to the airwaves for the first time since 9/11.
Former Liberal Democrat and Plaid Cymru leader David Simpson has been re-elected as the new leader of Swansea City Council.
Lancashire all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a one-year contract extension with the county.
A tribute to composer John Williams will be played at this year's BBC Proms in Hull to mark the festival's 90th anniversary.
The SNP was the largest party in council areas across Scotland as a whole in last week's local elections, according to official results.
The US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq has said it will do "absolutely everything it can" to ensure civilians survive the battle to retake western Mosul.
Gusts of up to 90mph (145kmph) are expected to hit parts of north and mid Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Researchers say they have developed "skin-like" materials that are able to cope with high levels of pressure.
The future of four Roman Catholic schools in the Borders is to be examined by Borders Council.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored a hat-trick as Falkirk eased to victory over Ayr United.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car.
Pete St Aubyn has been named the winner of this year's Wodehouse Prize for Fiction.
England's Under-20 World Cup semi-final against New Zealand will be shown live on the BBC.
California has exceeded its water conservation guidelines for the second month in a row, according to state officials.
A three-year-old lion that went on a three-week sheep-killing rampage in South Africa is set to become the dominant male in a national park.
A mosque in the US state of Florida has been turned into a polling place ahead of the local elections.
Higher education staff across the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
Chinese authorities have arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the Tianjin blasts, state media report.
The acidification of the world's oceans could have a devastating impact on marine life, according to a new report.
A teenager who died after falling off a cliff in Brighton was taking a hallucinogenic drug, an inquest has heard.
US interest rates have been held at a record low of 0.25%.
Britain's Chris Froome won the 13th stage of the Tour de France as his team-mates paid tribute to the victims of the Nice attack.
The driver of a bin lorry which crashed into the Millennium Hotel in Glasgow last year was "fit to drive", a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has lashed out at Germany, accusing it of "Nazi practices".
Nottingham Forest have re-signed Wolves midfielder Yannick Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh scrum-half Scott Fife has left the Premiership club by mutual consent, along with prop Matt Toolis.
Three suicide car bomb attacks in the Yemeni capital, Aden, have killed at least 14 people, officials say.
The BBC is to expand its coverage of the Diamond League meeting series in England and Wales over the next two years.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament.
An 11-year-old boy from the US has become the youngest winner of a spelling competition in the United States.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a one-year contract extension with the Championship club.
More than half of teachers in England say they have been subjected to abuse this year, a teachers' union has said.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who escaped a house fire in Canada has spoken of her relief.
Partick Thistle are in talks with Shrewsbury Town about appointing Alan Archibald as their new manager, BBC Scotland understands.
British motorcyclist Gary Carswell has died following a crash at a race in Essex.
Russia has dismissed as " amateurish, unprofessional" claims that it was involved in last year's US presidential election as a "witch-hunt".
The board of American Apparel has filed a lawsuit against former chief executive Dave Charney, accusing him of sexually harassing female employees.
A memorial has been held for a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Paris.
A powerful earthquake has struck north-eastern China's Gansu province, with tremors felt as far away as Xian.
Promotion-chasing Reading came from behind to beat Championship play-off hopefuls Burton Albion and reach the play-offs.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rental sector, according to a new report from Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Paulie Taylor will make his professional debut at London's SSE Arena on Saturday, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
Cardiff is to become the first city in the world to adopt a new approach to tackling violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how artificial intelligence (AI) is changing our lives.
Norwich City midfielder Callum Maddison has signed a one-year contract extension with the Championship club.
Germany's Christian Jung became the first horse-rider to win a Grand Slam at Badminton with victory on La Biosthetique.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary of independence from China, it's important to consider whether time is on China's side or Taiwan's side.
Tens of thousands of people protested against the treatment of a man who died after being stopped by police.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a public health emergency.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for an international summit aimed at tackling corruption in the UK.
St Johnstone extended Inverness Caledonian Thistle's lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points.
New mothers in England are more likely to breastfeed than ever before, new figures show.
War and Peace has topped the overnight ratings chart for the first time, with an average of 8.3 million viewers.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' World Cup qualifying campaign will not change in the summer, according to Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand last month has been found safe and well.
The Western Sahara is one of Africa's most northerly states and is home to some of the world's most important mineral resources.
Michael Donnelly secured his place in the semi-finals of the men's bantamweight at the Rio Olympics with a narrow victory over Morocco's Zohir Kedache.
An eight-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between the rotating floor of a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has rejected calls from three northern Italian regions to take in more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Aleksandar Andreyev, has said that his comments about Poland's role in World War Two were "untrue and contrary to the findings of Polish historians".
The French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has published a new book in the wake of the murder of cartoonist Charlie Charb.
Flood sirens have been used to warn homes and businesses in parts of the Calderdale valley about flooding.
Construction workers in Hong Kong have finished building the world's biggest concrete bridge.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in Bradford.
Historic images of Glasgow's high rise buildings are to go on display for the first time.
Olympic judo star Stephanie MacLeod has said she will be "up and about before you know it and come and see everyone and can't wait to get home".
It is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" if the UK leaves the European Union, the Brexit secretary has said.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has released code used to obfuscate the source of malware used to spy on targets, according to Wikileaks.
Hundreds of pages from the Quran have gone on display at Leeds City Museum for the first time.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy grabbed a stoppage-time winner as Cheltenham came from behind to draw at Mansfield.
World number one Andy Murray recovered from a foot injury to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open.
The owner of an oil rig that ran aground on Lewis in the early hours of Sunday has asked for "serious consideration" to repair the structure.
Craig Gordon says he has no bigger incentive to keep his place in Liverpool's starting line-up than playing at the highest level of club football.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed 10-man North Ferriby in the National League.
Rescue teams in Colombia are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide near the capital, Medellin.
Huddersfield Giants have re-signed Warrington Wolves half-back Ben Ormsby on a two-year deal.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
One of the UK's longest railway tunnelling drives has reached its final destination.
A former IRA leader has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville.
Jared Payne has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
One of the UK's most wanted jihadists has been killed by a roadside bomb in Iraq, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen has been ruled out of the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Northern Ireland's First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" in Northern Ireland's economy.
Sports Direct's chief executive Dave Forsey is to step down, the BBC understands.
Sin City is one of the world's most beautiful cities.
England suffered a crushing defeat by Pakistan in the first Test in Abu Dhabi.
China won their first gold medal of Rio 2016 with victory in the men's table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, have begun a tour of Australia.
More than 200 beaches in England do not have lifeguards on duty, according to new research.
US broadcaster Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 72.
This year's children's laureate will take to the stage at London's O2 Arena at the end of the year.
Former Aston Villa defender Neil Savage believes former Birmingham City boss Steve Bruce will be a good choice to manage the club.
There will be "significant arrests" in the coming days, the PSNI has said.
The wife of a sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a Tube station has said he is being "vigilated".
Chester have re-signed Coventry City left-back Ben Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian maintained their 100% start to the season with victory over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon says it has reached an agreement with workers in France over the redundancy of its direct selling representatives.
Formula 1 teams have been testing their new cars for the first time at the Jerez Grand Prix.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Denbighshire.
Thousands of ceramic poppies, which helped raise more than £9m for military service charities, are to go on display for the first time.
When Sir Jeffery Amherst was appointed governor of Guernsey in 1760 he was widely regarded as one of the most important figures in British colonial history.
Kenya's Olympic 800 metres champion Rebecca Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a drugs test.
Plans to double the size of one of the UK's largest offshore wind farms have been given the go-ahead.
A US judge has increased the amount of damages Apple has received after it lost a patent dispute with a university.
A Northern Ireland fan has died after falling from a promenade during the team's Euro 2016 match against France on Sunday.
Alfred Harsent has been shortlisted for the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship.
A wine bar has been fined £50,000 after a woman was poisoned with a liquid nitrogen cocktail that caused a cloud of smoke to form in her mouth.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in the Republic of Ireland's Military Road.
There are "significant weaknesses" in the care of older people in the Western Isles, inspectors have said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer in a "horrendous attack".
The Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the 2017 African Nations Championship (CHAN) by Zambia after a 2-1 aggregate defeat at home to Zambia.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers believes Ollie Ntcham has the ability to become a "top, top level number eight" after the midfielder impressed in Saturday's friendly against Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge on the A9 near Inverness have been unveiled.
Scientists at Tatooine University in Australia have been using the Force to communicate over long distances and to lift heavy things out of swamps.
UKIP has a "very good chance" of breaking through next year's assembly election, the party's leader in Wales has said.
In the kitchen of a Polish deli in Peterborough, the staff are waiting anxiously for a letter.
A paedophile from Pembrokeshire has been jailed after being found guilty of sexually abusing a young girl.
The parents of a 15-year-old Mexican girl who was invited to her 15th birthday party have said they will not turn anyone away.
An appeal to raise money for the family of a seven-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in her Dorset home has failed to reach its target.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released from a Pembrokeshire nature reserve.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, an inquiry has heard.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at the University of Pennsylvania after being accused of sexual assault.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been discovered by coastguards on Anglesey.
The rate at which carbon dioxide was released into the atmosphere was at least four billion tonnes a year earlier than it is today, a study suggests.
On the streets of Kirkcaldy in Fife, hundreds of young people are taking to the streets to compete in gymnastics.
St Helens secured their place in the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought win over Catalans Dragons.
Residents of a Denbighshire village devastated by flooding three years ago have said they feel safer.
Telecoms giant BT has announced plans to roll out fibre broadband across Scotland and Wales.
People caught using legal tax shelter schemes could face fines of up to 100% of the value of the tax they have avoided, Labour has said.
Rugby should be banned from schools and clubs in England for at least seven days at any time, according to a leading medical expert.
Parts of a medieval castle on the Isle of Wight are to be restored as part of a multi-million pound conservation project.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has said an independent review into the safety of mesh implants is to be examined.
Eggs worth hundreds of pounds have been stolen from the nests of gulls in a harbour.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving in the UK has fallen for the second year in a row, the BBC has learned.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition calling for a controversial dog meat festival to be banned.
China's Zhang Long won Olympic gold in the men's -69kg weightlifting in Rio.
Manchester United have completed the signing of PSV Eindhoven striker Memphis Depay on a three-year deal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg considers virtual reality to be the next big thing.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey became the first Briton to win three World Cup bouldering titles.
A Dundee man who repeatedly shouted "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers" to members of a mosque has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Four men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a factory.
A delivery driver was hit in the face with a golf club during an "unprovoked" robbery in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales has not gone as far as it should, according to the former head of the Church in Wales.
More than 16,000 hectares of forest in Wales need to be re-planted to meet the growing demand for timber, according to forestry organisations.
Rare eels have been found at a fish pass in Norfolk for the first time in more than 40 years.
A court in the Indian city of Mumbai has charged Bollywood star Salman Khan with causing the death of a policeman by careless driving.
The funeral of Eddie Hutch took place at a receptionist's office in Londonderry at the weekend.
A sportive is to be held to celebrate the achievements of British cyclist Robert Millar.
Immigrants living and working in Wales should be able to learn Welsh as an alternative to English, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the US for software that can assess brain activity has more than doubled in the last five years.
A hospital has apologised after a surgical bung fell out during a patient's surgery.
Hungary's prime minister has accused European leaders of "egoism" and "common European sense" after hundreds of migrants refused to be taken off a train at Bicske.
Melania Trump's decision to leave her young son at home in the White House during the middle of the school term is causing a stir on social media.
The leader of the Welsh assembly's finance committee has said Labour incompetence is endangering devolution.
A firefighter has been sacked following the death of a pensioner who died in a house fire.
A Gloucestershire secondary school has announced it is to close.
Pioneering Welsh artist Tryweryn Williams has said she does not see a day in the future when she stops painting.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, says it is investigating an alleged hack of its bitcoin exchange platform.
As he prepares to make his Masters debut on Thursday, amateur Matthew Gregory has been keeping his eyes glued to the television.
The death of an 18-year-old woman who filmed herself taking her own life on the social media app Periscope has raised questions about the dangers of the medium.
A woman has been jailed for life after admitting stabbing her elderly mother to death in her own home.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as the value of the US dollar continued to rise.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsene Wenger suffered his first defeat as Arsenal manager as Manchester United thrashed the Gunners at Old Trafford.
A group of tourists had to be evacuated from Mount Etna in Italy after a lava flow burst into snow.
David Cameron is "greatly dismayed" by the result of the Holyrood election, one of his closest advisers has told the BBC.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has the ability to become an All Black, according to former New Zealand flanker Ian Brooke.
Benfica thrashed Vitória Guimarães 5-0 to win the Portuguese league for the first time in their history.
When Patrick Smith retired from athletics at the age of 35, he had no idea he would go on to become a Paralympian.
Down produced a superb second-half display to beat Meath 1-13 to 0-14 in Division Two of the All-Ireland Football League.
Tributes have been paid to one of Bristol's most senior Labour councillors who has died.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been given a six-month ban by the Football Association for betting offences.
In the middle of Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, in the centre of the city, the noise from the crowd is deafening.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to earn money from online activities and renting out properties, research suggests.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe being gay is a sin.
Construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build 1,500 new homes in Scotland.
Scotland's finance committee is due to publish its report on the budget later this month.
The body of a man has been recovered from a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Celebrity entertainer Gary Barlow has performed a surprise concert at a shopping centre in Oxford.
Five people have been injured in a house fire in West Lothian.
Poland's parliament has rejected an anti-abortion bill that would have banned abortions in cases of rape or incest.
Four men have pleaded guilty in connection with the Hatton Garden safe deposit raid in which jewellery worth Â£10m was stolen.
Wales maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Jamaica's Justin Gatlin won the T44 100m at the European Indoor Championships with a time of 9.98 seconds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene reflects on Ghana's relationship with football.
Senegal are out of the Africa Cup of Nations after losing 1-0 to Ecuador in Jeonju.
A 19-year-old man has been shot in the leg during an armed robbery in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
The French parliament has condemned the appointment of ex-European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso to the post of chief executive of Goldman Sachs.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of this season.
Bolton Wanderers left-back Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The number of people in work in the UK fell by 39,000 in August, according to official figures.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than 50% in the last year, new figures show.
US media mogul Bob Dauman is to step down as chief executive of Warner Bros, replacing him with his daughter Shari Redstone.
Scotland women's players have refused to take part in media duties following a dispute with the Scottish FA.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso with arms, legs and head cut off.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover ended Forest Green Rovers' 100% start to the National League season with a thumping 4-3 win.
A woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of the murder of a mother-of-four over a missing £10,000 cash.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) carried out a series of covert operations in Africa during the 1960s and 1970s.
Dan Biggar and Keelan Giles return to Ospreys' starting line-up for Saturday's European Champions Cup game against Grenoble.
Pupils at a Cambridge school have been asked whether they want to wear gender neutral uniforms.
Northern Ireland's Marc Sharvin shot an eight-under-par 65 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Australian Open.
A red letterbox 'pin' has appeared on a roundabout in Berkshire - but no-one knows where it came from.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and writer Lamine Nkurunziza considers whether African artists are free to tell their own stories.
A potted site in Slievenacloy, County Londonderry, has been described as one of the most important archaeological finds in Northern Ireland.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital following a two-vehicle crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A number of flights have been cancelled in the Republic of Ireland due to severe weather conditions.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the mixed doubles final of the British Badminton Championships in Birmingham.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a two-year deal.
Former Defence Secretary Lord West has said he would not talk to Prime Minister David Cameron unless his constituency happens to be there.
If you've ever wondered what it would be like to own a Star Wars toy, then you've probably heard of Craig Stevens.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland at Cardiff City Stadium on Saturday will be the toughest of his career.
The justice department in the US state of Arizona is changing its policy on recording police interviews of suspects.
An independent review of Scotland's hate crime laws is to be carried out by the High Court judge Lord Bracadale.
An ancient manuscript of the New Testament has been found after it was offered for sale.
Ukraine's interim government has vowed to bring all those involved in last month's referendum in Crimea to justice.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld the disqualification of former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidential race, his lawyer has said.
Derby County head coach Colin Powell says he is "fine" despite being suspended by the club following the suspension of manager Nigel Pearson.
Fleetwood Town have re-signed striker Josh Preston on a one-year contract after he rejected a new deal with the League One club.
A teaching assistant accused of beating his girlfriend to death told her she was "too young" to have a child, a court has heard.
Watford and Aston Villa manager Ian Taylor has been described as one of the greatest managers of all time.
Japan's Nikkei share index closed higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data later in the week.
Police in England and Wales have been given new guidance on domestic abuse.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has announced plans for a "carer's bonus" for people caring for their loved ones in Wales.
Fidel Castro is one of the world's longest-serving communist leaders.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Championship promotion hopefuls Bolton.
If you're a fan of a pop star and you want something to smell good, chances are you'll find it on toast.
Three teenagers arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast have been released on bail.
The UK and France are set to sign a deal aimed at reducing the number of migrants trying to reach the UK through the port of Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Katie Brace will make her professional debut in Glasgow on Saturday.
Poet Dylan Thomas's handwritten notebooks are to go on public display for the first time since they were bought in 2014.
A stage musical based on the novel Adrian Mole by Sue Townsend has opened to the public for the first time.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash in the A4232 tunnel near Cardiff.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Scottish Premiership club by mutual consent.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party for posting anti-Semitic tweets.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has postponed the start of high-level talks with his country's international creditors over the country's bailout.
Police in Chad say they have arrested eight men in connection with the rape of an opposition activist in the capital, Chad.
Plans for a new social housing development on a derelict former railway station site have been recommended by councillors.
The National Association of Secondary School Teachers (NASUWT) is to stage a half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
A Netflix special about the comedian who has been accused of sexual assault has been cancelled.
Jeremy Fernandez was born and raised in Sydney.
A couple have been reunited with a cycling medal and jewellery stolen more than 10 years ago after their home was burgled.
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government is set to introduce sweeping changes to the way people buy and sell land on sporting estates.
Nour Aboumerhi's family fled the so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed former Whitehawk striker Chris Mills.
The German city of Hamburg is set to become the first city to impose a tax on empty commercial properties in response to the influx of asylum seekers.
Warwickshire fast bowler Josh Poysden and all-rounder Alex Mellor have signed new two-year contracts with the county.
A chatbot that asks people if they have paid for parking tickets has become the first in the world to launch in the UK.
Former Home Secretary David Waddington has died at the age of 87.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at a Cardiff hospital in a bid to reduce traffic congestion at the accident and emergency unit.
The BBC has strongly refutes claims it faked footage of an iguana being chased by snakes during an episode of Natural History.
A group set up in memory of Cumbrian explorer John Wainwright has been chosen to help repair falls in the Lake District.
League One promotion hopefuls Millwall came from behind to beat League One strugglers Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of GoPro action cams, has announced plans to cut 1,200 jobs as part of the company's restructuring.
Murderer Ian Brady is still suffering from paranoid schizophrenia, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
An investigation has been launched following the death of a 72-year-old man at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
Scientists at the University of Reading say they have developed a better forecast for the extent of Arctic sea-ice in 2016.
Liberia thrashed Algeria's Kabylie 1-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup quarter-final in Monrovia.
Norbrook, the County Down-based construction firm, has appointed David Nagle as its new chief executive.
Premier League leaders Chelsea suffered their first home defeat of the season as Arsenal produced a superb first-half display at Emirates Stadium.
A group of baby white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers players Jack Kirby, Jack Gumbs and Ryan Duggan have extended their contracts with the club.
Two Police Service of Northern Ireland officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital following a series of assaults in west Belfast.
Abercrombie has been criticised for a "inappropriate" tweet about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
A couple have been left "completely penniless" after their funeral services went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have seized the chief of staff of the country's deputy prime minister, hours before he was due to be released.
Cardiff University scientists say they have developed an agent that blocks the brain's natural response to injury.
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Joe Federici on a two-year deal.
Two men involved in the 1998 Omagh bombing have been found liable for culpable homicide, a High Court judge has ruled.
The head of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure EU scientists that they will be able to continue to work in the UK despite Brexit.
More than half a tonne of toxic smoke could have been inhaled by the Scottish population if smoking had not been banned, according to new research.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League group stage for the first time as they thrashed FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is happy with his side after they came from behind to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
A senior police officer has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis in an effort to tackle anti-social behaviour.
The UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, Home Secretary David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK political parties of "swinging cuts" to the Welsh economy in the wake of a hung parliament.
League Two side Kent have reported a loss for the financial year to the end of March.
Syrian government forces say they are close to capturing the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS).
The US ambassador to the UK has hailed the "special educational relationship" between the UK and the United States, saying it was a "miracle" to see each other in three dimensions.
An 11-year-old girl has won an award for her short story about an old lady reminiscing about her past.
A Russian official has been arrested in Mongolia on suspicion of attacking a Soviet-era rapper who was performing at a concert in the country.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a pothole have launched legal action against a council.
The body of a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week has been found on the Isle of Man.
Spain have become the first nation to qualify for an Olympic Games for the first time with victory over Australia in Rio.
The remains of a World War Two fighter plane have been found at the site of a former RAF base in Oxfordshire.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her first film in Scotland.
Harlequins' European Challenge Cup quarter-final with Stade Francais was postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Substitute Marko Pjaca and striker Dani Alves both scored twice as Serie A leaders Juventus beat Porto at Turin.
Wales lock Luke Ball says he is "excited" to return to the Wales starting line-up for the Six Nations opener against Italy.
A crowdfund campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted causing the death of an elderly man at his home in Leicestershire.
Frankie Raymond's stoppage-time winner earned Dagenham a 1-0 victory over struggling York.
ITV has agreed a new three-year deal for The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
More than 20 people have been injured in clashes at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille after flares were let off by Russian fans.
Iraqi security forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli in the north-east of the country, officials say.
Cryptocurrency start-ups should not be allowed to invest in their own securities, according to US regulators.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party's pledge to scrap tuition fee subsidies.
World number one Laura Bankier made it 10 National titles in a row with victory in the women's doubles at the Badminton World Championships in Glasgow.
Emmanuel Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast eased into the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals with victory over Algeria.
Call of Duty fans have taken to social media to poke fun at what they see as the game's "future fiction".
Researchers at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed fish resistant to sea lice.
On Sunday, millions of North Koreans will go to the polls to elect a new government.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour as he delivered the Budget.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title on the opening day of the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in London.
Chris Martin says he has "no plans" to return to road racing after pulling out of next month's North West 200.
Venezuelan police and the National Guard say they have lifted a curfew imposed in the central city of San Cristobal.
More than 90% of social housing tenants in Scotland have called for the right to buy to be scrapped.
An exhibition showcasing some of Liverpool's best-known architectural designs has opened in Liverpool.
The UK's largest loch, Loch Ness, has been found to be much deeper than previously thought, according to an amateur geologist.
Plans for a new education campus in East Ayrshire have been given the go-ahead by the council.
The parents of a British aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 say they deliberately took a choice to try and make something positive after she was killed.
Four police officers in Hong Kong have been jailed for five years for assaulting a protester during pro-democracy protests.
The family of a six-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight say he has made "amazing" progress.
Gerry Rafferty, one of Northern Ireland's best-known songwriters, has died at the age of 70.
One of the world's most famous aeroplanes, Concorde 216, has taken to the skies for the first time.
Workers at a packaging firm have been told they will lose their jobs as a result of the introduction of the 5p plastic bag charge.
A lesbian couple in Indonesia's Aceh province have been forced to flee the province after the local Sharia police ordered them to be beheaded.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound fraud case against six ex-cabinet ministers.
Michael McKinstry's career as a football coach in Northern Ireland has come to an end.
Scottish hockey forward Adam Forsyth believes hosting the European Under-21 Championship will help boost the sport's popularity in the country.
The Taggart brothers, who lost a long-running legal battle with property developers, have offered to settle their debts.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector rebounded in May from a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed Ivory Coast forward N'Golo Makris on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor John Wallach has died at the age of 95, his family has confirmed.
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta have been named in the main draw for the first time at the US Open.
Israel has warned its citizens in India against travelling to the country because of an imminent terror attack on New Year's Eve celebrations.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen for the first time since the UK voted to leave the European Union in June, according to a survey.
A bomb has exploded at Aleppo citadel in northern Syria, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more, activists say.
Forests in Africa's south-east Amazon region are more resilient to future climate change than previously thought, a study suggests.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murder over the disappearance of a woman in Cambridgeshire have been bailed.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Lauren Howard on a two-year contract.
Nigeria's convicted money launderer James Ibori has been ordered to return to the UK by a High Court judge in February.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after fans received an email claiming to be from the Scottish FA.
Ciara Davies says it is "unbelievable" to become the third Welsh athlete to qualify for the 2017 World Championships in London.
Former Wisden and Yorkshire all-rounder John Appleyard has died at the age of 89.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life told him to "get back in" and "just do it babe", court documents show.
Sam Warburton says the decision to replace Alun Wyn Jones as Wales captain is the "best thing" for him.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man was shot dead in Birmingham.
Pakistan has asked the chief of army staff to spare the life of an Indian naval officer detained in 2016.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the gender pay gap in the skilled trades.
A pilot scheme to train school traffic wardens to spot illegal parking outside schools has been abandoned after three months.
League One strugglers Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce following their relegation from the Championship.
A "web of lies" which led to the death of a 12-year-old boy 12 years ago has been revealed.
Spain's Garbine Muguruza beat former world number one Andrea Schiavone 6-4 7-5 to reach the French Open first round.
One of Jeremy Corbyn's main supporters has accused the Labour leadership contest of failing to verify its supporters as "entryists".
Thousands of people in central Chile have fled their homes after a powerful earthquake struck off the coast of the country.
When Coventry City announced they were moving from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena in 2005, there was a sense of optimism among the club's supporters.
League One side Bury have extended the loan spell of Shrewsbury Town striker Sami Bergsoy until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland's True North and Lacrimosa are among the winners at this year's Dungarvan Music Festival.
When it comes to money, it's easy to see why.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found close to a primary school in north Belfast.
Papers in India and Bhutan say that the border between India and China is tense.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed Newcastle United midfielder Hannah Staniforth and Queens Park Rangers defender Lizzie Sjoman.
On the outskirts of Gaza City, in the heart of the West Bank city of Hebron, is a large block of flats built by the Palestinian militant group Hamas.
Rail timetables for CrossCountry services between Edinburgh and Glasgow have been put on hold for the rest of the year.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate their maritime stand-off in the South China Sea.
More than 100 of the world's most senior cardinals have arrived in Rome for the first pre-conclave of the Catholic Church.
Elena and her husband, Anatoly and Vladimir, are struggling to pay off their debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China's economy to strengthen its currency, the yuan, in its latest economic outlook for the region.
Three people have been rescued after their boat capsized in the River Forth.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom is considering splitting off BT's Openreach division in a bid to make it more competitive in the broadband market.
A court in Niger has opened a criminal investigation into alleged corruption in the uranium industry.
The Western Cape province of South Africa has been hit by one of the worst winter storms in 30 years.
At least nine people have been injured after a freight train derailed in the US state of Tennessee, officials say.
Paralympic archery champion Jade Brown has ruled herself out of this year's Rio Paralympics.
An inquest into the death of a rugby player who was hit by a Porsche while trying to overtake a rival car has been opened and adjourned.
A man has been arrested in Australia on suspicion of destroying a house with a stolen bulldozer.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in second practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton suffered two problems.
Cardiff Blues maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought bonus-point win over Pau.
Families affected by the baby ashes scandal in Shropshire have launched a legal challenge against the council-owned crematorium.
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to the European Council to formally notify them of the United Kingdom's intention to leave the European Union.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is one of the biggest employers in Northern Ireland.
French customs officials have blocked an attempt to export a 17th Century oil painting from Spain to Switzerland.
MPs have called for a review of the contents of a package sent to Sir Bradley Wiggins' Team Sky doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for the "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified" murder of a Glasgow shopkeeper.
There are two things you need to know if you want to know about the referendum on the future of the European Union.
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says the club's Grand Final win was a fitting send-off for three of his players.
Somerset and New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes by junior doctors in England have ended without agreement.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have set up a hotline in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The Sydney Sixers beat Melbourne Heat by seven wickets in the One-Day Cup final to set up a semi-final against Scorchers.
Barca extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with victory over Levante.
There is no record of any damage or abnormality in the train that derailed near the Spanish city of Madrid last month, the transport regulator Renfe has said.
The funeral of a teenager killed in the Manchester terror attack has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a half-century as Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by eight wickets in the Women's Big Bash League.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Alexandros Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Markets in Asia were mixed on Thursday after US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the world's second-largest economy could be in recession.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues.
A sinkhole has opened up in the road between two quarries, leading to the removal of a lorry.
When Jolyon Lauda won the 1976 Formula 1 World Championship at Brands Hatch, it was the first time the sport had not been broadcast on television in the UK.
A 25-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup for the first time this season.
Dog owners have been warned to avoid a cricket pitch after two dogs were taken ill.
Wales head coach Huw Jenkins says the reaction to Friday's Six Nations win over France is " baffling".
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Ninbych.
Researchers have built fingerprint sensors that could be used to authenticate electronic devices.
Drugs including benzodiazepines have been stolen during a burglary at an Aberdeen pharmacy.
On the third day of the second Test against South Africa at The Oval, England took a huge stride towards winning the series.
Olympic 10,000m silver medallist Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the response to her victory at the Commonwealth Games.
It is a quiet retreat in the foothills of the Poconos mountains in the US state of Pennsylvania.
A court in India has ordered the arrest of two men accused of the 2008 murder of a schoolgirl on a beach nine years ago.
If you wanted to know what's going on at Dundee United then go to the bar.
Police in the US state of Ohio have charged a woman and a man with raping a cab driver.
The family of a County Londonderry teacher who died after falling down a flight of stairs has paid tribute to him.
An artist who travelled thousands of miles in a boat to capture images of Scotland's coastline is exhibiting his work.
Fernando Lopez kicked a late penalty as Scotland came from behind to beat France in the Six Nations opener at Stade de France.
Bus drivers in Dorset are going on strike in a row over pay.
Workers at Michelin's Ballymena plant in County Antrim have been given time off after the company announced plans to close the plant.
The United Nations, Red Cross and other major donor countries are failing to contribute enough money to the Syrian civil war, charity Oxfam has said.
Oscar-nominated films Mr Robot and Mozart in the Jungle were among the winners at this year's Golden Globe awards.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has been described as the "steamroller of a team".
An EasyJet dog has become one of the most travelled animals in the UK.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
The BBC's Reality Check team answers your questions about the UK's membership of the European Union.
Swansea University's School of Management has been accused of a culture of "bullying and intimidation" against its teaching staff.
Wasps flanker N Hughes has been included in England's pre-season training camp ahead of the autumn internationals.
Derbyshire fast bowlers Liam Cotton and Adam Taylor have signed new one-year contracts with the County Championship club.
Vigils have been held across the UK for the family of South African woman Shrienne Dewani, who was shot dead in 2015.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in the Republic of Ireland for an undisclosed sum.
One of the UK's biggest payday lenders has agreed to pay out a total of £700,000 in compensation to customers who may have suffered from debt collection problems.
US singer Patti Collins says she has made "tremendous progress" since being found unconscious in her Los Angeles home more than three years ago.
Plans to introduce a 20mph speed limit in parts of Edinburgh city centre have been given the go-ahead.
More than 600,000 people missed hospital appointments in Scotland last year, according to new figures.
The chief executive of Royal Mail, Carolyn McCall, has been named as the company's new chief executive.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months time, it has been claimed.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£55m) to settle claims that asylum seekers were unlawfully detained in Papua New Guinea.
An ex-education department boss who sexually abused senior staff has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a victim of abuse.
Plans have been unveiled to demolish one of the world's tallest buildings in Southampton and build a new city centre marina.
Josh Taylor says he has learned to deal with a "nasty cut" as he defended his WBA super-lightweight title with a stoppage of Martin Joubert in Glasgow.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has loosened the rules governing abortion in the Catholic Church, allowing priests to forgive those who seek forgiveness.
A Nepalese police inquiry has been launched into a couple's claim that they had successfully climbed Mount Everest.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Burnley.
An 85-year-old woman has been killed in a house fire in Stirling.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported better-than-expected profits for the fourth quarter of its financial year.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" his Porsche team are in a strong position to win the Formula 1 World Championship.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's response to the Syrian refugee crisis.
Plans have been unveiled for a new specialist cancer unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Gwynedd.
Brighton extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Bristol City.
Patients are being urged to "bear with them" as A&E and ward closures have been announced by the Denbighshire health board.
Barclays has agreed to pay $2.5bn (£1.6bn) to settle allegations that some of its dealers rigged benchmark interest rates.
Two young rugby players from Northern Ireland have been able to play without goggles for the first time.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup finals.
Crewe Alexandra head coach David Davis says he is delighted to sign six more first-year scholar players.
Exeter Chiefs clinched the Premiership title for the first time in their history with a last-gasp victory over Saracens.
NHS staff in England are being asked to verify they are not robots in order to prevent a cyber-attack.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "devastated" by the amount of rubbish police have been searching for him.
Plans to offer free childcare to all parents in Wales could cost more than £200m a year, an economist has warned.
Carpool Karaoke star James Corden has appeared alongside First Lady Michelle Obama for the first time.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened.
Wigan Warriors head coach Steve Smith says his side will take confidence into next week's Challenge Cup semi-final against Warrington Wolves.
England's Chris Woakes, James Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers of the Year 2016.
Five people have been taken to hospital following a three-vehicle crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested following the death of a 33-year-old woman who was hit by a car in County Down.
New Zealand international Ryan Draper scored a hat-trick as Newport County beat Scottish League Two leaders Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
There will be "tough decisions" to be made in the first year of the Welsh Government, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
An ex-football coach has been arrested on suspicion of indecency with children, police have said.
Some of Scotland's leading public figures are to be recognised in the New Year Honours list.
A third of nurses working in adult social care in England are leaving their jobs, the Care Quality Commission has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to drink-driving charges after she was found to be over the legal alcohol limit.
Scientists say they have identified a genetic mutation that may have helped humans expand their brains.
Tottenham have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee.
An NHS trust has removed a pizza shop from its list of approved suppliers after the phrase "mental ill health" appeared on delivery instructions.
A further £4.2m is to be spent on repairing the damage caused by winter storms on the Welsh coast.
Five women have been shortlisted for the 2015 BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super 8s with a hard-fought victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
U2 celebrated their 30th anniversary in Dublin on Sunday night with an epic night of rock 'n' roll at Croke Park.
Wales began their World Cup qualifying campaign with an emphatic victory over Moldova at Cardiff City Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran have arrested 13 people in connection with a video featuring US singer Michelle Williams singing the song "Happy we are from Tehran".
The body of a Polish woman whose remains were found in the garden of her ex-husband's house was "chopped up", a court has heard.
The government's attempt to bring down air pollution in the UK "fell into error", the High Court has ruled.
As the BBC's Proms draws to a close, BBC music director Sarah Alsop talks to the BBC about her "emotional and moving" experience.
An Afghan woman who was sexually abused by her father in the 1980s and 1990s has taken the unusual step of giving DNA samples to a US court for the first time.
A pilot whose camera was pushed into the cockpit of an RAF aircraft has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has launched its latest propaganda channel via the encrypted messaging app Telegram.
Iraq's parliament has passed a sweeping reform package aimed at overhauling the country's political system.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations play-off in Dar es Salaam.
Great Britain's Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Olympic gold in the women's four in Rio.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in central London have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City need to find a striker who can put the ball in the net in January, according to the club's director of football Andrew Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted overwhelmingly in favour of allowing abortions.
Munster have been cleared by the European Professional Footballers' Association (EPCR) of breaching concussion management rules in their defeat by Glasgow Warriors.
Iraqi security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad.
A woman with learning disabilities has won the right to have her six children sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
Plans to restore a Grade I-listed stately home to its former glory have been announced by the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the Criterium du Dauphine with victory in the second stage.
Hundreds of firefighters have tackled a huge blaze at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Four men have been arrested by the North East Counter Terrorism Unit on suspicion of terrorism offences in Italy.
The Middle East kingdom of Jordan is one of the world's most stable democracies and has a long tradition of stability.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered the evacuation of several UN agencies and non-governmental organisations in the rebel-held region of Luhansk, the UN humanitarian chief has said.
The Indian cricket team will compete in this year's Champions Trophy in India.
Plans to reintroduce flood forests to upland areas of the UK have been backed by Lord Rooker, the Conservative peer who chairs the Commons Environment Committee.
The Santee Sioux Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has abandoned plans to open a lounge selling marijuana on its land.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the Tees Valley.
A Russian prosecutor says a bronze bust of the late tsar Nicholas II has been found to contain holy secretion.
President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to join the US Supreme Court.
Cyber security expert Lizzie Howe has told the BBC that she had no idea she was going to become a venture capitalist.
Pictures showing the past of one of Nottingham's most famous railway stations have gone on display for the first time.
Mainland Chinese shares fell on Monday after a closely watched survey showed that manufacturing shrank for the third month in a row in October.
Three policemen have been injured in an attempted robbery at a jewellers in south-east London.
Leverkusen head coach Joe Schmidt has been banned from all football-related activity by the Bundesliga club following his red card against Hoffenheim.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party (FPOe) has swept to the top of the presidential election, while France's right-wing National Front (FN) has lost its parliamentary majority.
The Green Party of Orkney and Shetland has gained its first councillor in the local elections.
The motorcyclist Damian Piotrowski has died after being involved in a three-vehicle crash in Dumfries and Galloway.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what's happened in Scotland.
A County Londonderry man has said he is "devastated" after a postcard he received 29 years ago was lost in a sorting machine.
The Duke of Rothesay has paid tribute to those "lost in battle" during World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Kangaroos prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer says it has agreed to buy a US rival for a range of eczema treatments.
A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped in the Philippines last year has been decapitated, officials say.
Madonna has released her first official music video.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a philanderer.
Cornwall has voted to remain a member of the European Union with an extra £400m of funding coming into the county.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in South Lanarkshire.
It has been an extraordinary night for the Scottish Conservatives.
China's Ding Junhui fought back from 5-4 down to beat compatriot Esteban Figueiredo 6-4 in the final of the World Championship at the Crucible.
Calls have been made for the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to improve the way it deals with crime victims.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Warsaw Open with a 6-4 6-2 victory over China's Zheng Saisai.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of one of the worst air accidents in World War Two.
The Cassini space probe is heading back to the International Space Station (ISS).
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties and street parties across the Isle of Man.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged in connection with a bomb threat at an academy.
National League side Macclesfield Town have re-signed midfielder Josh Marsh on loan from Dover Athletic until the end of the season.
It has been an eventful season for both Chelsea and Manchester United in the Premier League.
Irish students Niccolai Donohoe, Eoghan Schuster and Simon Culligan have died in a balcony collapse in the United States.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because some of the questions were leaked online.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the party's historic Clause IV if he wins the leadership.
Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are playing "the old Swansea again".
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" in their handling of allegations of child sex abuse.
Britain's Paul Smith has been knocked out of the WBA super-middleweight title in the final round by Germany's Alexander Zeuge.
Oscar-winning actor Ben Broadbent is to play one of the men who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery in the 1970s.
The US says it will drop charges against Indian consul Anil Khobragade, who was strip-searched in New York last week.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has been named as a finalist for the Martin Ennals Award.
Politicians in the north-east of England are calling for more investment in regional transport in the wake of the Brexit vote.
British number two Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Czech qualifier Tomas Berdych.
Voting has begun in council and mayoral elections in Merseyside.
The body of a 15-year-old boy has been recovered from the River Ericht in North Lanarkshire.
The mayor of Chalon sur Saone in north-eastern France has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals.
Mayo came from behind to beat Dublin 0-19 to 1-14 in the All-Ireland Football semi-final at Croke Park.
The first group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
A Belarusian official has been banned from competing at the Rio Paralympics after displaying a Russian flag during the opening ceremony.
A drunk driver has been jailed for causing the death of an 11-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Former road race champion David Miller is to return to British Cycling after serving a four-year doping ban.
Residents have said they are "very angry" that their homes are still in danger of being destroyed by a huge fire.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including supporting a proscribed organisation.
Scientists are at the centre of a long-running debate about whether a new technique to transmit data across the electromagnetic spectrum can work.
An inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan has highlighted the need for more support for women with mental health problems during pregnancy and after birth.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
Community energy projects in Wales have been hit hard by an increase in business rates.
Brighton midfielder Kieran Stephens has had his appeal against his red card rejected by the Football Association.
France's centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is expected to make an impassioned defence of his campaign on Monday.
More than half of UK workers have been absent from work when they are ill, according to a survey.
Residents at a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding on the building failed new fire safety tests.
An Australian doctor has been arrested on suspicion of falsifying his credentials to become an Australian citizen.
US President Barack Obama says it is "hard to envision how that happens" based on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's pre-election statements that a Palestinian state would not occur while he was prime minister.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl at a care home.
Prime Minister David Cameron has outlined his government's strategy for tackling extremism in the UK.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has told Prime Minister Theresa May that a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could be "politically lethal".
Universities in England are to be forced to offer better contracts for their students, Finance Secretary Boris Johnson is to announce.
One of the world's largest Tyrannosaurids has been sold at auction in the US for the first time.
Wycombe goalkeeper Marcus Blackman produced a stunning last-minute save to rescue a point against Blackpool.
The number of people needing mental health treatment in Wales has more than doubled in six years, figures have shown.
A cabinet containing defibrillators has been stolen from a village hall.
Motorists are more likely to hit a pothole in the past two years than ever before, according to the AA.
The introduction of a 20mph speed limit in Greater Manchester has led to a review of road safety, the BBC has learned.
St Johnstone have extended the loan spell of Steven Craig until the end of the season, subject to international clearance.
Labour can "beat the Tories by itself", Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered for information after the ear of a greyhound was found dumped behind a water tank in Lancashire.
The trial of a German neo-Nazi leader accused of carrying out mass killings in East Germany has begun in Munich.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said Univision will not air the Miss Universe pageant in the United States.
Oscar-winning actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for remarks he made during his acceptance speech at the Golden Globes.
Debenhams has opened its first store in Newport as part of a multi-million pound redevelopment of the city centre.
The head of India's central bank has told the BBC he is concerned about the "immense burden" on the country's central banks.
The three main political parties in the UK say they are going to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Rescue workers in Italy say they are facing a "race against time" as they continue to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake.
A minute's silence is to be held to remember those who lost their lives in the Shoreham air disaster in West Sussex.
A police and crime commissioner has raised concerns about moving his office from Exeter to the Middlemoor complex, the BBC has learned.
The Australian government has announced an emergency loan package aimed at helping drought-stricken farmers.
A grand jury in the US state of South Carolina has ruled that Sandra Bland was unlawfully detained.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal.
Defending champion Michael Ding became the first British player to reach the quarter-finals of the Shanghai Masters with a 4-3 victory.
Worcestershire director of cricket Martin Benkenstein is hopeful fast bowler David Berg will be fit for the start of the County Championship season.
The partner of a man allegedly killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt as if she was in a washing machine.
Mae'r esgobion yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf wedi dilyn ymddeoliad yn Sir Gâr, yn ôl ei hethol gan aelodau ym mis Tachwedd.
Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox is set to leave the League One club at the end of the season after their relegation from the National League.
Cocoa giant Cadbury says it is changing its approach to sourcing raw materials in a bid to protect the Fairtrade certification system.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the US National Critics Book Prize for Fiction.
A Dundee man has been fined after a Rangers fan was hit on the head with a football ball during a pre-season friendly.
The US has stepped up security for next week's Super Bowl in the Bay Area, amid heightened security following recent terror attacks in Paris.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he was rushed to hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest, according to the team's consultant cardiologist Dr David Tobin.
An inquest has been opened into the death of an 81-year-old man in Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace on the first day of pre-season testing at the Australian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential artist for the first time.
Oil giant Shell has said it is "disrespectful" after a group of men posted videos of themselves kissing a cardboard cutout of a female employee.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
"Growing up in the 1970s and 80s, vegetable oil was not something you would find anywhere else in the world," says Prof Richard Benton.
Worcestershire had to settle for a draw with Kent on the third day of their Division Two match at Edgbaston.
North Korea says it has successfully test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile for the first time, according to state media.
The number of people being conned out of their pension savings has more than doubled in the last two years, according to consumer group Which? Money.
A Belfast man is seeking to review a senior prosecutor's decision not to refer two brothers to the High Court for breaching their assisting offender agreements.
Young people are being warned about the dangers of using cosmetic contact lenses in the run-up to Christmas.
A worker at a Byron restaurant in south London has described how immigration officials arrested him and deported him.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town left-back Josh Cole for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Game of Thrones star Arya Christie is to star in the next series of Top of the Lake.
Finance software firm First Derivatives has reported a pre-tax profit of more than £100m for the first three months of the year.
A burglar who carried out a string of break-ins in Manchester has been banned from entering the streets.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has told the BBC that a UK exit from the European Union would have "a direct and significant impact on Ireland and the Irish people".
The Home Office is to carry out a "strategic review" of undercover policing in Scotland.
Lazio have been given a two-match supporters' ban by European football's governing body.
A judge in San Bernardino, California, has ruled that the US government cannot force Apple to unlock the iPhone of one of its victims.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in the US city of Chicago due to be held on Saturday.
Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb says he is "back up and running" as he continues his recovery from injury.
An eight-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A locomotive which transported Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral in Oxfordshire has been restored.
More than 3,000 nude models are to go on display at Hull's Ferens Art Gallery.
Historic recordings made by Oliver Cromwell and Minnie Wall have been restored to their former glory at the Museum of London.
UKIP has accused the BBC of making a false statement about UKIP leader Nigel Farage on its Have I Got News for You programme.
An octopus-inspired robotic arm has been developed by Italian researchers.
One of the world's most famous locomotives has made its first journey across Yorkshire.
A woman has been charged after trouble broke out in a theatre during Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games.
BBC Wales has learned staff at a north Wales radio station are to move to a new studio in Carmarthenshire.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies in the waters around the Falkland Islands.
One of the world's most famous aircraft - the F/A-18 Hornet - has taken to the skies for the last time.
The UK is likely to have to pay at least £500m in the event of a UK exit from the European Union, according to a new report.
An app that allows users to identify people online has been launched in the US.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama beat Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy by one shot to win the Shanghai Masters.
A search is under way for a kayaker believed to be missing off the west coast of Ireland.
Facebook has unveiled a range of new features for its Messenger messaging app, called Messenger for Business.
It's that time of year again when the world's two biggest economies - India and the UK - meet for the first time.
The US is sending up to 1,000 special forces troops to Iraq to fight so-called Islamic State, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of several prominent pro-democracy and human rights organisations.
At the Natural History Museum in Knoxville, Tennessee, you're greeted by the smell of rotting dog food.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital with head injuries after falling on a beach in Porthcawl.
The father of one Direction fan, Michael Green, said he was "gutted and a little bit sick" when he was told his daughters were to miss the band's Little Mix concert in Belfast.
Work is under way on a new centre dedicated to the Battle of the Somme centenary commemorations.
Sam Owens scored a hat-trick as Widnes beat Warrington to keep alive their slim Super League play-off hopes.
The South African capital, Pretoria, is home to some of the world's most spectacular scenery.
League One side Chesterfield have re-signed defender N'Golo Nkurunziza for an undisclosed fee following his release by Chesterfield.
(Close): The Nasdaq fell sharply in early trade on Wednesday, dragged down by a sharp fall in shares in Kraft Foods.
Sri Lankan embassy officials in Saudi Arabia say they have not been able to send home hundreds of Sri Lankan domestic workers who say they were tortured, beaten and forced to work without pay.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama in a landmark challenge to his signature healthcare law.
A former member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been jailed for seven years for a string of firearms offences dating back to 1974.
Hundreds of thousands of Coptic Christians have gathered in Cairo for the funeral of Pope John Shenouda.
A man's body has been found on a road in Lancashire.
A photograph of Jeremy Corbyn clutching a banana on the eve of Labour's party conference in Bournemouth has gone viral.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says teenage striker Marcus Rashford will have to adjust to the pressure of Euro 2016.
MPs have voted to hold an immediate review of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill, despite calls for it to be scrapped.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been temporarily shut following a fire at the University of Dundee.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat 10-man Leyton Orient.
The number of heroin users in Wrexham has risen by 50% in the last five years, according to figures obtained by BBC Wales.
Tanzania's main opposition leader has called for calm after violence marred Sunday's elections in the remote archipelago of Unguja and Pemba.
More than 5,000 new jobs have been created in Wales as the UK prepares to leave the European Union.
A UN fact-finding mission has concluded that "a large number" of people died in a chemical weapons attack in northern Syria last month.
Yemen's al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) militant group says it has killed more than 100 soldiers.
The family of an Anzac soldier killed in the Gallipoli campaign have spoken of their relief after his suitbag was stolen from a train.
Paralympic gold medallist David Weir says he has "just retired from track racing".
More than 76 jobs could go at Shrewsbury College, it has been announced.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating allegations of exam malpractice.
Ed Sheeran has played in front of an estimated 1,000,000 people at Glastonbury Festival.
The Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone has led to the death of more than 100 people since the civil war began in 1991, according to the charity Lifeline Nehemiah.
Former deputy prime minister Sir Eric Pickles is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar following Theresa May's snap general election.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to seven points with a comfortable win over Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo is set to leave the club at the end of the season.
Technology companies are about to launch some of the world's biggest health gadgets.
Pope Francis has accepted a miracle attributed to the late Mother Teresa - the first step towards being beatified as a saint.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on a beach in County Londonderry.
The value of VW-badged cars sold in the UK has fallen sharply since the diesel emissions scandal came to light last year, according to new research.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "pretty sympathetic" to Apple's stance on encryption in the wake of the San Bernardino shooting.
Human remains have been found in the search for the missing AirAsia flight QZ8501 in the Java Sea, Indonesian officials say.
Beauly will face Kilmallie in the Camanachd Cup semi-finals after a 2-2 draw away to Kinlochshiel.
Belgian police say they have foiled an attack by suspected Islamist militants in the town of Verviers.
Night-vision goggles are to be used in Staffordshire to catch dog owners who leave their pets unattended.
A squirrel managed to turn on the Caffrey's tap at a railway station while drunk, a club secretary has said.
Scottish Labour is to call on the Scottish government to reveal whether it is investigating allegations that Police Scotland spied on MSPs.
A man who spent 22 years on death row in the US state of Michigan has been found not guilty of attempted murder and sentenced to life in prison.
More than 200 traders have been fined for failing to properly dispose of their waste, according to the City of Edinburgh.
The families of two prisoners who died from self-inflicted injuries at a prison have launched a judicial review into their case.
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said he does not think the public would let the RAF lose the Red Arrows.
A peer who has been dying for several weeks says he is "only too conscious" that the laws of this country make it impossible for people like him to be helped on their way to die.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli was subjected to monkey noises during his side's 1-1 draw with Bologna on Friday, according to his team-mate Fabrice Plea.
More than half of Virgin Trains union members have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over staffing.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with ankle ligament damage.
There was a lot of speculation on social media about who should fill Chris Evans's vacant post on Top Gear.
Bumblebees in the European Union are among the most likely pollinators to be affected by pesticide use, a study suggests.
The body of North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un has been returned to Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has ended a campaign against the selection of Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital after it was blown up by an explosion off the west coast of Scotland.
An asylum seeker has been found guilty of racially aggravated behaviour at an anti-refugee rally.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool have been backed by the city's mayor.
A radio station in Nigeria's restive south-eastern state of Biafra has been shut down by the authorities, the BBC has learned.
A homeless man has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Boeing has developed a high powered laser device that can be used as a weapon.
Four people have been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of Adam Appleton in north London.
Crusaders aim to extend their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership as they take on Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John says he has been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease as a result of playing football.
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
A new portrait of Mozart has been commissioned by the world's leading classical music orchestra.
A new 'Boris bikes' scheme has been launched in London.
India beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the second Test in Galle to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
US golf's governing body has pulled out of hosting a major tournament in Mexico because of Donald Trump's political stance.
The Scottish government and the Scotch Whisky Association (SWA) have been embroiled in a legal battle over minimum pricing for alcohol.
Status Quo have paid tribute to Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 67.
Car insurance premiums in England and Wales will rise by an average of 20% over the summer, according to the Association of British Insurers.
It has been another busy day in the English Football League.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he was "never a lover of pre-season" as the League Cup group stage gets under way.
The dean of the University of Edinburgh has called on the Scottish government to withdraw controversial amendments to a bill aimed at reforming the way universities are governed.
Cardiff City midfielder Peter Whittingham is in talks with his agent over a new contract.
An offshore drilling rig is expected to arrive at Beatrice oil field in Caithness later.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he does not feel under pressure as he prepares for the World Championship quarter-finals.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating alleged financial irregularities.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Kelly has been charged by the Football Association with improper conduct.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel O'Neill on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture honouring musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the theft of two mobile phones belonging to Metallica.
A 61-year-old woman has died after being hit by a tram in Suffolk.
Oisin O'Donnell has described his shock at being voted off Strictly Come Dancing as "ridiculous".
One of the world's most famous 'psychic' octopuses is preparing to take part in the Women's World Cup.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with head coach David Lynch after less than three months in charge of the National League strugglers.
A Cub Scout has become the first person from the UK to win a title at the International Blind and visually impaired Games.
The driver of a car was caught on CCTV with a sofa in the boot.
Boeing and Airbus have announced the world's first unmanned fighter aircraft at the Paris Air Show.
Do you live in one of London's most exclusive areas?
The US has accused the Trump administration of "corporating anti-Israel bias" at the UN Human Rights Council.
The Church of England is to divest its investment portfolio from the most polluting forms of energy for the first time.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" for the Premier League's bottom three.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League for the first time in their history by Olympiakos in a pulsating Europa League quarter-final at Old Trafford.
The US says it expects Pakistan to treat an attack on an air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir "just the way they've said they would".
A Pakistani woman who says she was forced into marriage by her Indian husband has arrived in the Indian capital, Delhi.
Four Liberal Democrat MPs have lost their seats in Scotland's general election.
Madagascar's MPs have voted in favour of President Andry Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook scored a career-best 263 to help his side take control of the second Test against Pakistan.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to stage two days of strike action in a dispute over pay.
A British drone strike on a group of so-called Islamic State (IS) fighters in Syria has raised a number of questions.
The world's biggest bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
Police are investigating the discovery of a suspected firearm in north Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced five teenage boys to life in prison for raping and murdering an 11-year-old girl in April.
Mexican Attorney General Gustavo Galindo has resigned amid allegations that police used excessive force during a raid on suspected criminals.
Airlines and travel agents have been warned of flaws in their computer systems that could allow attackers to steal travellers' details.
Almost two-thirds of police officers in England and Wales believe morale in the force has fallen since reforms were introduced in 2013, a BBC survey has found.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils at Elland Road.
Plans to keep pedestrians on Oxford's main road until the new shopping centre opens next year have been approved.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) will take "appropriate steps" to ensure the safety of players and staff during their tour of Bangladesh.
Two senior council leaders have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" there will be need to be changes to the UK's membership of the European Union.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers in the National League on Thursday.
A giant corm at the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh has produced a flower for the first time.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says there is "no danger" of his rematch with Wladimir Klitschko taking place in Manchester in October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men who were found stabbed to death near Peterborough.
The world's first unmanned aircraft, Brainflight, has been developed.
Work on the site where four people died in a power station collapse is continuing, RWE NPower has said.
Indonesia's governing Democratic Party (PDI-P) has won parliamentary elections for the first time, according to preliminary results.
Aberdeen-based Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a fresh bid to take over rival brewer SABMiller.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) is to invest £250m over the next 10 years to improve access to tennis courts in Britain.
The South West of England is to receive the largest share of a government fund aimed at tackling the housing affordability gap.
An artificial intelligence (AI) competition is being held in the US to see if it can beat human players.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a businessman in County Antrim.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group says it has carried out a "major offensive" on government-held areas in the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour.
A French-Vietnamese blogger has been sentenced to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Revenues from the music industry rose by more than 10% last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Ride-hailing firm Uber has agreed to settle a series of safety-related lawsuits against the firm.
A lion has escaped from the Karoo National Park in South Africa.
Poet Laureate Philip Larkin is to be memorialised in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, it has been announced.
A man has been jailed for a "billion times more likely" to be responsible for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's president has reshuffled the cabinet in an attempt to consolidate power and control over the country.
The Russian space agency says it has lost contact with the International Space Station (ISS) for the second time in as many days.
At a makeshift refugee camp on Lebanon's border with Syria, children are playing with crayon drawings.
Two Irish people have died after their yacht capsized off the Western Cape coast.
A number of homes in Great Yarmouth have been flooded following torrential rain, fire crews have said.
The death of a cat whose body was found under a car in Glasgow was caused by antifreeze, the Scottish SPCA has said.
The Chicago Owlz baseball team has apologised for "misconstrued" promotions that included "Wonder Bread on burgers with mayonnaise" and a vertical leaping challenge.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a woman from Milton Keynes.
A look back at some of the most memorable moments from the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a two-car crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City won the Premier League for the first time in their history last season.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season against Somerset.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was "wrong".
A lifeboat crew who rescued a group of brides stranded on a river had a "no-fuss and low-key day", the RNLI has said.
Hollywood actor Bradley Lowery is to return to the role of Doctor Who, replacing Paul Hartnell.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government not fund a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released an image of two men they want to speak to in connection with the torture of a man and a woman during a break-in at their Kent home.
Work is under way on Anglesey's historic market hall.
Prime Minister Theresa May has proposed changes to stop and search powers in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Michael Haveron has urged his Glentoran players to show passion and pride in Saturday's Irish Premiership derby against Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Plans to close consultant-led maternity and gynaecology services at a Denbighshire hospital have been approved by the health board.
Dumfries and Galloway manager Neil McCann has blamed a lacklustre attitude for his side's defeat by Dundee United.
Slovakia, the former Soviet republic of Czechoslovakia, is one of the smallest countries in the European Union.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough has confirmed that ex-Derby County defender Chris Barker is close to rejoining the Championship club.
Plans for a new bowling pavilion in Northamptonshire have been unveiled.
England secured their place at next summer's Euro 2017 with a 2-0 victory over Belgium in their Euro 2017 qualifier in Leuven.
Google's Titan Aerospace, the company that has been developing high-altitude internet-connected drones, has shut down.
An 18-year-old man who escaped from a Manchester hospital after jumping from a second-floor window has been named by police.
Dr Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died at the age of 95.
Great Britain won the World Superbantamweight Championship for the first time with a unanimous points victory over Cuba.
Oldham Roughyeds reached the Challenge Cup sixth round for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Hull KR.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has announced plans to turn the city's controversial Evin prison into a park.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
The chief constable of Greater Manchester's Police Service (CPS) has said he regrets a decision to drop a rape case against a 15-year-old girl in Rochdale.
It is not every day that young footballers suffer a cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra both lost listeners in the last three months of 2016, according to new figures.
A festival celebrating the life and work of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is to be held in Dumfries and Galloway.
Schalke have agreed a deal to appoint Marco Tedesco as first-team coach for the 2016-17 Bundesliga season.
Celtic have been charged by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Europa League game in Turkey.
A towpath has been closed at an Aqueduct in Denbighshire to allow repairs to be carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has issued new rules to tackle fan disorder in its stadiums.
India's Maoist rebels began their insurgency more than 50 years ago when they seized control of a remote village in the north-east of the country.
Scientists have traced the lineage of hundreds of thousands of cells, using a molecular tape recorder.
Katie Storey became Britain's first female Paralympic gold medallist with victory in the women's road race at the World Para-athletics Championships.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for seven years for accepting a bribe.
The Queen's Speech has unveiled a raft of measures aimed at strengthening the UK's economy and extending life chances for all.
Australian police are continuing to search for a saltwater crocodile after a boy was mauled to death by the reptile.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from the "massive blow" of losing 1-0 to Switzerland in their Euro 2016 opener on Monday.
A new mobile phone app has been launched in the wake of the recent spate of suicides in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
Two men from County Antrim have been given suspended prison sentences for dumping tyres on the shores of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by nine wickets in the first Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made its fourth landfall in the Philippines in less than 24 hours.
Londonderry fast bowler David Rankin is to return to international cricket for the first time in two years.
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid at the end of February 2016, it was a turning point in his managerial career.
Cricket England and the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) have announced a series of changes over the next two seasons.
The owners of a Grade II-listed building which was hit by a car have said it will cost them a "five-figure sum" to repair it.
The French overseas department of Reunion, located in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Mauritius, is one of the poorest in the world.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia "where we can find areas of practical co-operation that will benefit the American people".
England's Justin Rose is two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Alan Stubbs says he was "on the radar months ago" when he left Hibernian to take charge of Rotherham United.
The collapse of Mosul Dam in northern Iraq could threaten the lives of tens of thousands of people, according to one of its residents.
Former West Ham manager Sir Dave Gold has been caught up in an online hoax.
Hundreds of Christmas trimmings including turkeys, ducks and chickens have been stolen during a break-in at a family butcher's shop.
Victoria Azarenka won her first match since giving birth to her first child at a tournament in Spain.
Leeds Rhinos have confirmed that the damage caused by last month's floods could cost them more than £1m.
The bodies of six teenagers have been found in a wood-burning hut near the German town of Wuerzburg.
Corruption is driving the rise of so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says it is "exciting" to see the Formula 1 season between Mercedes and Ferrari close.
Scientists say they have made the first direct evidence that Jupiter's gas giants are heating up.
Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership by the Rugby Football League.
Leicestershire Riders are looking to continue their winning start to the Women's British Basketball League season.
Kilmarnock moved to the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest percentage of obese adults in Europe, according to a new report.
Police in Paris have shot dead two teenagers who were in a car which tried to crash into barriers during the Tour de France.
UK retail sales rose at their fastest pace for three months in November, as shoppers took advantage of Black Friday discounts.
A filly has been disqualified from this year's Cheltenham Gold Cup after being found to be the wrong horse.
The UK's future relationship with the European Union could depend on public opinion, former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said.
At least eight people have died in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
More than 50,000 French prisoners were killed by the Nazis during World War Two, the president of France has said.
A student has been given a $12 (Â£8) bounty for spotting a "bug bounty" in Google's website-buying system.
A barrister has been commissioned by the Home Office to go through 10,000 police documents relating to the 1984 Battle of Orgreave.
Adam Johnson scored twice as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Motherwell.
One of the world's richest men, Charles Feeney, has died.
A Conservative MP from Stoke-on-Trent who left his wife to become an MP for Morley and Outwood has been reselected.
Employers in the southern Indian cities of Chennai and Bangalore have declared a three-day holiday ahead of the release of superstar Rajinikanth's film Kabali.
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has been found dead at a brothel in the US state of Nevada.
On the one hand, it was an extraordinary day for the EU.
Bradley Wiggins has defended his use of banned performance-enhancing drugs before major races.
More than 1,600 spiderlings have been reared at a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a conservation project.
Myanmar's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) has nominated two candidates for vice-presidents after Aung San Suu Kyi lost last year's presidential election.
A 15-year-old girl from the US is trying to teach a computer program how to diagnose breast cancer.
Sudan and South Sudan are engaged in an online battle for control of the border town of Heglig, in the north-east of the country.
Plans for more than 1,000 new homes in an Aberdeenshire village have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The number of people in work in the UK has risen to its highest level since records began, David Cameron has said.
The John Moores Painting Prize has been won for the second time in a row, with the winner being Peter Simpson.
Police in Nigeria's Lagos state have filed a law suit against one of the country's most wanted kidnappers.
Huddersfield striker David Paterson says Northern Ireland are "miles away" from qualifying for the 2018 World Cup after their 2-0 defeat by Azerbaijan in Tel Aviv.
The chairman of the Irish parliament's finance committee has said it is "disappointing" that the finance minister has not responded to an inquiry into the sale of Nama's NI assets.
Hundreds of people were forced to evacuate their homes after a water main burst outside a London railway station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdicating, palace sources say.
A company planning to drill for gas in County Fermanagh has been denied permission by the environment minister.
MPs should be allowed to serve in the Welsh cabinet without having been elected, according to accountants' group Plaid Cymru.
Universities in the UK are considering expanding their European research centres in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Shorter naps are linked to a 45% increased risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have been knocked out of the World Championship play-off in Japan.
The remains of a man who was shot dead by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed.
The winner of this year's Saltire Book of the Year awards has been announced by the Saltire Society.
It is one of football's greatest sporting traditions to score a goal in a derby.
House prices in London and the South East of England rose by more than 5% last year, official figures show.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is urging London's hospitals to offer subsidised accommodation to new nurses who want to move to the capital.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Karrueche appears to have broken up with him.
The family of a black woman who died while in police custody in Texas say they have "no evidence" she tried to kill herself.
Campaign 2016 has been billed as the year of the United Nations.
N-Dubz have been given four nominations at this year's Mobo awards, the band have revealed.
Eight people have been arrested as part of an anti-drug operation in Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been named in the England squad for the second Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
A "significant number" of anti-fascists were "intent on violence and criminality" when they staged a counter-protest, police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for their first official visit to the Himalayan kingdom.
Glacial cover in the French Alps has fallen significantly over the last 40 years, according to a new survey.
A property tycoon has been accused of being "racist" after allegedly banning white people from renting his properties.
Bulgarian police are investigating after a train derailed near a village in the north-eastern Shumen province and exploded, killing at least one person.
A man has appeared in court accused of stealing a woman's handbag from a motorway bridge.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "amazed" to win the United States Grand Prix and thanked his team-mates and fans for their support.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorcyclist in Greece say they are "mortified" after his sentence was suspended.
A replica of one of Thunderbirds' most famous puppets has gone up for auction.
Pupils in England will have to study new GCSEs in English language, English literature and maths from next year, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria's head coach by the National Football Federation (NFF).
Councils in England and Wales are to be urged to give priority to people with local connections as part of plans to curb immigration.
A "depraved" man who encouraged a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for five years.
Accident and emergency waiting times at A&E units in England have improved for the first time this year.
The government has ordered an inquiry into the removal of three children from Rotherham council because they were members of UKIP.
A bet on Andy Murray winning the ATP World Tour Finals in Aberdeen has been placed by bookmaker Ladbrokes.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
The former governor of the Mexican state of Tamaulipas, David Yarrington, has been arrested on corruption charges, officials say.
Colchester extended their lead at the top of League One to nine points with victory over Chesterfield, who had two players sent off.
London Bridge is to be closed for more than three months for maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to join the judging panel for the next series of The Voice UK.
Popular children's books by Enid Blyton are to be adapted for adults.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a pensioner was stabbed in Birmingham.
A seaside seaside town could be left in a "bubble" if the TV show it is based on does not boost its economy, a council leader has warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a baby's body at a house in west London.
US technology giant Microsoft has agreed to buy more than 900 patents and licences from AOL.
Fly-half Tommy Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Ulster's Pro12 win over Munster.
US President Donald Trump says he did not make, and do not have, any recordings of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a "clear agenda" for government, the party's leader has said.
Craig Levein says he has "high hopes" for new head coach Ian Cathro despite Hearts' poor start to the season.
Firefighters have appealed for people to get involved in the fight against mountain fires, following the arrest of children as young as 11 for starting blazes.
The US city of Chicago is bidding to become the next home of President Barack Obama, according to local media.
Toyota has cut its profit forecast for the current financial year as it continues to struggle with weak demand in the US.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport has been told it will be cancelled if she changes it for "frightening" reasons.
A man and his sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Ciara Mitchell and Stephen Kirk-Smith qualified for Sunday's 4,000m final at the Ulster Indoor Athletics Championships at Santry.
Rangers, Celtic and Inverness Caledonian Thistle will face each other in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
The sudden death of Bilawal Bhutto's infant daughter has sparked outrage in Pakistan.
The families of five people who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal plant have said they have "never had any answers" about why they died.
Bristol Rovers extended their unbeaten run in League Two to five games with victory over fellow strugglers East Stirlingshire.
Hundreds of Syrian refugees have been resettled in Coventry, the city council has said.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for attempting to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit in 2011.
Holiday firm Tui has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terrorist attack in Tunisia in which 39 people were killed.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The US Supreme Court is considering whether non-profit groups with religious ties can block the Obama administration from providing birth control in health plans.
A solar-powered plane attempting to circumnavigate the globe using just the energy of the Sun has been forced to make an emergency landing in Japan.
Celtic's 13-year-old youngest player has made his debut for the club's development squad.
Worcester City head coach Colin Gordon should be part of a team managing the club for the first time in 15 years, according to chairman Steve Brown.
A furry podcast has been broadcast on several radio stations and at least one radio station in the US after its equipment was hacked.
Manchester City missed the chance to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Swansea City.
England's Tom Watson is two shots off the lead at the halfway stage of the China Open after carding a four-under-par 66 in the first round.
Danny Doughty scored the only goal of the game as Swindon beat Millwall for the first time under new manager Gary Williams.
Theresa May has been criticised by Labour for "letting austerity damage her ability to keep us safe".
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 82.
A human chain has been held at Coventry Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of World War Two.
Singer Robin Sarstedt, best known for his song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 83.
Ex-Children's Laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a TV adaptation of her best-selling novel Callum and Sephy.
Six men have been charged in connection with a series of historical sex attacks in Sheffield.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
Oil giant BP has withdrawn non-essential foreign staff from Libya for the time being in a phased reduction of numbers.
It was supposed to be an apology from the education secretary.
Twenty-one patients have been evacuated from Altnagelvin Hospital after smoke was reported coming from a "bed pan washer".
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of former ITV bodyguard David Hayden.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a train has launched a school-based support scheme.
One of the stars of US reality TV series Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filth".
The UK will be able to import electricity directly from Norway for the first time, the government has announced.
A man has thanked people for "pulling together" in the aftermath of the Manchester Arena attack.
The authorities in South Africa say they have put down a lion that has been on the run for more than a year after escaping from a national park.
The final election hustings in Northern Ireland took place at Stormont on Saturday evening.
Conor Sandro scored the only goal of the game as Ipswich came from behind to beat Queens Park Rangers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says it is "very worried" about the scale of the Ebola outbreak in Liberia.
Police are investigating after 16 petrol bombs were found in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the first of three new Earth observation satellites.
Members of Scotland's fishing industry have said the UK's vote to leave the European Union is a "complete no-brainer".
A private ambulance has been involved in a crash with a bus in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Spanish giants.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County is the biggest of his career.
A Fife man has described the "devastating" flash flooding that caused his cars to sink during heavy rain on Saturday.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "significant improvements" to its services if it is to survive in the future, a watchdog has said.
A rapist who carried out a "horrific attack" on a woman 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
One of China's longest-serving intellectuals has died at the age of 106.
League Two side Stevenage have re-signed former Barnet striker James Hyde on a one-year deal.
Theatregoers have been given the chance to vote for their favourite productions at this year's Olivier Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of playing more regularly under new Norwich City manager Ralph Farke.
Stem cells could be used to restore some types of hearing in people with profound hearing loss, say researchers.
Plans for a major multi-storey shopping complex in Oxford have been given the go-ahead.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday, 14 October to elect a new National Assembly following the overthrow of President Ben Ali on 14 January 2011.
John Carter Cash, the father of Johnny Cash, is to release a collection of previously unreleased recordings.
Children who have had bad childhood experiences are three times more likely to develop ill health later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic kit man is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing children.
Scotland has been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Port Vale have parted company with head coach Joao Ribeiro after just three months in charge of the League One club.
Some secondary academies in England have closed or attempted to close their libraries because of staff shortages, teaching union members have said.
Mae gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl sydd wedi marw i'r ffigwr godi eto.
Bournemouth have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to inform the club of players' new home addresses.
The 150th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess has been marked in a number of events at Canterbury Cathedral.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to computer pioneer Alan Turing, 59 years after his death.
US President Barack Obama has visited the house that Bob Marley once called home as he arrived in Jamaica on a three-day tour of the Caribbean.
Saturday's League One match between Oldham Athletic and Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is looking forward to meeting former Masters champion David Lyle at next month's Masters.
Middlesex batsman Liam Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
The White House says it is "going bananas" after a US appeals court blocked President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown.
There will be few, if any, Christian refugees coming to the UK from Syria, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Human remains have been found by police searching for a doctor suspected of carrying out an illegal abortion in northern India.
Wales ran in seven tries as they thrashed the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man has been jailed for making a hoax phone call threatening to kill patients at an Inverness hospital.
Former Smiths singer Johnny Marr has revealed he was in touch with Morrissey about the possibility of the band re-forming.
Motherwell manager Mark McGhee says he had "several things put to me over the last few years" in his desire to return to management.
More needs to be done to protect key chokepoints in the global food supply and prices, according to a new report.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have resumed following a power cut.
The use of a blood test to detect ovarian cancer is being trialled in the US.
It's not the way England start their Six Nations campaign, it's the way they finish games.
The bodies of three people have been found after an explosion in New York City that killed at least 11 people, officials say.
Hewlett-Packard has unveiled its first Android-powered smartphone.
The annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in the Indian city of Rishikesh and Haridwar has provided an important clue to the spread of antibiotic resistance.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man died following an assault in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school.
Defending champion Stan Wawrinka has been knocked out of the Miami Open in the quarter-finals by American Kyle Edmund.
St Johnstone have extended the loan spell of striker Ryan MacLean.
When Dolly the sheep was created in 1997, it was one of science fiction's biggest successes.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet an online paedophile hunter has been jailed for seven years.
Tens of thousands of Kurdish fighters have been fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Kobane.
The construction of a footbridge over the River Adur in West Sussex has been delayed until next year.
A 100-year-old Holocaust survivor has told how he was "a changed man completely" when he arrived at the Auschwitz death camp.
Human remains have been found at a property in County Donegal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola's first match in charge of the club will be in China.
Energy firm Aggreko has said it expects its full-year profits to be lower than last year.
A motorist has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute the man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills massacre.
A police appeal to a man who posed as a clown to scare children in County Antrim has gone viral.
On the street outside the Turkish embassy in Moscow, a group of Russian tourists gathered to watch the news.
Parts of the National Trust's historic Clandon Park house are to be restored following a devastating fire last month.
In the wake of the referendum result there has been a lot of talk about the impact of the vote to leave the European Union.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar yr Ardd yn ddeall beth sy'n digwydd i hoff adar gerddi Cymru yn y gaeaf.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston came from behind to beat Norwich.
Police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county have appealed for help in tracing the driver of a pick-up truck.
Two schools rated inadequate by the education watchdog are to lose their funding after parents descended on them during an Ofsted inspection.
Aberdeen have signed right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan from Liverpool until the end of the season.
A GP has been struck off for "unprofessional and completely unacceptable behaviour".
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Leeds.
Spencer Williams has won the cow bell trophy at The Jump.
A TV series based on Lethal Weapon is to be made by 20th Century Fox, reports say.
James Faulkner became the first Australian to take five one-day international wickets as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the second one-Day international.
The UK government has approved a list of four Islamist groups to be banned from entering the country.
Estonia, a former Soviet republic, is one of the smallest countries in the European Union.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to give their views on the future of education in the town.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade is to leave the club at the end of the season.
A police helicopter used to secretly film naturists has been cleared of misconduct.
Sinn Féin has said it is "hopeful" that information about the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio will be made public "very soon".
The body of Spanish police officer Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed by London Bridge attackers on Saturday night, is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday.
South Africa's Henrik Stenson carded a final round of eight-over-par 73 to drop out of contention at the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Pregnant TV presenter Kirsty Jones has given birth to her first child.
Plans for a new visitor attraction at the Humber Suspension Bridge have been unveiled.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley climbed out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Torquay.
The Labour Party has unveiled plans to allow grandparents to share in 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Tait has died at the age of 36.
Plans to perform William Shakespeare's Richard III at Leicester Cathedral have been branded a "deliberate humiliation" by an anti-royal society.
A new chief executive has been appointed to oversee complaints about public services in Wales.
One of Northern Ireland's largest aerospace companies has gone into liquidation.
New Zealand thrashed defending champions France to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time.
The Peruvian space agency, PerúSAT-1, has launched the world's smallest satellite.
Turkey's prime minister has defended his country's military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
West Ham United have been ordered to reveal details of their tenancy agreement at London's Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Alistair Payne has been suspended from racing for two weeks after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Champions League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has told the BBC that the country's mangrove forests have an economic value of US $2.9 billion.
Derek McInnes admitted Aberdeen "run out of legs" after their Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Celtic.
More than 700 employers in London have signed up to the new voluntary living wage, the mayor's office has announced.
Pamela Geller has been described by critics as a "bigoted blogger" who opposes the construction of mosques in the US.
Fernando Wurz has been named as the new boss of the Manor Marussia Formula 1 team.
The richest 20% of Latin American people earn more than the poorest 20%, according to a new study.
South Korea's An So-yeon won his maiden European Tour title with a three-shot victory at the PGA Championship in Florida.
Aberdeen missed out on a place in the Europa League second qualifying round as they were held to a goalless draw by Fola Esch.
Conor McGregor has pulled out of the Ultimate Fighting Championship's (UFC) 200 event.
Defending champion Vincenzo Nibali won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia in Italy after Tom Dumoulin suffered a stomach bug.
The door of a former Whitbread warehouse in Cheltenham has been painted with the portrait of the town's founder.
Boris Johnson, the UK's new foreign secretary, is in the midst of a political storm.
President Barack Obama has nominated his former deputy attorney general to be the next head of the FBI.
Two Victorian beach huts in Devon are to receive a £500,000 boost from the government.
The Russian military says it has destroyed 16 memory chips from a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set the pace on the opening day of practice at the Isle of Man TT with the fastest time of the week.
The president of Australia's Human Rights Commission (HRC) has rejected an offer of a job as an "inducement", the government has said.
A Dundee hospital has become the first in the UK to share information about a rare blood transfusion syndrome.
Olympic gold medallist Katie King says she is hopeful of making Great Britain's women's team for the Rio Olympics.
When Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch was shot dead in her home city of Lahore on Sunday, her death sparked an outpouring of grief and anger.
The International Holocaust Remembrance Centre (INR) says it has created a database of all the people who worked at the Auschwitz death camp during World War Two.
Olympic judo silver medallist Georges Lefebvre was born in Paris and grew up in south-east France.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he needs "gladiators" after his side were beaten at The Den.
An 85-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Sheffield.
Hundreds of people have joined the search for a woman who went missing from a Swindon nightclub.
Northern Ireland's five health trusts are to receive an extra £1m over the next five years.
An unexploded World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru have agreed to resume talks on Monday.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that the threat posed by the United States and Nato is increasing.
Scientists have named a species of shrimp after the rockers Pink Floyd.
Scientists say they have produced a glue that is three times stronger than any other medical adhesive.
NHS 111 services in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire are suffering from a "severe workforce crisis", according to a leaked report.
Two British sisters who died in a boat accident in Indonesia have been found safe and well, their mother has said.
A bid to buy a derelict building in Denbighshire has been put up for sale by the Rightmove website.
McLaren's team-mates at the Spanish Grand Prix, Ron Dennis, were talking about the team's performance in the final practice session of the season.
Thieves have stolen more than £20,000 from a Cadets base in Aberdeenshire.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration, the White House has confirmed.
The helmsman of a passenger boat that collided with a tug was not properly supervising the vessel, an accident report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman at her home in County Armagh have renewed their appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire man who admitted stabbing himself in the neck has been remanded in custody.
Award-winning director David Wenders will lead the jury at this year's Venice International Film Festival, along with Oscar-nominated director Harrison Ford.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has declared victory in Sunday's presidential election, but opposition candidate Daniel Besigye says he is still under house arrest.
Tributes have been paid to a Welsh teacher who died in a car crash.
Defending champions South Africa inflicted a first defeat of the World Cup on Scotland at St James' Park.
Spain's banks are expected to need 59.3bn euros (Â£56bn) of additional funding from the eurozone, the country's finance minister has said.
"I'm not Jason Bourne," says Johanna Konta.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled a series of appearances in London and Sheffield.
A Spanish man has been questioned by police investigating the fatal shooting of jewellery dealer Clive Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in east London.
In the wake of the terror attack at a London mosque on Wednesday night, there has been an outpouring of criticism on both sides of the Atlantic about the impact of tech giants on the internet.
A witness at the Hillsborough inquests has said he was "push towards the goal" during the first crush at Hillsborough.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
Leyton Orient midfielder Jamie Cox says he will have to wait up to four months before he can return to the Football League.
Chelsea defender David Luiz will leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season to join Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
The collapsed charity Kids Company received at least £42m in government grants for at least 15 years, an audit has found.
The family of a Bristol man who went missing in Monaco have been left "in the dark from the very start", an inquest has heard.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg says he is determined to extend Lewis Hamilton's lead at the top of the Formula 1 championship after Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix.
Authorities in the US state of Alabama have arrested the father of an 18-year-old boy who has been missing for more than a decade.
The future of Wales' forests is to be decided on a case-by-case basis, the environment minister has said.
Public service broadcasting (PSB) budgets have fallen by more than 40% in the past five years, according to a report by Ofcom.
Scottish Police Commissioner Mark Matheson has urged the public not to comment while the investigation into the death of James Bayoh continues.
The Olympic flame will travel through parts of the East and Lincolnshire as part of the London 2012 Relay.
The founder of Wikileaks has told the BBC that he will publish further details about the CIA's cyber-weapons programme.
Ulsan is one of South Korea's best known shipyards, but it is also one of the country's poorest.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died in a house fire in Carmarthenshire has been opened and adjourned.
Cycling has become one of the fastest growing sports in the world, but how do you get started?
There has been a dramatic change in the way drug trials are carried out in the UK.
Thousands of Army reservists are set to lose their jobs as part of government cuts to the armed forces.
A group of young people with learning disabilities has launched an art exhibition in Cardiff.
Nani scored the only goal of the game as the United States came from behind to beat Portugal and reach the last 16 of the World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying within the organisation.
Scientists in the US say they have made the first stem cell-based therapy for brain tumours.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving in Leeds.
A pogo-goer has broken the world record for bouncing more than 88,000 times.
Plans for a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead by the council.
Police have said they have "exhausted all lines of inquiry" over the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire two decades ago.
Kirsty Mead is targeting a first senior England call-up.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a prominent transgender rights activist.
Huddersfield hooker James Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
An investigation is under way after a cat died following a suspected poisoning in Carmarthenshire.
Bournemouth's Christian Afobe has been named in the DR Congo squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4's youth channel E4 is to be switched off on polling day for the general election.
A film about the miners' strike in the 1980s has opened in London's West End.
At least 19 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football stadium in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build 1,500 new luxury hotels and resorts on the Red Sea coast, as part of a multi-billion-dollar tourism project.
Dozens of Citroën cars have been destroyed in a fire at a car dealership.
Bristol Rovers were held to a goalless draw by Fleetwood in the National League.
All children in Northern Ireland should receive a fully integrated education system, according to a UN report.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by careless driving.
One of The Beatles' earliest album sleeves has been put at the top of a list of the world's most valuable records.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals at the Australian Open.
An earthquake has struck south-eastern Italy, with tremors felt as far away as Milan.
Hotels in Northern Ireland have been urged by the industry's trade body to get a strategy in place to attract more investment.
Two people have been charged over the death of a three-year-old boy whose body was found in a lagoon.
It’s not every day that Disney reveals how they’ll use technology to bring their brand of storytelling to new audiences.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Manchester City striker Yaya Toure on loan until the end of the season.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has fetched more than £100,000 at an auction in Germany.
A coalition of West Ham United supporters has said they are "no nearer" to knowing the details of a deal with the government which will see the club pay up to £2.5m a year in rent.
Northern Ireland's first minister has said there are no solutions to the crisis in the Stormont Executive.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says there is still work to be done ahead of next month's World Cup finals.
A harbour porpoise has been attacked by a bottlenose dolphin on the doorstep of Aberdeen Harbour.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to wipe out almost 82% of the country's workforce if he wins re-election on Friday.
An 18th Century art gallery in Manchester has been badly damaged in a fire.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Tyrone.
Ukrainian electricity has been cut off in the capital, Kiev, for the second time in less than a year.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame in the New Year Honours list.
Former Fox News chief executive Roger Ailes and executive director Bill Shine have been named as chief executives of the US cable network.
India's Supreme Court has ordered the trial of an Italian marines accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen last year to be held in Italy.
Tributes have been paid to boxing legend Muhammad Ali who has died at the age of 74.
The Metropolitan Police's "ghost squad" has been criticised by former Home Secretary Peter Condon and the Home Affairs Committee, but what is it really about?
London's mayor has written to the prime minister urging her to give the go-ahead for a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
Peter Parkinson has been re-elected as the MP for St Peter Port North following a by-election.
Canada has become the first European country to resume importing beef from the EU, amid concerns over the spread of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy.
Plans to close Brecon Barracks are "utterly abhorrent", an MP has said.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been under a social media ban since last year.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital with a suspected stroke.
A Scottish government-funded project aimed at getting black and minority ethnic women into work in English as a first language has been given the go-ahead.
The authorities in Brazil's Amazon region of Amazonas say they have recaptured more than 200 inmates who escaped from two prisons on Saturday.
Shane Williams will leave Ospreys at the end of the season to join Japanese side Yamaha Jubilo for a "once in a lifetime" opportunity.
(Close): Shares in mining companies fell on Friday after a US judge found BP liable for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A ticket from Monmouthshire has scooped a £24.7m jackpot on the Euromillions lottery.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in China's restive Xinjiang region on suspicion of involvement in Thursday's car bomb attack in Urumqi, state media report.
The discovery of a three-year-old boy's body in a river in Aberdeenshire leads to a flurry of headlines on the front pages.
Comedians Maxine Peake and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in a new BBC One adaptation of Hamlet.
An autistic girl has written an open letter to the prime minister in a bid to stop Big Ben chiming.
The body of a man has been found in woodland in Northamptonshire, police have said.
A report into the death of a prisoner in a prison in County Tyrone has criticised the Northern Ireland Prison Service.
Human remains have been discovered at a cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's top court has rejected an appeal by a Pakistani-born woman who challenged the country's ban on wearing the Islamic veil, officials say.
The number of cats living on an uninhabited Japanese island has more than doubled in the past year.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have been married in France.
An extra £10 a week would be given to unpaid carers to help tackle Britain's social care crisis, the leader of the Labour Party is to say.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 57-year-old pedestrian was struck by his car.
Pressure is rising on the European Union following the UK's vote to leave the bloc, with some commentators warning of the dangers posed by "populism".
Newport Gwent Dragons secured their first bonus-point of the Pro12 season with a hard-fought win at Edinburgh.
A French court has sentenced a woman to life in prison for murdering her two children and burying them in her garden.
Clermont Auvergne secured their place in the European Champions Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Sale.
Scotland's education secretary is to update MSPs on the future of the Named Person service.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than two weeks have appealed for information.
One of Silicon Valley's most popular messaging apps, Yo, has been shut down because of a security flaw.
There are two types of pubs in Scotland.
Volunteers in Snowdonia are being asked to give back to local businesses as part of a scheme to encourage more young people to work outdoors.
US President-elect Donald Trump's former national security adviser has rejected claims that she sought to cover up alleged Russian interference in the election.
Former MP Paul Joyce has been found guilty of head-butting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard smashed centuries as West Indies thrashed Australia by eight wickets to set up a Women's World Twenty20 final against Sri Lanka.
Ivory Coast are "hopeful" Wilfried Zaha's decision to switch allegiance to England will be approved by Fifa, says manager Gareth Southgate.
Scottish Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "happy to work with" Kezia Dugdale after a debate in Edinburgh.
Mark McManus scored twice as Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in Scottish League Two.
Dairy farmers in the UK have spoken to Newsbeat about their fears about the future of the industry.
London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan has been elected.
Southport chairman Paul Clapham will step down at the end of the season following the club's relegation from the National League.
Dozens of workers at a Maruti Suzuki plant in the northern Indian state of Haryana have been killed in clashes between workers and managers.
Wales scrum-half Leigh Halfpenny says it would be premature for the Six Nations to be relegated to the Championship.
Police are appealing for information after a man's car was stolen in two separate armed robberies in County Armagh.
The Duchess of Cambridge has played the flute at a concert in the German city of Hamburg.
Sierra Leone has imposed a 24-hour curfew in a bid to contain the spread of the deadly Ebola virus.
Sweden's Lukasz Walz won Olympic gold in the men's 4x100m freestyle relay in Rio.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main power line between Inverness and Culloden in Aberdeenshire.
A Labour MP has stepped down from her post as Parliamentary Private Secretary after posting a picture of Israel on Facebook.
A Polish man has been found guilty of plotting to bomb the Polish parliament in Krakow, hours before Prime Minister Pawel Komorowski was due to attend the event.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says North Korea appears to have resumed activities at the Yongbyon nuclear plant.
A koala named Bear Grylls has escaped head-first in a car grill in the Australian state of South Australia.
Leeds United have re-signed Swedish striker Adam Antonsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed former Falkirk defender Ryan Leahy for an undisclosed fee.
Sierra Leone has become the first part of the world to be declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization (WHO) says.
The German intelligence agency, the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), says it has arrested a man on suspicion of terrorism.
Elections in Hong Kong are being held on Sunday, four years after the Umbrella Movement took to the streets to demand democracy in the city.
Manchester United maintained their 100% start to the Premier League season with a comfortable win over West Brom.
French comedian Charlie Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred over comments he made on social media about the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for a typographical error in its announcement that Muslim women in the UK will have to learn English.
An eight-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at Rabat Zoo in South Africa.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault in Londonderry.
The introduction of 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the European Union will leave "very little parliamentary time", the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) says.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure believes Raheem Sterling is "too honest" after he was sent off in the 1-1 draw with Tottenham.
Labour could "lonele" to a "very small number" of MPs if it fails to improve its performance in Wales, the party's former leader Ken Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Keshi Solomona has the potential to play for England in the future, according to the club's director of rugby Dai Monye.
A damning report into Police Scotland's call-handling processes has been published by the justice secretary.
Harrods hairdresser Barnardo Howe has died at the age of 83.
Volcanoes in the Central American nation of Costa Rica have erupted, spewing ash into the sky.
Exeter City captain Ben Butterfield says he is looking forward to a "emergency style usage" of himself next season.
A dog restaurant in the US city of San Francisco has become the first in the country to serve puppy platters.
More than £20m is to be invested in the future of general practice in Scotland over the next year, the government has announced.
Hilary Mantel's novel Someone Else's Skin has been named crime novel of the year at an awards ceremony.
The parents of a baby girl who suffered from a rare medical condition have said they were treated like "monsters" by a hospital.
An Australian woman who fled to Israel to face child sex abuse charges has had her case against her dropped.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital with serious leg injuries after being rescued from the Mourne Valley in County Antrim.
Supermarket chains such as Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons are selling some of their own school uniforms for less than 5p each.
So what did the National Audit Office (NAO) learn about the profitability of the big four private sector outsourcing companies?
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead going into the final round of the BMW Masters in Munich.
The Cassini space probe has made its final close-up approach to Saturn.
When Hillary Clinton launched her campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination on Thursday, she was expected to make a strong pitch to moderate Republicans.
Mattel, the maker of Barbie dolls, is in talks with toy-maker Hasbro about buying the company.
A group has been set up in Cheshire to tackle the spread of tuberculosis in the county.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why octopuses have become so popular in Tanzania.
Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two Indonesian women in Hong Kong.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire are set to go before councillors in Northallerton on Friday.
Venezuelan authorities have arrested three suspected rebels over an attack on a military barracks in August, the country's army chief says.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Featherstone reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
An inquest into the deaths of five IRA men who were shot dead during the Troubles has been delayed because of a lack of a coroner.
Children and young people in Birmingham are not getting the help and support they need quickly enough, the city council has said in a report.
Five select committee chairmen have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target.
Lord Coe is to step down as president of athletics' world governing body following a damning report.
A 16-year-old mental health patient who had been held overnight in police custody has been found a place of care, police have said.
Vietnam has cancelled a Human Rights Watch (HRW) conference in Bangkok, citing security concerns.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an 18th Century Georgian mansion which dates back more than 2,000 years.
The first 'close shave' of a large asteroid in history has been released by scientists.
A New Mexico man has pleaded not guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in March.
British jockey George Gwynne has been discharged from hospital after suffering a brain haemorrhage in a race in Switzerland.
The new Conservative MP for Cardiff North says he has been given a telephone extension but he has no office.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what Dennis Rodman bought North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
A motorist who died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway has been named by police.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of New York's tallest building after falling from a crane.
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been fired over the fatal shooting of a teenager in Dallas on Saturday.
Teenage pop star Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge thrashed 10-man Cheltenham 3-1 in League Two.
Éamon Ó Murchú, one of Ireland's longest-serving broadcasters, has died.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has made an impassioned plea for access to Chinese markets for beef and chicken.
Engineers from the Government Communications Centre have stepped in to recreate a key part of the Lorenz cipher used by Nazi Germany.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez is "not an option" if the striker returns from injury.
The editor-in-chief of Turkey's main opposition newspaper, Cumhuriyet, and several other journalists have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged links to the failed coup.
England's Ryan Fitzpatrick carded a four-under-par 66 to share the lead with compatriot Aljaz Aphibarnrat heading into the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been tied up and robbed at knifepoint at their home in west Belfast.
The death toll from Tuesday's earthquake in Christchurch, New Zealand, has risen to 30, the country's prime minister has said.
The world's first pure silicon wafer has been produced for the first time.
St Johnstone midfielder Jordan Stephens says he is confident his side can bounce back from recent defeats.
The owner of a cat who has been on the run for more than two years says he is "deeply ashamed" of his cat.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Castleford.
Plans for a major expansion of Dyson's Malmesbury headquarters have been shelved because of safety concerns.
Cristiano Ronaldo was left out of Portugal's Euro 2016 squad as they lost 2-0 to Cape Verde in the first leg of their group match.
It's almost time for the second reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill.
As the sun sets over San Diego on Tuesday night, a group of Border Patrol workers in the US state of California anxiously await the news of the construction of a new border wall.
Glasgow secured their first Pro12 win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Leinster at Murrayfield.
Nepal and neighbouring Tibet have been at the centre of a series of devastating floods since last year's earthquake.
A charity has called on internet service providers to "up its game" after a report found that some of their broadband adverts are misleading.
Birmingham City reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Chelsea Ladies.
Scientists in the UK say they have developed a new way of using antibiotics to treat pig diseases.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time with victory over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Britain's Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet in Sunday's French Open final at the clay-court Grand Slam in Paris.
Dundee United striker Lee Goodwillie says he has no interest in playing for England again.
An 11-year-old girl from Northern Ireland has become the youngest ever chess master in the United States.
American teenager Katie Ledecky won Olympic gold in the women's 4x100m freestyle relay at Rio 2016.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who went missing last month.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has made a series of visits to Scotland ahead of the party's leadership contest.
Sudan have failed in their bid to qualify for the second round of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Jean-Louis Akpa-Akpro scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Mansfield.
The creator of popular US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield is based in the US.
Belfast International Airport's chief executive has urged Enda Kenny to put Northern Ireland as the gateway into the island of Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life.
Spain's three new left-of-centre mayors are promising to change the way the country is governed.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in West Yorkshire.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% in the three months to December 2014, according to official figures.
Nineteen West Midlands Police staff have been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was subjected to domestic abuse.
A shortage of prison officers "may be only a matter of time" before a Spice-related death is confirmed, a watchdog has warned.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has called on political forces to "play politics" with the plight of the kidnapped schoolgirls.
A man accused of beating his landlord to death with a hammer said he was angry about his break-up and asked for sexual favours.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll should be included in his 23-man squad for Euro 2016.
The future of a Pembrokeshire swimming pool has been secured thanks to the support of two churches.
Tens of thousands of Iraqi Christians are feared to have fled their homes after Islamic militants captured the town of Qaraqosh, officials say.
The partner of one of the victims of the Sheffield Power Station collapse has said there is still a chance he could still be alive.
Plans to turn a derelict shipyard into an arts centre have moved a step closer.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, the Royal College of Nursing has said.
Tributes have been paid to a man shot dead during a police operation on the M62 in West Yorkshire.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed defender James Edwards on a two-year contract.
Hundreds of mourners have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore for the funerals of those killed in sectarian attacks in the city on Sunday.
Yorkshire clinched the County Championship title with victory over Durham at Trent Bridge.
A new map shows just how much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has rejected claims it was trying to influence a reporter working on a Daily Telegraph story about the government's culture secretary.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from two goals down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Mark Morris says it was "very proud" to have three full houses for the T20 Blast in Cardiff.
Former world number one Mark Fordham says he would love to play at Lakeside again.
India's central bank has cut its benchmark interest rate by 0.5%.
James McClean and Darren Randolph have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for their friendly against Mexico in June.
Islamic State (IS) militants in Egypt's Sinai peninsula say they launched an attack on a naval vessel off the coast of the Gaza Strip.
One of the UK's richest men, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed as the government's chief procurement officer.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Toulon Tournament for the first time in their history as they beat Mexico 3-2 in the final.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott on a short-term deal until the end of the T20 Blast season.
Northern Ireland's Michael McComb secured his place at next month's European Championships with a convincing victory over Russia's Vladimir Kharkiv in Ukraine.
Most of us don't know what pharmacists can offer in the NHS.
Eleven children have been taken to hospital following a slide at a carnival in Dorset.
An 83-year-old woman who tried to kill herself after refusing treatment that would make her "too old to regain" has won a landmark case at the Court of Protection.
An international conservationist has been chosen to take up a post as a hedgehog officer in Ipswich.
Four British soldiers who died in a car crash in Afghanistan were killed by a "glancing impact", an inquest has heard.
Dozens of people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia's Oromia region, officials say.
Lancashire lost the Bill Beaumont Cup for only the second time in their history to Cornwall at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" in front of the public has been jailed for eight years.
South Africa's government says it will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) after it failed in a last-ditch legal bid.
A 62-year-old woman died when she was hit by a pothole in Newport, an inquest has heard.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as manager of Newcastle United by Rafael Benitez.
Up to 10,000 jobs could be lost at HSBC in London if the UK votes to leave the European Union, sources have told the BBC.
Pro-life campaigners have been reacting to Justice Horner's decision to allow abortions in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
Police in the German state of Heidelberg are investigating after a man was attacked by an elephant that had escaped from its enclosure.
Russia's justice ministry says it has made one of the country's main pollsters register as a foreign agent.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think the assembly could be won if the referendum for Brexit was re-run.
A minute's silence has been observed in the centre of Barcelona for the victims of Thursday's terrorist attack.
Singer Mabel has topped the BBC's Sound Of 2016 list for the first time.
A man has been arrested in connection with the illegal importation of rare species.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a lorry driver on Breitscheidplatz in Berlin.
The curate of a Catholic school has apologised after telling children he was not real and asked them what they thought about Christmas.
A man has died in a house fire in west Belfast.
Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police officers have been jailed for using the force's computer system to give false information leading to an innocent man being investigated for attempted murder.
A five-year-old boy from North Lanarkshire has called Celtic to apologise for missing the club's Champions League game.
Celtic reached the Scottish Cup quarter-finals for the first time with a dramatic penalty shootout win over Rangers.
A study into the impact of the M74 extension in the south of Glasgow on road accidents has found no evidence it has reduced the number of accidents.
Pro-Russia activists have taken control of the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a TV adaptation of Shakespeare's A Life Backwards.
Belgium's King Albert II has come under fire for his Christmas message to political leaders, in which he warned against "populism".
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in England's 13-man squad for the three-match one-day series against South Africa in March.
The organisers of the Londonderry Fleadh have said they will bid again to host the festival in 2017.
Thousands of saplings have been planted at a County Londonderry woodland to mark the centenary of the end of World War One.
An "unacceptable" spelling error on a railway stop in Nottingham has prompted an apology from the city's transport authority.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is investigating the case of Ethiopian runner Feyisa Oromo who crossed the finish line to protest against the government at the Rio Games.
The Department of Motor Vehicles (DDR) ordered the removal of a safety barrier at the spot where teenager Enda Dolan was knocked down by a van, the BBC has learned.
Ten people have been killed in a knife attack at a train station in Kunming, China's state-run Xinhua news agency says.
Energy firm EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, this time for dual-fuel customers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the government's spending plans for the EU referendum.
Mae Cymru wedi i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdydd Ebbw Vale.
A custody sergeant was "properly and professional" in his handling of the death of a mentally ill man, a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in the price of oil.
Seven puppies and a lurcher have been stolen from a house in Renfrewshire.
Northern Ireland's fire service has said it is investigating reports of "hate crime" on bonfires.
Championship side Celta Vigo have agreed a loan deal with Fulham until the end of the season.
Landlords in Wales are "getting away with simply not providing a service in exchange for fees", an AM has said.
In the wake of the Jimmy Savile allegations, the Metropolitan Police's handling of historical child sex abuse allegations in England and Wales has been described as "unacceptable".
Prestwick and Campbeltown are vying to become the UK's first commercial spaceport.
George is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife from the SNP.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why we are changing what we buy.
One of Northern Ireland's oldest knitwear firms has said it has seen a "surge in orders" from home and abroad.
A replica of one of the world's oldest cave paintings has been unveiled in France.
Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina have been boosted by the addition of Manchester City goalkeeper Katie Chapman.
A paramedic has been jailed for sexually assaulting two teenage girls while he was driving.
Tyson Fury retained his British and Commonwealth light-welterweight titles with a unanimous points victory over Dmytro Chisora in London.
Hull KR head coach Neil Peacock says Albert Kelly's future is "up in the air".
A senior Tory official has been called to give evidence as part of an inquiry into allegations of bullying, the party has said.
China's e-commerce giant Alibaba plans to raise more than $25bn (£17bn) in its initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
The financial state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the 400m at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Brentford defender Tom Williams has signed a one-year contract extension with the League Two club.
Nicki Minaj and Madonna aren't the only celebrities who have been taking to the airwaves this week to criticise Radio 1.
Canada Post has said it plans to increase the price of postage stamps in a bid to save C$1bn (Â£770m) over the next five years.
US President Barack Obama has called for "visible prosecutions" for corruption during a visit to Kenya.
They have been roaming the French Alps for more than a century.
James Corden's Late Late Show is to be filmed in London for the first time.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel as part of his efforts to get the UK out of the European Union.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the bank's board.
Eight US celebrities have been identified as victims of a data breach at their Los Angeles home last summer, according to court papers.
A drug dealer has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees could become "extremists" if they do not get access to education, the country's education minister has warned.
Indian liquor tycoon Vijay Mallya is reported to have left the country and is believed to have fled to London.
The University of Bristol is seeking volunteers to take part in a study to see if e-cigarettes are safer than traditional cigarettes.
A Gloucestershire school placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close at the end of December.
The Duke of Cambridge is the latest celebrity to drop a single digit in support of mental health charity Minds Matter.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school head teacher has been jailed for seven years for a string of sex offences against pupils.
The deaths of a whale and a minke whale off the Suffolk coast are coincidental, experts have said.
A man who admitted killing his ex-girlfriend has had his jail term increased.
Captain Virat Kohli scored a century as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the opening match of the World Cup.
Jonathan Demme is one of Hollywood's best-loved directors.
World Taekwondo champion Aaron Cook will not compete at the 2012 Olympics after the British Olympic Association (BOA) rejected his nomination of Lutalo Muhammad.
A reinvestigation into the death of a police informant who was found badly burned under a bridge in north London has been closed by the Metropolitan Police.
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death during a row over an ice cream has been jailed for eight years.
A 15-year-old boy has been airlifted to hospital following a fall in a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has agreed to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital.
Leeds Rhinos kept alive their hopes of a top-four finish with victory over St Helens at Headingley.
Kenya's president has vowed that the judiciary will not be used to interfere with the functioning of the executive and other arms of government.
Heavy rain and thunderstorms have been battering parts of the southern Indian city of Hyderabad.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent him a text saying "hi, how are you", a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers clinched their first Super League title with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield Trinity.
George Brand has been accused by the Sun newspaper of hypocrisy over his use of social media to promote inequality.
Paul Murray, who was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April 1975, was an avid football fan.
The prime minister of Norway has visited the victims of the mass shooting at a youth camp in the capital, Oslo.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the murder of a woman whose body was found in the Republic of Ireland more than five years ago.
Bromley ended North Ferriby's 100% start to the National League season with a 2-1 victory.
Glamorgan have appointed former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled as strong winds continue to batter the island.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 0.5% in the fourth quarter of the year, its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in 2008.
Teenagers are better at remembering the details of their experiences, according to a study in the journal Neuron.
A man has been killed by a grizzly bear in the US state of Montana, officials say.
Anti-social behaviour is expected to rise on the Night Tube, according to London Underground (TfL) police, but it will be "difficult to be sure" until it is up and running, says a report.
A former NHS nurse has been jailed for seven years for downloading hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children.
Ireland have qualified for the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka.
Plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle are to be put to a public inquiry, the council has said.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should " toughen up a little" if he is to stop Irish players playing for the Republic of Ireland, says captain Michael Keane.
The trial of two men accused of murdering their ex-partner has begun in Birmingham.
German airline Lufthansa plans to charge passengers for using its own travel price comparison websites.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" by the Independent Football Association's decision not to sanction Carrick Rangers.
Scientists in Glasgow say they have found a way to predict how long a bird will live.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto has increased the prison sentence for people who kidnap, as well as those who kill their victims.
An anaesthetist at the centre of the death of a mother-of-two who suffered a haemorrhage after an operation failed to work, an inquest has heard.
A court in Nigeria's north-eastern city of Bauchi has sentenced four Muslim men to death for homosexual offences.
The head of Russia's anti-doping agency, Vitaly Mutko, says it is "high time" for him to retire.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a Ugandan prosecutor.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto a controversial religious freedom law.
Singer Shaky Stevens has been voted Wales' best musical of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Former Fifa president Sepp Blatter could be forced to pull the 2018 and 2022 World Cups from Russia or Qatar if there is evidence of bribing, his former boss has said.
An Albanian man who was extradited to the UK after being convicted of a string of murders has been told he will not be extradited.
Wales will support the Football Association of Wales' decision to allow players to wear poppies on their armbands on Armistice Day, says captain Chris Ledley.
A collection of World War Two diving helmets has sold at auction for more than £20,000.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
Preston North End have re-signed striker Josh Brownhill on loan until the end of the season.
Some GP practices in England may be "allowed to fail", NHS bosses have warned.
Former Liverpool and Llanelli player-manager Barry Wallace is one of Wales' most recognisable footballers.
Slavery and human trafficking are "serious and organised crime".
The Underground Tunnels have opened to the public for the first time since World War Two.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley says he wants to "win something" at the Championship club.
Nigeria international striker Eniola Aluko has accused England manager Mark Sampson of bullying and harassment, the Football Association has confirmed.
Prison deaths in England and Wales have reached a 10-year high, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to announce his squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
Three people have been arrested following an incident in Cardiff city centre.
Northampton flanker Tom Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if he is to be part of England's Six Nations squad next month.
Former world number one Ding Junhui has been knocked out of the UK Championship in the first round after an angry rant about conditions.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool is set to be extended until the end of next year.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country is to retire at the end of the year.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed Rushall on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Denbighshire forest is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
It is New Year's Day in Orkney, in the Western Isles.
The Hong Kong government has unveiled a plan to allow people travelling overland from mainland China to board trains directly from Hong Kong.
Australia is to send 30 more special forces to Afghanistan as part of an increase in its support for the war in the country.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Unqualified teachers are being used in England's state schools, the National Association of Head Teachers has warned.
Royal Mail is considering industrial action over proposed changes to its pension scheme, the Communication Workers Union (CWU) has said.
Jersey Tigers centre Ben Stevens says the club are "on the right road" to reaching the Championship play-offs.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned aircraft has taken to the skies for the first time.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of high-end smartphone chips, has announced plans to cut 2,500 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures.
Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a fire broke out in a lounge in Kent.
Four Uighur men have been executed by firing squad in China's restive Xinjiang region, state media report.
A community hall that was forced to close following a campaign to save it from closure has reopened to the public.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition after being hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
When it comes to compensating for mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) on your credit card, it can be a bit of a "lottery".
Have you ever wondered why pee turns into electricity?
Facebook says it has produced more than 350TB of satellite population maps for its Aquila drone project.
Widnes Vikings suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Warrington in the Challenge Cup.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a naked female rider.
Kai, a nine-year-old boy from South Sudan, has been living in a refugee camp in the north-east of the country since the 2015 peace agreement was signed.
Police have appealed for information after a brick was thrown at the windscreen of a patrol car in Londonderry.
Emma Watson has been speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
There are too many passengers that do not get the level of reliability they have a right to expect, says Network Rail.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Morocco in Gabon.
Three West Midlands police officers have been cleared of misconduct over comments they made about MP Keith Mitchell.
An inquest into the death of a man who died after being hit by a car in Birmingham has opened.
Hundreds of people are expected to descend on Dover this weekend for the annual British Beard Contest.
Eight Chinese nationals have been arrested in Zambia on suspicion of illegal mining, according to state media.
Two Kilcoo players have been suspended by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) following an allegation of racism.
Nick Kyrgios "doesn't understand what it takes" to win a Grand Slam, says former world number one John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto have clashed at a press conference in Mexico.
One of the most widely prescribed treatments for type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man who died after being attacked outside a Denbighshire supermarket has been named by police.
Huddersfield Giants duo Bailey and Jack Cox have signed new two-year contracts with the Super League club.
Police have launched an investigation after a car mounted the pavement and hit a building in Glasgow city centre.
Coventry City have re-signed Sunderland striker Fabio Giaccherini on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Archaeologists at Durham University say they have uncovered an "unprecedented" amount of treasure.
Liverpool mayor Joe Anderson has criticised the Sun after the newspaper published an article in which former editor Ian MacKenzie compared footballers to "men with similar pay packets".
Torquay United have agreed a deal to buy Plainmoor Town Football Club for an undisclosed sum.
Police in England and Wales do not have an organised scheme for appropriate adults, according to a report by the Law Society.
Here is a full list of players who have made their professional debuts for the 2016-17 season.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini earned Manchester United their first points of the season as they beat Leicester at Old Trafford.
Plans to make non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence have been backed by the government.
The UK will be able to enjoy the same rights as EU citizens after Brexit, the prime minister has said.
One of 12 members of the Barcelona cell of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has given evidence to a Spanish court, in the wake of Thursday's deadly attack in Barcelona.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow in Wrexham has told a court he had no reason to be hostile towards him.
A convicted murderer has absconded from a prison.
Rory McIlroy has ruled himself out of next week's US Open at Erin Hills as he continues his recovery from a stress fracture.
Parliamentary Labour MP David Lammy says he is considering running for the party's leadership.
The chief executive of the South Devon NHS Trust has admitted defrauding her husband out of more than £11,000 from the NHS.
Google says it has developed a new way of collecting data on users' browsing habits, which it says will allow it to measure the impact of online ad campaigns.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a 23-year-old woman was sexually assaulted in an Edinburgh layby.
The population of the UK increased by 491,100 between mid-2013 and mid-2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away from home for the first time in five years to play in the FA Cup.
Plans to build a bridge over the River Thames in central London should be scrapped because "value for money for the taxpayer has not been secured", an MP has said.
A major road in Buckinghamshire has been closed after a burst water main caused it to overflow.
On Thursday's front pages, the News Letter is dedicated to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The husband of a dentist who was arrested on suspicion of her murder has said the last few days have been "the worst of my life".
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been charged with the murder of a teenager who was fatally shot by officers responding to reports of an underage drinking incident.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about terrorism during a speech to a university in Bangladesh has gone viral on social media.
British rower David Pitcher has set his sights on breaking the world record for the longest trans-Atlantic solo voyage.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal came from behind to beat Sweden and reach the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Five British men arrested in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The provincial capital of Helmand in northern Afghanistan, Kunduz, has been under Taliban control for more than a year.
Football saved the lives of hundreds of British prisoners of war during World War Two, according to one former POW.
It's that time of year again, when hundreds of thousands of people descend on Glastonbury for one of the UK's biggest festivals.
More than 100 people had to be rescued from the roof of a four-star hotel after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Birmingham.
An international tribunal has ordered Ivory Coast and Ghana to halt oil drilling in the disputed West African Sea.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while on the M4, M40 and M27 in the last year, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans' rape trial has begun.
Full-back Stuart Hogg's exit from the British and Irish Lions tour was disappointing.
A conservation group has called on the Scottish government to take "swift action" following the discovery of a family of beavers in the Highlands.
Two men have been found on the roof of a prison cell in Bridgend.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the Championship club after only eight games in charge.
The former chief executive of a children's services company has been accused of "bullying" staff.
Up to 1,000 solar panels are to be installed on homes in Kirklees in a bid to reduce fuel poverty.
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) for failing to create a long-term strategy for British tennis.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" for the club's players this season, according to assistant manager Keith Richards.
Olympic long jump champion Greg Rutherford apologised to his mum and dad after missing out on a place in the final round of qualifying for the World Championships.
The verdict of accidental death in the 1989 Hillsborough disaster does not amount to criminal liability, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The RSPCA is appealing for information after a pony was found dead at an "extremely remote" property in Kent.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who arrived in the UK before the EU-Turkey deal are to be eligible for resettlement, the government has announced.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has defended his decision to shave off his beard.
Dance group The Chemical Brothers have topped the UK album chart for the second week running.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of economic and social reforms aimed at reviving the country's economy.
Six teams will compete for the hosting rights for the inaugural Women's Super League.
The number of students enrolled at further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in three years.
Tens of thousands of migrants are feared to have drowned after two boats capsized in the Mediterranean Sea.
A ceasefire in Syria has been in place since midnight on Thursday.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised the bravery of ex-footballer Andy Woodward after he revealed he was sexually abused as a child.
Plans for major improvements to Dundee's waterfront have been approved by councillors.
Ex-Ulster and Ireland international Steve Clarke has been appointed forwards coach by the Rugby Football Union.
Leeds Rhinos hooker Ryan Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III says he was "in disbelief" when he named Bubba Watson as his vice-captain for this week's event.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "pray and hope" Mercedes do not impose restrictions on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg following their collision.
DNA samples belonging to 10 soldiers who died in World War One have been confirmed as those of one of the dead.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov were on target as Ukraine reached the Euro 2016 play-offs with victory over Slovenia.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they lost 26-17 to Exeter, according to head coach Jonathan Rees.
A major stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has reopened.
Match of the Day kicks off today on BBC Radio 5 live.
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than men because of her sex.
Too many young people in the UK are not getting the mental health support they need, warns a new report.
An Israeli man suspected of carrying out a series of attacks in Tel Aviv last month has been shot dead.
A man has been jailed for six-and-a-half years after being found guilty of attempting to murder a man with a knife.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her ex-boyfriend and dismember his body has raised more than $50m (Â£40m) in cash and pledged to repay the money.
The number of nursery staff taking GCSE courses in England has fallen, campaigners have warned.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the US economy is "close to maximum employment and price stability".
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power reported a fall in full-year profits.
A few years ago, I met one of my best friends online.
A young black woman has become the first black woman to win a Black History Month award.
An 18-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Falkirk.
Joe Root has been named as the new captain of England, replacing Alastair Cook.
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting to demand an apology from a police force over its handling of a terror training exercise in Manchester.
Star Wars actor John Boyega will be giving back to a theatre in Peckham, East Sussex.
Dundee maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a comfortable win over Ross County.
Women born in the 1950s and 60s should be offered apprenticeships, the pensions minister has said during a Commons debate.
One of Ceredigion's best-known examples of Gothic Revival architecture is set to receive £1m of lottery funding.
Institute Football Club's home ground in Drumahoe, County Londonderry, has been damaged by flooding on Tuesday night.
Notts County have appointed BBC Radio Nottingham presenter David Fletcher as chief executive.
Germany has tightened its border controls to cope with a huge influx of asylum seekers.
The impact of climate change on the Indian monsoon is being investigated by scientists.
Hundreds of Kenyan medical staff have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions in public hospitals.
The bodies of three US marines have been recovered after an aircraft crashed off the coast of Australia.
The SSPCA has appealed for information after an escaped corn snake was found in a park in Londonderry.
The first of eight Royal Navy warships to be built on the Clyde is to be delivered next summer, the defence secretary has said.
Four people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Soldiers from the Royal Welch Fusiliers have marched through Conwy county to mark the centenary of the Battle of Kashmir.
More than 100 Indian nurses who had been trapped in Iraq for more than a week have been freed by Islamic State militants.
Craig Anderson says he is "not bothered" by Rangers midfielder Kiernan's claim that he was punched in the ribs during their Scottish Cup tie.
Huddersfield Town's promotion to League Two is the "beginning of a resurgence", according to owner Barry Sweet.
Livingston came from two goals down to draw with Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has ruled out giving his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria.
Archaeologists have reconstructed the face of a man believed to have lived in the Copper Age.
Chipotle Mexican Grill may have been linked to an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials have confirmed.
The mother of a teenage girl who went missing from her home in Chicago has said she fears for her life after a video of her daughter being sexually assaulted was posted on Facebook.
When Tsai Ing-wen took over as leader of Taiwan's pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 2008, it was widely seen as a victory for Taiwan's independence.
Defending champion Andy Murray and British number one James Ward are both through to the last 32 of the Nottingham Open.
Chancellor George Osborne will be "a disgrace" if he pulls the plug on the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, an MP has said.
The RSPCA in Wales had a "very busy" year in 2015, the charity has said.
Formula 1 returns to the track in Australia for the first time this season.
Armed police have searched a coach on the M6 toll carriageway in Staffordshire.
Four London councils have spent more than £500,000 on legal action against the building of a third runway at Heathrow Airport.
Torrential rain and high winds have caused severe flooding in parts of northern Germany and northern Sweden.
The bodies of five French Resistance fighters have been interred at the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
A 70-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being sexually assaulted at her home in East Kilbride.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead going into the final round of the US PGA Championship at Augusta National.
Plans to allow gay and bisexual men in Northern Ireland to apply for posthumous pardons have moved a step closer.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been banned from teaching.
A popular motoring event in Coventry has been axed due to funding cuts.
Nine police forces are investigating claims of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor reached the PDC World Championship semi-finals for the first time with victory over Peter Wright in the first round of play-offs.
There are more than a quarter of a million disabled people in the UK who need a Changing Places toilet, according to the charity Mencap.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria.
There is a "culture of inequality" between vocational and academic pathways to work, the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee says.
Ten search engines in China have joined forces with the government to crack down on online fraud.
Video replays could soon be used in United States football.
Hosts Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea for this summer's Under-20 World Cup.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something you've seen or heard in the news, you might want to talk to your parents or friends about it.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week.
Venezuela says it has deployed 17,000 troops to the border with Colombia in an effort to stop the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland is one of the world's largest media markets.
British number one Johanna Konta is out of Wimbledon after losing 6-4 6-3 to Milos Raonic in the quarter-finals.
Plans for a new supermarket on Merthyr Tydfil's former Butterley Brickworks site have been given the go-ahead.
Wales Under-18 wing James Botham has made his international debut for the national side.
Britain's Michael Matthews beat defending champion Chris Froome to win stage 11 of the Tour de France.
If you have been sexually abused by Jimmy Savile in the 1980s or 1990s, you may be able to contact police.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they have begun the process of pulling out heavy weapons from the line of contact with each other.
Royal Mail has warned of an "urgent need" for a new regulatory framework to protect the country's postal service.
Daniel Radcliffe says he is "one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Five Russian civilians wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the Order of Courage by the Kremlin for their sacrifices in the conflict.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to be "full-strength" when they face New Zealand on Saturday.
The director general of Philippine police, Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated over allegations of abuse of young police cadets, his office says.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid at the Nou Camp.
British number one Johanna Konta has had her Fed Cup play-off against Romania interrupted after Romanian player Victor Nastase was sent off for "serious misconduct".
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the 2016-17 season.
Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of Bradford City goalkeeper Tom Jones until the end of the season.
At least 11 people have been killed in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, police say.
A 15-year-old girl has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by former England footballer Adam Johnson after meeting him in his car.
Two-time IndyCar world champion Justin Wilson has died in a crash at the United States Grand Prix.
An eight-year-old girl who was seriously injured in a two-car crash in Ceredigion has been named by police.
Belfast boxer James Barnes was stopped in his professional debut after being knocked out in the fifth round by Viktor Slavchev.
Theresa May says she is confident US President-elect Donald Trump will be able to sign a trade deal with the UK.
The latest official estimate of the UK's gross domestic product (GDP) - the measure of the strength of the economy - does not necessarily mean it is in recession.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online resource to help schools tackle the attainment gap.
Greece says it will not take Britain to court over its refusal to return the Bronze Age Marbles.
Social security spending in England and Wales has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms over the past five years, according to a think tank.
Albania boosted their chances of qualifying for Euro 2016 with a comfortable victory over Armenia.
Councils across Scotland are to review the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire in west London.
Watford extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points as Odion Ighalo's hat-trick secured victory over struggling Newcastle.
Plans for a major redevelopment of Pembrokeshire's seafront have been unveiled.
One of Ukraine's most prominent pro-Western politicians, Alexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead at his home in the capital, Kiev.
The former adviser to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has written a scathing account of his time in office, describing him as a "pretentious seducer subjugated by his conquests".
Wrexham are interested in re-signing former Plymouth Argyle striker Josh Harvey.
An exhibition celebrating the life of Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley has opened at Walmer Castle.
People who spend more time in aquariums are happier when they are surrounded by more biodiversity, a study suggests.
Easyjet, the UK's second-biggest airline, is developing drones that can be fitted with high-definition video cameras and laser scanners.
A new trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
PepsiCo is to close its factory in East Durham with the loss of 355 jobs.
One of Spain's best known music studios has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Russian authorities have visited dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) over the past week.
The use of the swine flu jab has been linked to narcolepsy, according to new research.
US universities have risen to the top of a global university league table for the first time, but there are warnings that UK regional universities are slipping away.
Two giant Welsh dragons have arrived at Caernarfon Castle to celebrate St David's Day.
A bank manager who embezzled more than Â£4,000 from clients has been given a payback order.
Parents in Australia should be required to vaccinate their children, the prime minister has said.
Oscar Pérez, the Venezuelan forensic police officer who carried out an attack on a court in Caracas on Tuesday, is one of the country's most wanted men.
The SNP has been chosen to chair two key committees in the UK Parliament.
Scientists say they have sequenced the genome of a tree which is resistant to a deadly fungus that has wiped out most of the UK's ash trees.
It's that time of the year again.
Residents in San Francisco are suing the city for failing to pay their taxes - after the street was sold at auction last year.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed Gateshead in the National League.
Two climbers have been reported missing on the Matterhorn in Switzerland.
Paris St-Germain striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four matches after being sent off in Sunday's Serie A defeat by Napoli.
Smoking has become one of the most talked about topics on social media.
Bristol's Bracknell Forest forensic hospital has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Restrictions on alcohol pricing in England and Wales should be scrapped, peers have said.
Plans for a £1bn surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Corey Kluber gave the Cleveland Indians a 2-0 win over the Chicago Cubs in Game One of the World Series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo says he feels "really sorry" for his performance in Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix.
Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) supporters have called for Leicester City to be fined and banned from Brighton's King Power Stadium.
Police are investigating reports that a bonfire in east Belfast has been deliberately set alight.
If Donald Trump is going to win the US presidential election, it's going to have to be in the mid-west.
Mariya Purve-Jorendal is an Indian woman who has been searching for her mother for almost 40 years.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in final practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who murdered women in Greater Manchester and Yorkshire could be moved to a high-security prison, the BBC understands.
Powys council has voted in favour of changing a secondary school in Powys to an English-medium school.
Tom DeLonge is no longer with Blink 182.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after getting stuck in a hole in a car tyre in Northamptonshire.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says striker Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean".
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye says she will accept an investigation into her handling of a corruption scandal.
A 20-year-old man has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a three-year old boy.
More than 100,000 people have signed an e-petition calling for Parliament to debate the issue of the death penalty.
A three-year-old boy has died in a farm accident in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for shooting dead his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.
The owners ofunsfold Park in Waverley have lost a High Court battle over the use of the site for flight testing.
Oxford United have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup second-round tie against Newcastle United, including midfielder Michael Appleton.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed a deal with China's biggest e-commerce site, JD.com, in an effort to boost its presence in the country.
There will be a rebellion against the Welsh government over plans to give tax powers to the assembly without a referendum, the first minister has said.
UKIP has set out its plans for a dedicated veterans' minister for the UK in the run-up to the general election.
A round-up of some of the most notable and controversial figures from the entertainment industry this week.
Prime Minister David Cameron is "hardening" his stance on subsidies to the renewable energy industry.
A service to mark the centenary of the deaths of 11 Welsh soldiers in World War One is being held in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Jamie Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the Olympic men's badminton semi-finals in Rio.
It has been a turbulent few days for London Underground.
Coventry City fans are being warned not to take part in "anti-social and illegal acts" following violent scenes at the weekend.
China has pledged to work with the US and North Korea on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula "in a peaceful manner".
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has been awarded a £500,000 grant to help fund the reconstruction of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
A Staffordshire air ambulance doctor who was photographed rescuing passengers trapped on a rollercoaster has thanked David Beckham.
A High Court judge has ruled that Northern Ireland's environment minister Peter Durkan breached his legal duties in dealing with a controversial planning blueprint.
Portsmouth have re-signed defender Drew Talbot on a one-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Spire.
Hartlepool United head coach David Hignett says he is "walking into a positive situation" following the appointment of a new manager.
George Cole, who was best known for his role as a cockney smuggler in The Belles of St Trinian's, has died aged 91.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday following the Bank of England's decision not to raise interest rates.
About 36,000 firefighters in England and Wales are set to go on strike in a dispute over pensions and pensions.
"Every home and business that wants fast broadband will get it."
Colombia has launched an investigation into the activities of a secret office set up to monitor peace talks between the government and the Farc rebel group.
The Football Association has appointed a new director of women's football for England.
Former Manchester United striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in the club's Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been threatened with a box of money during a robbery at a bank in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal as he began his first day in office.
The funeral of a couple killed in the Tunisian beach attack has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear dating back to 1891 are expected to fetch up to 10,000 pounds when they are auctioned.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with the way the referee dealt with a player who was sent off during his side's 4-2 defeat by Moldova.
Ex-Wales football pundit Dean Saunders will have to pay his parking charges if his team win Euro 2016.
Mark Wilson said he set a new world record of five tons as he broke the German Open record with a 6-2 victory in the quarter-finals.
Shrinking products such as toilet paper and ice creams have been put on the list of the UK's most under-shrinked products.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found on a towpath in West Yorkshire may have suffered "deep trauma", police have said.
Britain's Chris Froome lost the leader's yellow jersey on stage 15 of the Tour de France as Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory.
The government has revealed most of its preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line in South Yorkshire.
Chesterfield extended their lead at the top of League One to seven points with victory at Barnsley.
French energy giant EDF has said it expects approval from the government for a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
The carcass of a fin whale has been found on a Norfolk beach.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman who was prevented from flying to the United States because of new US visa rules has criticised them as "very unfair".
Schools in Wales are not giving enough support to able and talented pupils, an education watchdog has said.
A man who bit off part of a colleague's ear with his teeth has been jailed for five years.
Health workers in Australia are being threatened with up to two years in prison if they reveal protected information about their treatment of asylum seekers.
Neil Gaiman's The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named National Book of the Year.
Have you ever wondered who's better at baking?
An investigation is under way into the management of a cancer hospital in Greater Manchester, health regulator Monitor has said.
The fossilised remains of Calvapilosa, a mollusc that lived 520 million years ago, have been revealed by scientists.
Independent News & Media is looking to move out of its premises in Belfast city centre.
The families of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march in Powys have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has refused to accept a recommendation to remove their immunity from prosecution.
A man has been arrested in connection with the theft of a car valued at more than £20,000.
Plaid Cymru's former presiding officer Lord Elis-Thomas has said there is a "serious constitutional challenge" facing the Welsh Government.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has shaken up the world of first-date communication.
Politicians in the US and Europe are using "us versus them" rhetoric to promote their own agendas, Amnesty International says.
There has been a lot of talk about junior doctors' strike action in England over the next few days.
Bath are in talks to sign Wales lock Luke Charteris from Racing 92, BBC Wales understands.
Some of the notebooks and diaries of World War One poet Edward Thomas are in "very poor condition", a university has said.
Worcestershire batsman Matt Machan hit his first century of the season to put his side in a strong position against Sussex at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi says Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola could make a "big revolution" in English football.
More than 1,000 patients have been delayed in hospital in the past three months, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels will face "tough punishment" if they attack trains, India's railways minister has said.
Knitting is "in Cambridge's DNA" as the city prepares to host the Tour de France, a cycling enthusiast has said.
A man has been charged with wasting police time in connection with an alleged sexual assault in Londonderry.
Tunisia's tourism industry is under serious threat, with tens of thousands of holidaymakers heading for Manchester on emergency flights.
A Florida man accused of starting a fire at a mosque that killed 49 people in June is a convicted arsonist, authorities say.
Volunteers who look after bothies in the Cairngorms have been asked to help clean up the mountain bothies.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory at Wakefield.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has extended his contract with the Premiership club until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, his family has confirmed.
Celtic maintained their 100% start to the Scottish Premiership season with an emphatic victory over Partick Thistle.
Raith Rovers maintained their unbeaten start to the Scottish League Two season with victory over Montrose.
Championship side Burnley have re-signed Burnley midfielder Josh Jones on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £20,000 from a fraudulent account.
Bradford City have re-signed Bradford City left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump says he would impose a border wall with Mexico if elected.
A second Conservative AM will not be re-selected for South Wales East in May's assembly election, the party has announced.
Bairns manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish League Manager of the Year award.
A celebrity who wants to publish an account of his alleged extra-marital affairs to the Sun on Sunday has been given more time to apply for a permanent injunction.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has come under fire over the reshuffle of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks to sell the Championship club.
The head of a lion shot dead in Zimbabwe is to be mounted in a glass case as a memorial to the animal's killers, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Substitute Nicky Ajose scored a stoppage-time penalty to earn Charlton a point at Gillingham.
Hundreds of thousands of high earners are set to lose child benefit as part of government plans to reduce the deficit.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Alan Curtis has stepped down as Swansea City first-team coach.
Children's football matches have been cancelled after caravans were parked next to changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower will not sparkle on Monday night, the French government has said, after the Paris attacks in which 129 people were killed.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup because of "uncertainty" over the club's future.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan by seven wickets at Lord's to reach the One-Day Cup quarter-finals.
The chief executive of a hospital criticised by the health watchdog has told MPs he is "not ashamed of himself" over the way it was rated.
Police have released CCTV images of a woman and a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Londonderry.
The number of dog attacks by police in Wales has fallen to its lowest level in four years, figures have shown.
Heather Rabbatts is to step down as chairman of the Football Association after five years in the role.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest one-day international century of his career as England beat Pakistan by six wickets in the third match of their four-match series in Abu Dhabi.
The families of a couple killed when their car crashed into a group of cyclists have paid tribute to them.
The chief executive of a Peebles-based tyre-factory, which was founded by a former Kwik-Fit customer, has agreed to sell the business to Michelin.
Conservationists have criticised a draft Welsh Government report on the future of national parks.
Surrey seam bowler Danny Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Google has unveiled virtual buttons at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A group of fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the Aberdeenshire coast.
Poland's centre-right Civic Platform party has won parliamentary elections for the first time.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he fears the US election will be rigged.
An inquest into the death of an 18-month-old boy after an optometrist failed to spot his swollen optic discs has been opened and adjourned.
Burton Albion boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship with victory over Birmingham City.
Salford Red Devils scrum-half Matt Garbutt has accepted a two-game touchline ban and apologised to his team-mates.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater, Somerset, for a yachtsman who went missing last month.
Falkirk and Clackmannanshire councils have been given £30m to invest in social housing.
Kent batsman Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season to put his side in a strong position against Derbyshire.
A man has been arrested in connection with a sexual assault in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and writer Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on the life of a diamond miner.
Plans for an extension of the London Underground have been given the go-ahead.
Cross-border rail services between Wales and England are likely to be placed into other franchises, the transport secretary has said.
Astronaut Tim Peake and his team have found a hidden Space Invaders game on the International Space Station.
Suspected Islamist militants have attacked a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, killing at least 20 people.
A 53-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Angus.
A Bangladeshi man who says he lost all hope of returning home when he was caught trying to cross the border from Pakistan to India has been reunited with his family.
Security software firm mSpy has admitted that up to 400,000 customer details have been exposed in a massive data leak.
Twitter's boss told Newsbeat the site should do more to tackle abuse on the site.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has asked Fifa for access to an investigation into alleged bribery at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
McLaren chairman and chief executive Ron Dennis has been told by his fellow shareholders that he will step down at the end of the season.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo says it has proof that former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
A third migrant has died trying to cross the English Channel.
Mohamed Yafai retained his IBF super-flyweight title with a unanimous points decision in Birmingham.
The opening hours of a Hampshire country park have been changed following a campaign.
A Sinn Féin MLA has issued an apology to a former Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) MP following a tweet in which he asked him to reveal how many people he harassed and shot.
The Pakistan Intelligence Service (ISP) says it is "an embarrassment" that it failed to capture Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda compound.
A US teenager is taking legal action against his university after he posted drone videos on YouTube, US media report.
London's Elephant and Castle junction has been closed to traffic for the first time in more than a decade as part of a £25m road transformation.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and Paul Stirling hit centuries as Middlesex cruised to a seven-wicket win over Kent at Lord's.
Markets in Asia were mixed on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of next week's US interest rate decision.
Iran's moderate and reformist parties have won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections.
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha is right to bring Bruno Alves to the Ibrox club, according to former Scotland defender Ian McCarthy.
Mae Gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed am gartref Hedd Wyn yn Nhrawsfynydd.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash at the Eastern Centre Championship.
More than 800,000 pharmacists in India are going on strike in a dispute over online drug sales.
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump and former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin are set to share the spotlight on Tuesday when the two are expected to announce their support for each other.
The owner of one of Wales' most famous gardens says he is "devastated" by the floods which have wiped out many of its plants.
When Nick Griffin resigned as leader of the British National Party (BNP), it was widely seen as a turning point in his fortunes.
Pupils are being taught how to cope with the stress of moving from primary to secondary school.
Two people have been arrested in connection with the theft of a sheep painted on a street in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a new deal for Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
An Isle of Man businessman has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) as part of its investigation into the sale of Northern Ireland property loans to US investment firm Nama.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed Aston Villa's Jordan Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
It's not every day you get the chance to introduce a bill to the House of Commons.
The US state department has said it will release funds from Iran's interim nuclear deal with six world powers.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 71-62 by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the deaths of four police officers in Dallas, Texas.
An Australian plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Papua New Guinea because of a snake on its wing.
German media group Axel Springer is buying online news site Business Insider for an undisclosed sum.
Families in Warrington are being offered free transport to a community leisure centre as part of an initiative to encourage them to take up sport.
The European Space Agency's Kepler telescope has made some amazing discoveries since it launched in 2009.
The DSPCA is investigating an attempt to smuggle more than 100 puppies into the Republic of Ireland in crates.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused the government of being "completely mad" to be giving out-of-work benefits to migrants from Eastern Europe.
Durham University is planning to demolish a Grade II-listed building in the centre of the city.
An amateur astronomy group has won an award for the best place in the Cotswolds to view the night sky.
A body has been found by a member of the public searching for a missing man from Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop powered to victory in the first practice session of the Ulster Grand Prix on Friday.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", according to a report.
ScotRail and Aslef have been accused of "shambolic and amateur industrial relations" after the operator announced plans to cut services on Sundays.
Hungary will not backtrack on its controversial higher education laws, Foreign Minister Beata Szijjarto has said.
When you look at Jesus, the homeless, the first thing you notice is how bare his feet are.
A security flaw in Topps' payment card systems has exposed the details of more than 200,000 customers' credit and debit card numbers.
India thrashed South Africa by seven wickets in Nagpur to take a 3-0 lead in the three-match series.
The number of motorists caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has more than doubled in a year.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked in Caerphilly county.
Council-owned cemeteries in Oxford have run out of suitable land for burial, the council has said.
Singer Chris Brown has been shot dead at a party in California.
The US Air Force is set to resume a deal with Nigeria over the sale of its most advanced combat aircraft, US officials say.
MPs in Northern Ireland have backed an amendment to make it easier for women to get abortions based on the sex of their foetus.
Plans for 4,000 new garden villages in Surrey have been given the go-ahead.
Food security around the world is at risk because of the impact of climate change, the UN's food agency has warned.
A man who defrauded arts organisations out of more than £100,000 has been jailed for three years at Cardiff Crown Court.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he does not know whether or not John Terry will continue to play for the club.
Northern Ireland is better off staying in the European Union than leaving it, UUP leader Gavin Robinson has said.
Afghanistan's top counter-terrorism officer, Gen Zafar Zahir, has resigned following a series of deadly attacks in the capital Kabul.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to reach more than 14,000 by 2035, according to a new report.
Some of the UK's most threatened butterflies could be wiped out as a result of global warming up to 2100, a study suggests.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry in Dumfries and Galloway.
More than 300 jobs are to be created at a Cardiff-based software firm.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most unusual stories of 2016.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man in Essex.
A father and son have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham is the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to new figures.
Tony Ball is to host the nominations for this year's Olivier Awards.
A tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 300th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
A couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand had planned to celebrate their 50th birthdays together, their daughter has said.
Scotland's small and medium-sized businesses are in a stronger position than a year ago, according to restructuring firm KPMG.
Cavan, Monaghan and Fermanagh have all made changes to their squad for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A police officer has been jailed for five years for giving information to a drug dealer he met at a gym.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing his landlord to death with a microwave oven.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Newsnight looks at how Islam has changed over the past 20 years.
An East Lothian man who had been missing in India for more than a month has been found safe and well.
Patient safety in the NHS's 999 and 111 phone lines will be "stabilised" due to a lack of staff, a report has said.
Mansfield Town striker Chris Green says he was left "desperately disappointed" by his departure at the end of last season.
UK Sport and GB Taekwondo are at loggerheads over claims of poor medical care, according to the Daily Mirror.
Glamorgan top scorer David Lloyd hit a career-best century as they drew with Sussex in the One-Day Cup at Hove.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man has been given a suspended jail term for borrowing and loaning more than £33,000 to his victims.
A senior Jamaican anti-doping officer has told the BBC he fears the worst for the country's athletes.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new coach of Serie A champions Juventus.
Shrewsbury kept their League One play-off hopes alive with victory at struggling Blackpool.
If the UK voted to leave the European Union, there would be no better time to invest in the UK's infrastructure than now.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos to a military cemetery in Manila.
Four people have been arrested on suspicion of slavery offences in a series of raids across the West Midlands.
The number of people living in the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos has more than doubled in two years.
An elderly woman has been reunited with her old bike after it was stolen from a supermarket.
Relatives of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow have said they feel "calmer than I did before I went in".
Mario Balotelli has threatened to leave the pitch after being racially abused by AC Milan fans.
Two people who had to have their legs amputated after a rollercoaster crash in Staffordshire are to attend a charity event.
Alfred Hitchcock's classic thriller Vertigo has been voted the best film of all time by critics.
David Sweat, one of two US inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in New York, has been captured, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year as sales fell in key markets.
A fishing community in western Cambodia has become an eco-tourism destination thanks to an increase in the price of shrimp.
West Ham have completed the signing of Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, Republican presidential hopefuls have been discussing the implications of Wednesday's attacks.
Pictures by Susie Attwood / Modern Art Oxford
A man has appeared in court following the seizure of drugs with a street value in the region of Â£3,750.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says finishing top of their Euro 2016 group is a "fantastic feeling".
The number of teacher vacancies in northern Scotland is continuing to fall.
Oscar-winning actor George Clooney surprised residents at a care home with flowers and a card.
The cause of a sinkhole which closed a main road in Hertfordshire for more than a year is still unknown, a council has said.
Everton have confirmed the signing of Leicester City director of football Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jon Walters and Robbie Keane have been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifiers against Sweden and Belgium on Tuesday.
Saracens full-back Owen Farrell has signed a two-year contract extension with the Premiership club.
A postie who found a postcard in his doormat has said he thinks it might have fallen down the toilet.
Substitute Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon both scored in added time as Sutton beat Cheltenham to reach the FA Cup third round.
Photographs by Gareth Iwan Jones are to be published in June.
The former head of the Independent Inquiry into Torture Claims (IHAT) has said the government has "big lessons to learn" from its decision to close the unit.
The former governor of Nigeria's oil-rich Delta state, Ikechukwu Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges at his trial in London.
An "energetic and creative" job is under way at a Pembrokeshire hotel.
Full-back Tim Visser says Scotland will not be "half-hearted" when they face South Africa in their opening Pool B match at the Rugby World Cup.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a "mass breastfeeding protest" in Swansea in support of a mother who stopped to feed her baby in public.
Fleetwood reached the second round of the FA Cup thanks to a 4-1 extra-time win over League One side Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has secured relief in her legal challenge.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and musician Delia Derbyshire considers a suggestion for a musical blue plaque.
A group of doctors and public health professionals have urged voters to consider how the NHS in England has fared over the past five years.
The Mexican government says it has halted roadblocks in the southern state of Oaxaca in a bid to end months of anti-government protests.
A 7.2 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not resign from the government.
A £10,000 reward has been offered by Crimestoppers in memory of murdered schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Antonio Giaccherini and Pelle both scored twice as Italy beat Belgium to reach the quarter-finals of Euro 2016.
Rory McIlroy moved into a share of the lead at the Race to Dubai with a three-under-par second round of 66 in Dubai.
Olympic silver medallist Adam Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton.
More than 100 firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised to the family of a former Conservative MP whose body was sent to a Birmingham hospital for cremation.
Plans to create 15 new jobs in Cambridgeshire have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Mark Lapthorne reached his third Australian Open men's wheelchair doubles final with victory in the semi-finals in Melbourne.
Heavy snow has fallen across parts of northern England in the wake of last week's snowstorm.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing.
The chairman of the Airports Commission has accused the government of undermining the credibility of its report into Heathrow expansion.
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium could host a world title fight between heavyweight boxing champion Anthony Joshua and former world champion Joe Calzaghe, says chief executive Peter Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his players they need to change their mentality if they are to avoid relegation from the Championship.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have re-signed midfielder Chris Weston on a free transfer.
The former owner of BHS, the department store chain which closed last year, is to launch a new website to sell its products online.
When Joba Rani took out her first microfinance loan after her crops were destroyed in the recent floods in Bangladesh, she was shocked to discover that the banks were still collecting instalments on the loans.
The Obama administration is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention centre, the White House spokesman has said.
Thousands of Luas bus drivers in the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept a pay rise recommended by a Labour Court.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages over allegations he illegally traded oil with the Islamic State (IS) group.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling on the European Union and other countries to reject a deal that would allow international firms to sue governments.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the signing of former Bolton Wanderers striker Chris Holdsworth, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland.
Scientists say they have developed a gene editing technique that can reverse tumour growth.
Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", has been put up for sale.
The winner of the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize for Peace has been announced at a ceremony in Oslo.
Belfast Capitals moved to within one point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 2-1 victory over the Capitals on Friday night.
Katie Belcher secured Great Britain a place at the Rio Paralympics with a fifth-place finish in the K1 200m final at the European Championships in Milan.
An investigation is under way after a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers left three people seriously injured.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences in Sydney, Australia.
Australia's Border Force says seven asylum seekers who allegedly participated in unrest at its Christmas Island detention centre are on a charter flight.
Meat inspectors in the UK will no longer be able to check the carcasses of slaughtered pigs for disease under new European rules.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Dusan Dasilva on loan until the end of the season.
A mother and grandmother have been found guilty of neglect after a disabled teenager slipped out of his rubber ring during a swimming lesson.
At least 11 people have been killed after a building collapsed in the centre of Naples.
Gateshead have completed the signing of former Hartlepool United defender Chris Sweeney on a two-year deal.
Astronaut Tim Peake took to the stage in front of thousands of schoolchildren as he took part in the UK's first live spacewalk.
A "cowardly" man has been jailed for seriously injuring a three-month-old baby boy in Lancashire.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the winner of the world's most prestigious teaching award.
The leader of the "Northern Powerhouse" campaign has called on the Welsh assembly to give north Wales more power to work better with the cities of Greater Manchester.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed midfielder Gary Jones on a one-year deal following his release by Doncaster Rovers.
Adele has dominated this year's Grammys, beating Beyonce in the best album race.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat West Brom.
Plans for a divisional patent court in Scotland have been given the go-ahead by the UK government.
A dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globes has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles, police say.
Radiohead have released a new track for the new James Bond film.
Adam Jackson scored the only goal of the game as Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup.
Police officers in England and Wales received an overtime pay of more than £300,000 last year, figures obtained by BBC 5 live show.
Archaeologists have discovered walling at Edinburgh Castle dating back more than 1,000 years.
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Alberta is trying to save a school from closing.
An environmental permit has been revoked following a fire at a recycling plant in Manchester city centre.
The man who built the iPod, Apple's iPhone and Google's smartwatch is about to go head-to-head with Sir Jonathan Sir Jonathan.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini as the next Fifa president.
League One strugglers Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Gillingham.
Plans for Andy Murray's new golf and tennis facility in Stirlingshire have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA is warning people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs.
Ed Miliband has always been one of those people who can't please everyone.
A Russian fighter jet has made a series of low-altitude passes over the United States, US defence officials say.
App-based messaging service Snapchat says it has seen more than two billion views a day on its site.
Trying to reach customers using Three has been hit by a problem with the messaging service.
An all-boys public school in Sydney has banned students from clapping at assemblies.
One of Wales' four MEPs has been named the most likely candidate for the UK to leave the European Union.
Twenty years ago this month, the Daily Telegraph published an article about a sportsman who suffered from depression.
Welsh taekwondo star Jade Williams says winning gold at the European Championships is a "massive bonus".
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been stripped of his WBA world heavyweight title by American David Ortiz.
Members of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) have been barred from entering the headquarters of the football federation in Abuja.
Northern Ireland's rarest bird, the curlew, has been added to a list of British Birds of Conservation Concern 4.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to face Slovenia and Slovenia.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has been awarded the prestigious Goncourt Prize for Literature for his book The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in west London.
England's Daniel Levy is three shots off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Germany.
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
The US-led coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan says it has killed two Afghan soldiers in an insider attack.
New Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Pro12 semi-final against Edinburgh will be crucial in deciding who will make his final Scotland squad.
Port Vale manager Alan Smurthwaite says he expects a new deal to be offered to teenage goalkeeper Jordan Smith by Championship clubs.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in northern Colombia, officials say.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector has contracted for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Defender Armando Izzo scored an own goal as Serie A leaders Roma came from behind to beat Genoa.
Victims of World War II's "worst journey on earth" have been awarded medals by the Russian embassy in London.
Three men have been charged in connection with the discovery of an explosive device in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Taylor Swift's new album has topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row.
Human remains found on a slip road in West Sussex are being treated as suspicious, police have said.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen, the health ministry says.
For many parents, the idea of a free school meal in the day may seem like an unlikely option.
The UK's construction sector shrank less than initially thought in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's uncharacteristically undiplomatic comments about Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK are being scrutinised by Chinese state media.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham captain Dean Keates as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A Stirlingshire man has been jailed for six months after being caught with more than half a kilo of herbal cannabis.
Air pollution is one of the biggest health problems in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
An 11-year-old American boy has become an overnight sensation after performing at the Grammy Awards in New York.
A 52-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
Northern Ireland's first minister has called on her own politicians to take a stand and support a campaign for compensation from Germany over the Thalidomide scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has made some startling new observations about Comet 67P.
Leaders of the US Republican Party have withdrawn their support for presidential candidate Donald Trump after he said he could "grab them by the pussy".
An expert on the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has appeared in court in South Africa on fraud charges.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Andyomic says he is "disgraceful" to the sport and "disrespectful to the history of the sport" after his defeat by Alexander Zverev.
Barcelona forward Neymar has been ordered to pay 5.5m euros ($6.1m; Â£4.7m) in a tax fraud case.
Fidel Castro, the son of King George VI, has died at the age of 90.
A 13-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by four men in Blackburn.
The Samuel Johnson Prize for Science has been awarded to a book written by neuroscientist Daniel Silberman.
Goalscorer Alex Danson has been named in Great Britain's squad for their EuroHockey Championships against the Netherlands next week.
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has told the BBC that the discovery of a black beret in the house of his mother was a "moment in time".
The number of people in Northern Ireland who have travelled to the Republic of Ireland in recent days has risen sharply.
A County Tyrone man has been jailed for seven years for causing the death of his wife by careless driving.
Two Turkish men have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of Alan Kurdi, whose body was washed up on the Greek island of Kos.
South African scrum-half Thierry van Rooyen believes a Pro12 berth could help the Springboks gain financial stability in Europe.
Israel did not intend to cause "harm" to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 Gaza war, according to a new report by the military.
Scotland's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in Russia were dented on Friday night.
Wales' Nathan Cleverly says his WBA super-heavyweight title defence against Alexander Braehmer is a "must-win" for him.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill, including Coast Scene near Cannes and View From a Bathing Hut at the Miami Surf Club, has been accepted by the UK government.
It is Saturday morning in Manchester and the city is still reeling from the terror attack at the Arena that left 22 people dead.
An elderly woman has been robbed at knifepoint by a man wielding a crowbar, police have said.
Rapper Tinie Tempah sits at the front desk of Ritchie Ritchie's recording studio in Peckham, east London.
Aquascutum, one of Britain's best-known fashion brands, is set to be sold.
Customers at a cash machine in North Lanarkshire have received double the amount of money they were asked to withdraw.
An Oxford University building is to be closed while experts carry out remedial works following the discovery of asbestos in the air.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
More than 7,000 new doctor training places will be created in England over the next five years, the government says.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points with victory at Bath.
Championship side Yeovil Town have signed Ospreys' Sam Kashket and Southampton's Jordan Gape for undisclosed fees.
The return of a manager to the English Football League for the first time in more than 30 years is a rite of passage for many managers.
A woman has said she was "bombarded with affection and compliments" after receiving more than £300,000 in "lovebombed" messages online.
A court in Japan has ruled that women should be able to take their husband's surname after marriage.
Ospreys will find out next week if a "glitch" in their recent form will cause them to take a step back in the Pro12 play-off places.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Ben Read hopes this year's One-Day Cup semi-final will be the county's year of success.
The Strictly Come Dancing finalist has revealed how he ended 2016 "on a high no matter what".
US Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney is in the final stages of deciding who to run for the White House.
The amount of opium poppy grown in Afghanistan has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that no child should be taken out of school without good reason.
Claims that former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath sexually abused children in Salisbury in the 1980s have been dismissed.
The ban on blood donations from gay men has been in place in many parts of the UK for years.
Saracens have completed the signing of hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept the terms of the country's €7.2bn (£5.3bn) bailout.
It's been almost three years since England made history by winning the World Twenty20.
Worcestershire and Lancashire played out a rain-affected One-Day Cup Group Two draw after rain washed out play.
Plans to reduce the Six Nations to a six-week tournament are "indiscriminate" with players' health, says Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Gareth Davies.
A body has been recovered during a search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is set to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and pharmacists could be recruited to help cover the growing shortage of doctors in England, a report has suggested.
More than 3,000 people, including children, have been evacuated from rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo after a fresh ceasefire came into effect.
At least 140 Libyan soldiers have been killed in an attack on an airbase in the east of the country, officials say.
How much would you have to pay back over the next three years?
Labour's shadow education secretary Kirsty Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet.
England will take on Scotland in a two-legged play-off at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the relationship between the US and Russia is at a "low point".
It's been a year since Cheshire became part of the Northern Powerhouse.
A County Antrim man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following an attack at a hotel in north Belfast.
Kenya and Uganda say their troops in Somalia have not been paid a $1m (Â£770,000) stipend due to them this year.
An Australian man and a 14-year-old girl have been arrested in Sydney as part of an anti-terrorism operation.
The US space agency, Nasa, has developed a device that can change shape and size.
Ringo-Billed gulls have been shown to be resistant to the E. coli bug.
A bird of prey has been shot in the head in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is facing an onslaught of new members who are determined to challenge him.
Police have been asked to apply for extra powers in the run-up to the Champions League final.
One of Cambodia's leading environmental campaigners has won the Goldman Environmental Prize.
Christian Eriksen scored a stoppage-time penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium.
Girls as young as 10 are the most likely to become child brides in developing countries, according to a new report by Save the Children.
England international Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One club Sunderland.
British author William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has admitted having sex with a schoolgirl.
This year's winner of a pumpkin seed competition has been named the world's heaviest pumpkin.
McLaren chief executive Jean Boullier says his team are "fighting for a podium" at this season's Formula 1 season.
David Cameron has accused Labour and the Liberal Democrats of trying to undermine his government's childcare plans.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused of being "too soft on extremists", Plaid Cymru's leader has said.
Leyton Orient midfielder Ben Watson has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a leg injury.
There was a crowd of about 500 people gathered outside Chelmsford Civic Theatre on Tuesday evening.
Munster will investigate whether they broke concussion management rules in their European Champions Cup victory over Glasgow.
MSPs are to hold a public inquiry into the payment of returning officers to Scottish councils.
Detectives investigating the death of a 52-year-old man in Stevenson are appealing for witnesses.
Samantha Sen is an avid shopper.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" by the club's lack of signings this summer.
Northern Ireland's environment minister has been accused of breaching a ministerial code by unilaterally approving plans for a John Lewis store in Belfast.
Gloucestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket victory over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway have agreed to seek committee approval for a flood protection scheme.
Farmers in England are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
An 80-year-old woman has become the first woman to complete the London Marathon.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of "political football of the worst kind" over the future of a North West Leicestershire by-election.
Michael Johnston is to step down as Kilmarnock chairman and majority shareholder following the death of his wife Joanne.
More than 100 men from around the country have attended a conference in Sheffield calling for men to report domestic violence (GBH) to police.
Everton made a winning start to their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over Krasnodar, despite being held to a goalless draw at Goodison Park.
Jockey Stephen Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae in training.
Millions of people across the UK have voted in the general election.
Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare wants to stay at the club "for the long term", according to the club's players.
The SDLP has called for an urgent inquiry into the number of unaccompanied children who are missing in Northern Ireland.
Belgium's Prime Minister Charles de Gaulle has declared a national day of national mourning for victims of Monday's attacks in Paris.
Motorists faced delays on the M25 near Birmingham after a Jet2 flight made an emergency landing.
US drama Breaking Bad is to return to UK TV screens for the first time in more than a decade.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Paul Haldane, has warned that interest rates may have to "move off either foot depending on which way the data break".
Leicestershire Speedway are set to stay in business for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty has risen for the first time in more than a decade, according to a government report.
Volunteers have been called in to help restore an 18th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
Victims of child sexual abuse in Rotherham have told the BBC they are being targeted by a gang of young men.
Sam Allardyce says he is determined to make England feel better as they prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Witton railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has dismissed proposals for a permanent joint European military headquarters.
The bodies of five people killed in a helicopter crash in the Rhinog mountains have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour's appointment as the new leader of the Afghan Taliban marks a significant milestone in the fight against the Taliban.
A cycle hire scheme has returned to Oxfordshire.
Colombia and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to set up an unarmed observer mission to monitor any ceasefire and disarmament.
A US appeals court has ruled that an uncredited sample of Madonna's Vogue should not be considered a copyright infringement.
Plans to build a new bypass through a Carmarthenshire town have been given the go-ahead.
King George's grand piano has been returned to the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economy grew faster than expected in the first three months of the year, the country's central bank has said.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its Android smartphone.
The life of British film director Sir David Attenborough is expected to fetch up to £30,000 at auction.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has apologised.
Labour would end the "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts in England and Wales, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison's decision to sell his 76% shareholding in Motherwell to a community group is a significant step forward for the Scottish Premiership club.
Blackpool football fans are being urged to help solve the unsolved murder of a schoolgirl more than a decade ago.
Regulated rail fares in England, Scotland and Wales have risen by 0.5% in July, according to the Rail Delivery Group (RDG).
Veterans with complex injuries are to be treated at an NHS rehabilitation centre in Surrey, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University has commissioned a series of portraits of people with disabilities in a bid to make them more visible in its public spaces.
Derbyshire head coach Danny Wilson is confident his side will return to the One-Day Cup next season despite their shock exit in the quarter-finals.
England football manager Mark Sampson has criticised the decision not to send a national team to the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Critics' Circle (NGC) awards.
Welsh poet Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award at the National Book Awards in Cardiff.
The British and Irish Lions will "take interest" in the Twenty20 series after Andrew Duckett and James Bell-Drummond struck centuries in their tri-series win over Northants, says former captain David Flower.
My collection of more than 25,000 matchbox labels is growing rapidly.
Olympic athletes and celebrities have been spotted with red circles on their skin, according to the British Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is "no reason" why the Bahrain Grand Prix should be cancelled.
Oscar-winning actress Michelle Dockery is to star alongside David West in Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Arsenal midfielder Tarek Hamed has been named in Egypt's 23-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage and a raft of talent for this year's event in County Down.
The scene of a gas explosion in which a man died was "almost like an airstrike", an inquest has heard.
A baker has made a special Harry Potter cake to celebrate JK Rowling's 100th birthday.
Dozens of shops in the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, have been looted as part of an ongoing food crisis, officials say.
A London lettings agency is claiming more than £11,000 in housing benefit, according to newly-released documents obtained by the BBC.
Scotland must be "smarter and clever" if they are to beat France at Twickenham on Saturday, according to head coach Alex Laidlaw.
As Australia prepares to become the first nation in the world to allow same-sex couples to marry, many business leaders are urging the government to consider the economic benefits of marriage equality.
South Korean lawmakers have broken the record for the longest filibustering session in parliamentary history.
It's one of the biggest sporting events of the year - the Formula 1 season kicks off this weekend.
The Royal Mint has issued 2,013 commemorative coins to celebrate the birth of a child.
Japan and South Korea have held high-level talks in Tokyo in a bid to improve ties between the two countries.
England midfielder Michael Carrick faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines after suffering an ankle injury against Spain, Roy Hodgson has confirmed.
An inquest into the death of schoolgirl Alice Gross is to examine whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a judge has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of North Africa's most powerful militant groups.
An SNP MP who found an abandoned toy bunny at the Palace of Westminster has returned it to the House of Commons.
A US woman has been ordered by a judge to hand over her fingerprint sensor to the government in order to decrypt data on her iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila believes his side still have a chance of reaching the Europa League quarter-finals.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
WBA light-welterweight champion John McDonnell will make his return to the UK for the first time in four years on Saturday.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the governor of the Bank of England decided to extend his time as its governor by just one year.
A review into end-of-life care in England is likely to recommend that the Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP) should be scrapped.
Four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a homeless man in his own home.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of stealing more than 3m credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in what the RSPCA described as a "shocking and completely senseless" attack.
One of the world's longest-living wild pelicans, Lanky, has died at his home in New Zealand.
Boys have overtaken girls in top A-level grades for the first time in England, official results show.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to vaccinate their children against measles following an outbreak at a nursery.
Macedonia's President Aleksandar Ivanov has said he wants to "cut a knot" in the country's political scandal.
A new route has been taken to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo.
A Russian state was likely to have been involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, an inquiry has heard.
More than 1.4 million more children are now in "good" or "outstanding" schools in England, Philip Hammond has said in his Autumn Statement.
The use of cashless payments to pay for school meals in Wales must stop, an AM has said.
A new approach to fighting the HIV virus has been shown to be safe and effective in humans.
Seven police officers have been questioned after a prisoner suffered serious hand injuries while in custody.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's fastest growing emerging economies, thanks to its high rate of growth and low unemployment.
Dover Athletic have been granted permission to sign former Barnet and Eastleigh player David N'Gala.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley said he was "grateful" for Kane Hemmings after the striker scored his 25th goal of the season.
The Royal British Legion is asking people to "rethink" the way they think about veterans as part of a campaign to raise funds for the Poppy Appeal.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow edged into the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup with victory over Ross County.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US and Canada box office on its opening weekend.
Tony Award-winning composer Andrew Lloyd Webber says he feels like he is "back when I'm started" with musicals.
An app that would alert people to the risks posed by natural disasters could be developed by a university student.
Glamorgan's David Miller hit a career-best half-century as they beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Daniel Berners-Lee looks back at the most viral videos and memes of 2015.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found stabbed to death in Bridgend county.
At least 12 people have been killed in two separate attacks in the French capital, Paris.
The Duke of Edinburgh's diary will come to an end in August, Buckingham Palace has announced.
Plans to demolish a block of flats in Wrexham have been approved by residents.
A man has told a court he was shot in the leg by a gunman wielding a stocking over his head.
It's been almost a year since Taylor Swift's last album was released.
Jenson Button says there is "a bit of a concern" about safety on the new Maku street circuit ahead of the Hungarian Grand Prix.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, says he has been stopped from entering the site of an impromptu protest against police brutality.
Police in Scotland have said they are "thrilled" by the success of their crackdown on organised crime.
Tickets for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out in less than 24 hours.
Former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong says he would "probably" race again in 2015 despite admitting he used performance-enhancing drugs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side are in a "fantastic position" ahead of their Euro 2016 quarter-final against Russia.
Racing in the Isle of Man TT is not easy.
Stephen Wells admits he is "a fair way" off his target this season but believes he has the mental concentration and defensive technique to succeed.
Plans to move a 1,000-year-old rock believed to have appeared on Chapel Hill have been shelved by a council.
A woman who raised more than £330,000 for disabled pensioner Richard Barnes has been charged with attempted murder.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside £3.1bn to settle claims it made during the financial crisis.
An 18th Century portrait of a Welsh nobleman has been bought by the National Trust for Wales.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be axed by the Welsh government if it cuts funding for non-protected services, councils have warned.
The South African Supreme Court's top judge has told the High Court in Johannesburg that it is time for the courts to take a break.
Turkish authorities have lifted a ban on women wearing headscarves in state institutions.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation by intelligence agency GCHQ for courses in cyber security.
A man has been jailed for eight years for murdering a 72-year-old woman whose body was found at a house in Norwich.
Violent clashes have erupted in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival factions over the conflict in Syria.
The family of a teenager who lost two teeth at a Gloucestershire mental health hospital say they were given mixed messages about what happened to him.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper Avram Marciano on a three-year contract.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe has died at the age of 82, his family has confirmed.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has criticised the UK government's investment agency for spending over £5,000 a year on travel to developing countries.
A man who spent 47 days in jail after being wrongly convicted of an IRA robbery has said he will continue fighting to his grave.
Labour and Plaid Cymru have rejected calls for an EU referendum to be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1.
Jules Bianchi's father says it is "impossible" that the Italian Formula 1 driver will survive a serious head injury sustained in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
Legal services firm Axiom has announced plans to create 97 new jobs in Belfast.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the theft of items from a house.
Northern Ireland's Craig Farmer moved into second place in the World Superbike Championship standings with victory at Knockhill.
UK retail sales growth slowed in the first three months of the year, official figures have shown.
The Gambia has pulled out of the Commonwealth because of its human rights record, the Foreign Office has said.
A social worker accused of failing to check on mentally ill people in Vale of Glamorgan has been found guilty of misconduct.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has rejected calls for the UK to begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union.
The US Justice Department has announced new rules that make it easier for law enforcement agencies to track mobile phones in urban areas.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has cancelled a visit to Cuba in the run-up to December's presidential election.
Belfast City Council has signed an exemption order for a dog which was removed from its premises because it was deemed to be dangerous.
Everton are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of England defender John Stones on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Heavy rain and strong winds are causing widespread disruption in parts of the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London.
Two teenagers have been killed in a two-car crash.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United.
A new penalty shoot-out system is to be introduced by Uefa in the Europa League next season.
A woman who has been selling poppies at Bristol Cathedral for 12 years has died.
A woman has told an inquest into the death of County Donegal teenager Arlene Arkinson that she thought she was going to be raped by her killer Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras says he is "forced to accept harsh" austerity measures approved by parliament on Thursday.
Millions of people across the UK will be voting in the general election on 8 June.
Yorkshire hope to move one of their first day-night Test matches to Headingley when the fixture list is published.
A Henry Moore sculpture has been returned to Tower Hamlets following a High Court battle with the council over its sale to Yorkshire Sculpture Park.
A County Londonderry man accused of driving without a licence has asked a judge for a postponement so he can go on holiday.
A contestant on America's Got Talent has sparked controversy after saying healthcare was a "privilege" and not a right.
YouTube is one of the world's most popular social media sites, but it has a problem with fake views.
China's first trial space station will not burn up during its fall from the International Space Station (ISS), officials have said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing Africa's poultry industry.
David Cameron's father Ian has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke, Downing Street has confirmed.
Syrian government forces have begun the evacuation of the last rebel-held district of the Old City of Homs.
Saracens head coach Stuart McCall says there is "no reason why we can't get better" at the European Champions Cup.
A statue of baseball legend Dickie Bird has been removed from a plinth in a bid to stop people having fun hanging items from it.
Retail bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "catastrophic for millions of ordinary families".
Paul Scholes has returned to the Manchester United squad for the start of the new Premier League season.
Rio de Janeiro's Samba school has been crowned the world's top samba school.
Wales is "paying the price" for not doing enough to promote green energy in the UK, an energy expert has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time since records began in 2001, according to supermarket figures.
Olympic silver medallist Katie O'Shea won the 800m at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Finland.
All young people should register to vote in the UK's referendum on EU membership, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales could have a new right to challenge police decisions, under Labour's election manifesto.
Peter Chase was born and raised in Herefordshire, and grew up with a love of potatoes.
Syria's government says it has intercepted two shipments of banned chemical weapons on its way to the port of Latakia.
There were no lifeguards on duty at a holiday park where a six-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira and batsman Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries on day three against Derbyshire at Grace Road.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes is likely to be a "one-time flushing" of cash out of the system, according to a leading economist.
Oxford extended their unbeaten start to the season with victory over 10-man Bradford.
Plans to build more than 1,000 homes on land earmarked for employment have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Tom Hiddleston has denied reports that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The Lord Chief Justice has said the British government has a legal obligation to ensure that the legacy inquests of the past are heard in Northern Ireland.
Nottinghamshire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket victory over Surrey.
The last two journalists to work in Fleet Street will retire at the end of the week.
An A&E surgery in New Zealand which was previously rated "inadequate" by health inspectors has been upgraded to "good".
Students at Singapore's School of Social Sciences (SSMU) are taking part in a lecture.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to nine points as they came from behind to beat Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Northern Ireland's Tommy Fleetwood both missed the cut at the US Open.
A mental health academy is being set up in West Berkshire in a bid to cut the wait for help from specialist mental health specialists.
A new air ambulance service is to be launched in mid and north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a British woman jailed in Iran has said he is "terrified" by the outcome of her appeal against her sentence.
Lee Westwood is relishing the prospect of playing at Royal Troon for the first time since 2004.
Arsenal Ladies defender Alex Smith has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton has had its funding withdrawn from the Olympic and Paralympic sports programme by UK Sport.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in County Fermanagh.
A German man has admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist by careless driving in Gwynedd.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US election.
Blackpool have re-signed striker Sam Allsop on a season-long loan from Reading, while midfielder James Cooke has joined on a permanent deal.
Match reports for the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
More than 60,000 people have attended events to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man is hoping to break the world record for the largest egg.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire GP practice has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed former Blackpool boss Jose Riga as their new head coach.
Jamie Hardie is sitting on the roof of Lockhart Castle in New Zealand, staring out into the dark.
Indonesian social media users have been using the hashtag #PrayforJakarta on social media in the wake of bomb attacks in the capital, Jakarta.
Forty new jobs have been created at an engineering company based in Kilrea, County Antrim.
Leaders of a Native American tribe in South Dakota say they are planning to open a marijuana-infused casino and gaming complex.
Conor McGregor says he is "not prepared to fight in the deepest of trenches" as the UFC featherweight bout between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor gets under way on Saturday.
Plans to build 500 homes on an allotment near Leatherhead have been approved by a Surrey council.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for next month's European Hockey Championships.
Skelmersdale-based Bay TV has been put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Togolese football fans have paid tribute to former coach Samuel Keshi, who died on Saturday.
Two off-duty police officers have been arrested in connection with a robbery in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in Salford, police have said.
A Russian airliner has crashed in Egypt, killing all 224 people on board, officials say.
Real Madrid have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Internet of Things (IoT) devices could have been targeted by hackers, according to security researchers.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty of rape as a war crime by the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Malala Yousafzai was born into a Taliban family in Pakistan.
Chelsea have celebrated their Premier League title with a parade through London.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and move closer to clinching the world title.
A row over whether the government has the power to trigger Article 50 in the event of a UK exit from the European Union is taking centre stage in the House of Lords.
Seachill, one of the UK's biggest supermarkets, is reviewing its pay arrangements following the introduction of the national living wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been arrested at an unauthorised rally in St Petersburg, police say.
Banking giant Hays has warned of "increased uncertainty" in the UK market following the EU referendum.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to its Android mobile operating system in an effort to make web pages less cluttered.
US consumer sentiment has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who tortured and sexually abused two young boys have won their battle to be able to identify them.
Eight people have been arrested as part of an anti-abuse campaign ahead of England's Euro 2016 match against Russia.
Workers in Cymru could save up to £1,000 a year if they switch to a healthier mode of transport, a charity has said.
Five men have been charged in connection with a series of burglaries in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson has ruled out the possibility of midfielder Jacob Butterfield and striker Erik Olsson being ruled out for the rest of the season.
Kyle Edmund is available to play for Great Britain in Friday's Davis Cup quarter-final against Serbia at Murrayfield.
Wigan Warriors captain Rhys Tomkins says he could return to the Super League club at some point in the future.
Wigan Warriors kept alive their hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Super League play-offs with an emphatic victory over Salford Red Devils.
A teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation in her role as a member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has resigned from her post.
Scientists in the Czech Republic have discovered the "stress field" behind some of the world's most famous sandstone arches.
The Met Office has issued the first high wind warning of the season for much of Scotland.
Using whole brain radiotherapy to treat secondary brain tumours does not improve survival rates, a study in the Lancet suggests.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the year.
Josh Taylor is targeting a world title fight against Ricky Burns in Edinburgh next month.
Dundee have completed the signing of Scotland international Stevie May on a four-year deal.
Dozens of people have been killed in clashes between security forces and Shia protesters in the eastern Saudi city of Qatif, activists say.
The Islamic State (IS) militant group is said to have carried out a deadly attack on a wedding in the Syrian city of Jarablus on Monday.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she never shied away from taking responsibility for the party's loss of MPs in May.
A woman has discovered the "final piece of treasure" hidden inside a velvet bag at Scunthorpe Art Centre.
An inquest into the death of a teenage soldier at Deepcut barracks is to be held next month, a coroner has ruled.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A new search and rescue helicopter service has been officially launched at a former RAF base in Gwynedd.
Sport Ireland chief executive Peter Treacy says he has "major concerns" over how the sport is being run.
The daughter of British aid worker John Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for the group to be eradicated.
Tom Trott hit a half-century as Warwickshire beat Essex by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Haiti's Senate and Chamber of Deputies have voted in favour of interim President Joseph Privert in the run-off round of presidential elections.
The second data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered, the country's investigation committee says.
Extremism is spreading, threatening and taking lives, not just in our countries but in other lands, the home secretary has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the government in a landmark ruling on employment discrimination.
An Iranian football goalkeeper has been banned from using social media for six months because of his "SpongeBob SquarePants".
Lindsey Vonn became the first woman to win a World Cup downhill race with victory in Austria on Sunday.
The London Fire Brigade has issued safety advice after two hoverboards caught fire in London.
England and Ireland have been drawn in the same group for the inaugural Women's World Twenty20 in India.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
A hotel guest has been ordered to pay more than £7,000 after a man fell from a balcony.
Former business secretary Sir Vince Cable says it is "completely wrong" that vocational education should be treated like an apprenticeship.
A Derbyshire swimming pool has been saved from closure.
The family of a murder victim have said they have been "completely let down" by the justice system.
Diageo, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the financial year.
More than 2,500 people have signed a petition calling for the return of the Chagos Islands to the United States.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to get the lead role in Kenneth Lonergan's drama Manchester by the Sea, but admits it was "the antithesis of what our culture has come to be".
Sri Lankan pirates who hijacked a tanker off the coast of Somalia have been freed, officials say.
A young girl has been fostered by a Muslim family in east London.
A fire at the Glenfada Park museum in west Belfast is being treated as arson.
New traffic restrictions have come into force in an area of York where motorists have been banned from entering.
BMW has said it has increased its stake in autonomous car technology firm Here by 40% in the first half of 2017.
Being optimistic about the future is linked to a lower risk of death, research suggests.
Glasgow International Airport has announced it will begin flying non-stop between Scotland and the Far East.
A Florida man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at an airport has been charged with the murder of nine people.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in nearly nine years in the fourth quarter, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have found the world's largest groundwater reserves.
Charlton moved into the League One play-off places as they came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 internationals Sam Rae and Keshav Bhatti for next season.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa with an ankle injury.
Parts of south Wales have been hit by flooding following heavy rain.
Wimbledon is one of the oldest tennis tournaments in the world.
The driver of a bus which caught fire in North Ayrshire has been praised for keeping everyone safe.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are the most likely UK cities to suffer as a result of Brexit, a study has suggested.
Hundreds of people have been forced to flee their homes after a huge wildfire broke out on the Italian island of Sicily.
The Bishop of Gloucester has become the first woman to lead the diocese.
Alassane Ouattara has been president of Ivory Coast for five years.
If you're going to a big conference, you might want to think twice before booking your tickets, says event manager Rahul Aggarwal.
Ospreys beat Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingsley Jones' Principality Stadium in the first Welsh derbies of the season.
When I first heard the word "Zica" on the front page of the Indian newspaper, I couldn't help but wonder if it sounded like a lethal virus.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India, South Africa and East Africa.
Rochdale have completed the signing of former Hibernian defender Craig Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised striker Kenneth Zohore after the 21-year-old scored a hat-trick against Wolves.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was beaten to death outside his barracks in Powys.
Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, have paid a surprise visit to the Brixton area of east London.
Hundreds of humpback whales have been stranded on a remote beach in New Zealand.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland supporters not to boo his side in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Three British teenagers arrested in Istanbul on suspicion of travelling to Syria have been released on bail, Scotland Yard has said.
A police force in Powys has been rated "inadequate" and "unacceptable" in terms of reducing crime.
Ministers have approached heads of high-achieving schools and academy trusts in Birmingham over claims of extremism in the city, the BBC understands.
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco international striker Abdoulaye Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev.
A man who was found guilty of making a "menacing threat" to Robin Hood Airport is appealing against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it too much to ask for a boss?
Passengers were forced to run out on to the ground after smoke began to seep into the cabin of a plane, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the one-day series against South Africa in June.
More than 60 ophthalmic patients had to wait more than a year to have an operation after problems with a mobile operating theatre.
A court in Germany has begun the trial of seven people accused of trying to bomb asylum-seeker shelters in a bid to create a climate of fear and repression.
All political parties in Wales must reflect on the impact of the vote to leave the European Union, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in northern Iraq.
Thousands of people across the UK have taken to social media to show their support for those affected by flooding.
Telecoms company TalkTalk has reported a fall in full-year profits after spending more on security.
Brewing giant Heineken has been told by the UK's competition watchdog to submit plans for its takeover of Punch pubs.
The oil and gas industry has announced plans for a new centre in Aberdeen that will help develop innovative new technology.
Sunderland striker Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply" of drugs in Northern Ireland between 2012 and 2013 have been jailed.
Schools in England are being asked to set up web pages in the run-up to BBC News Day on 16 March 2017.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered an Iron Age fort in Gwynedd that had been in disuse since the Roman era.
A gun has been fired at a police car parked outside Tullagh Park in Londonderry.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets to protest against the closure of Kids Company, a children's charity which provides support for vulnerable young people.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of a "one-sided bargain" over the future of its park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children could face poverty as a result of government changes to benefits, say campaigners.
The skills system in Scotland needs to be overhauled in a bid to improve pay and conditions, according to a think tank.
An al-Qaeda suspect has been sentenced to life in prison at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage winger Kadeem Harris from Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The UK government's decision to delay the construction of the Hinkley Point nuclear power station is a major blow to the relationship between the UK and China.
Tributes have been paid to a Glamorgan cricketer who was found dead at his home in Pontarddulais.
A senior al-Qaeda figure, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, has been killed in a US drone strike in Libya.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have re-signed former Cardiff City midfielder Matt McShane on a season-long loan deal.
Tommy Williams scored twice as Doncaster came from behind to beat Yeovil Town.
John Collymore has withdrawn his interest in becoming Nottingham Forest's new chief executive.
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch at their Super League match against Widnes Vikings.
Planning permission has been granted for a multimillion-pound redevelopment of Keynsham town centre.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy for the 2016-17 season.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding an anti-racism charity out of thousands of pounds.
Too many offenders in England and Wales are being turned away from unpaid work by the courts, according to a report.
Tommy Seymour will captain the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against the Hurricanes on Tuesday.
Adele's latest single, Hello, has become the most-streamed song of the year in the UK.
The search for a missing Strichen man has been "exhaustive and challenging", police have said.
Talks aimed at averting further strike action by Durham County Council's teaching assistants have ended without agreement.
Green Party leader Leanne Wood has called for "non-partisan cooperation" between Wales and Scotland in the run-up to the general election.
The melting of the Arctic sea ice in recent weeks has taken scientists by surprise, according to one of the region's leading scientists.
A man who became the first gay man in the UK to marry has said he has received death threats and abuse since the ceremony.
Cornwall won the Bill Beaumont Cup for the second year in a row as they beat Surrey 27-11 in the final at The Oval.
Virtual versions of the characters from the Alice in Wonderland books have been released in Conwy to celebrate the town's 150th anniversary.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Proposals for major road improvements in Worthing have been branded a "sham".
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and his Uefa counterpart Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years.
Archaeologists have discovered a "stone square" at an ancient stone circle in Somerset.
A woman suffered "devastating" injuries when she was attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Cardiff Devils are the best team in the Elite League, according to head coach Rob Bowns.
A schoolboy with a rare neuromuscular disorder caused by an influenza vaccine has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands over the weekend in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police in Wales are investigating reports of people dressing up as clowns.
The lawyers of a former Belfast man jailed for murder in the 1970s have launched a legal challenge to a decision not to release tapes of interviews he gave on the Boston College project.
Cardiff City midfielder Ezequiel Ecuele Manga has been ruled out of the rest of the season with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers scored two first-half goals to beat Cambridge United in the EFL Cup first round.
As an MEP for the UK Independence Party (UKIP), Nigel Gill has had a difficult few years.
Tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died following a two-vehicle crash near Strachan.
Bees could be driven closer to extinction in the UK because of poor weather conditions, experts have warned.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to take military action against Islamist militants in Syria has been hailed as a historic moment for the UK.
Four people have been shot dead in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv after a gunman opened fire on a gay bar on New Year's Day.
Sony is to stop selling its Reader e-readers in North America and Europe.
Israel says it is to remove metal detectors from the holy site of the Old City of Jerusalem in the wake of the killing of two Israeli police officers.
People living and working in areas at risk of flooding have been invited to an emergency summit in Cardiff.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte believes there are six teams who can challenge for the Premier League title this season.
A police dog has been put to sleep after being attacked by its handler.
An artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot called Eugene has passed the Turing Test for the first time, according to the organisers of an international competition.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's squad for this summer's Rio Olympics.
Olympic judo champion Mohammed El Shehaby pulled out of his semi-final after being booed by the crowd at Rio 2016.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa, one of Africa's fastest-growing economies, is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a 3D picture of the brain that can detect early signs of Alzheimer's disease.
British number one Johanna Konta says there is no reason why she cannot win Wimbledon this year.
The roll-out of smart meters in homes and businesses in England has been delayed again.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected an attempt by the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to reduce penalty fines to £45.
A former Tory youth wing chairman helped compile a dossier detailing allegations of bullying within the party's youth wing in 2010, a senior activist has said.
A fishing trawler has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the west coast of Scotland.
St Ronan's Magherafelt reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Schools Hurling Championship with a hard-fought 0-17 to 0-12 win over St Mary's Bessbrook.
Two high-resolution Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A schoolboy from a poor village in northern India has passed his secondary school exams.
Marine accident investigators have called for an urgent review of lifejacket testing following the deaths of three fishermen.
More than 2,000 ancient Egyptian sites have been discovered using satellite technology, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester.
New Year's Day's Day episode of BBC One's romantic comedy sitcom Miranda has been watched by a record number of viewers.
Apple showed off the new $10,000 Apple Watch at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on Monday.
An Aberdeenshire sea salt company is set to become the first company in the UK to be bought by a major supermarket.
The Local Government Association (LGA) has released its list of "slightly amusing" customer service queries received by councils in England and Wales.
The only painted representation of the coronation of Charles V has been found in a park in County Durham.
Plans for a McDonald's fast food restaurant in Aberdeenshire have been given the go-ahead by the planning inspector.
The number of mentally ill people detained in police custody in England and Wales is "unacceptable", an A&E doctor has said.
Tiger Woods says he will not retire from golf "in the next five to 10 years".
The Champions League semi-final between Real Madrid and Juventus at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff will be one of the biggest sporting events of the year.
Take-Two has teamed up with the NBA to create an e-sports league based on the NBA 2K video game.
Theresa May has insisted she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire.
It has been an extraordinary 12 months for the world number one ranking.
Striker Scott Sinclair has signed a one-year contract extension with Aston Villa.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the Tour de France with victory on stage seven.
John Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's best-wishers, has died at the age of 83.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, dragged down by Easyjet and IAG.
One of the last flying Lancasters of World War Two has made an emergency landing at a Teesside airport.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has risen to its highest level in more than a decade.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says it would be a "tragic" if Tottenham failed to win the Premier League title this season.
When it comes to paying to see a rock band or solo artist perform in your hometown or city, it is not always easy.
Microsoft has announced a boxed set of original Halo games for the Xbox One.
Tributes have been paid to musicians and artists who have died following a short illness.
Home Secretary Theresa May should use her powers to ban two "incendiary" US speakers from entering the UK, a Conservative MP has said.
US President Barack Obama has urged Democrats to "send some signals of unity" in the wake of Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train crash in western India, police say.
Glamorgan will begin their 2017 T20 Blast campaign with two away fixtures against Hampshire and Somerset.
A sports presenter has been charged with drink driving.
A police officer who tried to save a student who died in a nightclub has told an inquest it was "absolute carnage".
A woman and her two-year-old child have been raped and sexually assaulted.
Former world number one Jimmy Carter said it was "a wonder I can compete at all" after being beaten by Michael Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
The sister of a woman diagnosed with brain cancer has paid tribute to her "beautiful girl" who has died.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates on hold.
A huge sinkhole has opened up on the outskirts of the capital, Brasilia, ahead of a World Cup qualifying match.
Cardiff City missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford.
The president of the International Ski Federation (IOC) has apologised after making a reference to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists who posed naked at Machu Picchu in Peru have been questioned by police.
Three explosions at a warehouse in the Chinese port city of Tianjin have killed at least 11 people and injured dozens more.
Hundreds of thousands of children are being taught by unqualified teachers in England's schools, according to a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Glasgow city centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is determined to lead the Labour Party into the next general election.
The genetic make-up of the modern human genome has been revealed for the first time.
The owner of a clothing shop which has been linked to the so-called Islamic State group in Syria has said she is considering changing its name.
Former pupils at Gordonstoun School have said they are "shocked and saddened" by claims of historical abuse at the school.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to commit to a "clear plan" for the country's railways to be renationalised.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was abducted and raped by a teacher in France has spoken for the first time about her daughter's ordeal.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the signing of France Under-19 international defender Yannick Bolasie from Paris St-Germain.
Inflation in China's second largest economy, the economy, rose slightly in June from a year earlier, according to official figures.
Fortuna Sittard have appointed former Nigeria international Oliseh as their new head coach.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
The fuselage of one of the world's largest aircraft carriers has been taken out of service for the first time.
A couple from Wiltshire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
Scientists in Siberia have created giant ice balls that they say are the largest in the world.
Guernsey have been told they will have to pay £10,000 to play in the first qualifying round of the FA Cup.
Comic-book legend Stan Lee is to star in his own film, according to reports.
Cyber security experts are meeting in Denbighshire as part of an effort to improve security.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
More than half of athletes at the World Athletics Championships in Qatar tested positive for banned drugs in 2011, according to a study by Harvard University.
Worcestershire all-rounder James Vince has been named in the England T20 squad for next month's World Cup in India.
A Scottish folk singer has found the grave of his great great grandfather in one of the country's largest cemeteries.
Flying Scotsman, one of the world's longest-running steam locomotives, is to return to service for the first time in more than 50 years.
Saracens scrum-half Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Avengers: Age of Ultron director JBWhedon has revealed the villain's name at Comic-Con in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Every morning at Moco-Moco Primary School, the clock on the wall reads 12:00.
A snake thought to be one of the deadliest snakes in the world has been euthanised by the Scottish SPCA.
A convicted child sex offender who travelled to the US to have sex with two young brothers has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
One of the world's biggest sports organisations is making its debut in China.
Police in the US city of San Antonio are investigating the deaths of 20 people who were found locked inside a trailer outside a Walmart store in Texas.
A Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer who was stabbed in the head while trying to protect two young children has been awarded a posthumous medal.
The maker of Irn Bru, Funkin and Strathmore bottled water has reported better-than-expected profits for the first half of the year.
An unarmed black man has been shot dead by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri.
Pop star Madonna says she's not comparing herself to anyone who fights for freedom.
Matt Grigg's injury-time equaliser earned Wigan a point against League One leaders Colchester.
Actress Charli XCX has revealed that she's written some of Gwen Stefani's biggest hits.
Facebook and Apple are expanding their maternity leave policies to include egg freezing and cryopreservation.
Muhammad Ali would not have picked Wladimir Klitschko or Joe Frazier apart if he had been in the same league as 'The Greatest', says former WBA heavyweight champion Bill Shavers.
The Bank of England has held its key interest rate at 0.5%.
The 2016 World Series between the Cleveland Indians and Chicago Cubs will be remembered as one of baseball's greatest sporting events.
The Queen's Speech on Brexit has set out the government's programme for government following the general election defeat.
The role of the RSPCA should be "separated" between its "public interest" and its "commercial" role, an MP has said.
Google has expanded its Street View service to include images of the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of swimmers have taken part in the annual Tenby Half Marathon on the Isle of Wight.
HSBC has appointed Aberdeen Asset Management as its new chief executive.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he is confident that the 2015 Paris climate agreement can withstand the impact of the Trump administration.
Michael Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the third round of the EFL Cup.
A 21-year-old man is being sought by police after he went missing from a nightclub in the early hours of Christmas Eve.
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in some parts of the UK by the end of the year.
A £1.5m memorial to police officers and staff killed on duty is to be built at the National Memorial Arboretum.
James Whyte scored a hat-trick and Conor Forsythe grabbed a stoppage-time winner as Crusaders came from behind to beat Linfield in the Irish Cup.
ScotRail has announced plans to create up to 100 new train drivers over the next three years.
The FBI has accused Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak of misusing millions of dollars from the state investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu hanfon i wahanol lefydd hefyd yn ôl yr angen.
Police in Germany say they are investigating hundreds of cases of fake fathers claiming to be the fathers of migrant children.
Fines for breaches of EU data protection laws have risen by more than 50% in a year, according to research by PwC.
The Turin Shroud, one of the world's largest public displays of the shroud, has opened to the public for the first time.
People from outside the UK should not be charged for using the NHS in Wales, the health secretary has said.
North Korea says it has carried out an "unprecedented" test of a hydrogen bomb.
A jury has retired from its deliberations in the trial of retired clergyman John McDonagh.
A campaign group has claimed the Scottish government's named person policy was a "sham consultation" after the Supreme Court ruled it was unlawful.
Championship side Burnley have signed Everton defender James Browning on loan until the end of the season.
Thousands of people from across Scotland are being asked to take part in a new study into family health.
In a suburb of the French city of Aubervilliers, David Chang has been the victim of racist attacks.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US Federal Reserve kept interest rates on hold.
Daimler, Germany's second-biggest carmaker, has reported an 18% rise in sales in the second quarter of the year compared with the same period last year.
The Iranian president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, has said the government of Syria does not have the right to kill anyone.
Nintendo has reported a bigger-than-expected loss for the three months to the end of June due to lower sales of its games consoles.
Huddersfield extended their unbeaten run in the Championship to five games as they beat Burton.
In the wake of a series of spelling mishaps in the West Midlands, the BBC has been taking a look at some of the latest examples of council bungling.
A British aid worker abducted and beheaded in Pakistan died as a result of decapitation, an inquest has heard.
Four-time Wimbledon champion Caroline Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A High Court judge has ruled in favour of an application to build electricity pylons in the Vale of Glamorgan.
China's internet court has opened its doors to the public for the first time in the country's history.
South Korean conglomerate Samsung C&T has been approved by the country's largest shareholder, Samsung Electronics.
The sale of an ancient Egyptian statue is set to go ahead after it was challenged by a Liberal Democrat group.
Lancashire have been promoted to Division One of the County Championship and Division Two of the One-Day Cup.
A "heavy gambler" dismembered his friend's body and set it on fire in his own flat, a court has heard.
Former UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has become the latest high-profile figure to fall foul of Russia's anti-corruption laws.
Rangers cruised to an emphatic victory over Queen of the South at Ibrox.
Uganda says it will withdraw all its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month.
More than 20 air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of £5m from the Treasury.
A teenager from Exmouth has set a new world record for sailing around the Isle of Wight.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Chris Sidwell wants to stay in the Premier League next season.
The former chief executive of a north Wales health board has moved to Surrey to receive cancer treatment that is not currently available in Wales.
Matt Disley scored the only goal of the game as Forest Green beat Grimsby to keep alive their hopes of automatic promotion.
The world's largest crystal model, built by a British scientist 100 years ago, is to attempt to break the world record for the simplest structure.
Kenneth Starr, the former US attorney general who led the inquiry into the affairs of President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary, has been described as the man who could well become America's first woman president.
Proposals to extend bus lanes in Belfast are being considered by Transport Minister Simon Hazzard.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how the UK's relationship with the United States has been affected by the election of Donald Trump.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to revert to the 2015 qualifying format for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
England's Paul Perry reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship for the first time with a 6-3 victory over David Bingham.
Ukrainian and Russian state TV channels have been airing conflicting accounts of what they see as the actions of Ukrainian troops against pro-Russian separatists in the south-east.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries to help Worcestershire fight back on day three against Leicestershire at Edgbaston.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in the wake of the death of shopkeeper Shoaib Shah.
Spotify, the world's biggest music streaming service, has announced a range of new services.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said Simon Mignolet "needs help from all the players" after the goalkeeper made two mistakes in the 2-2 draw with Arsenal.
British Prime Minister David Cameron was caught on camera eating Pringles while on holiday on Tuesday.
An ex-serviceman who wrote a children's book about his experiences of the Falklands War is recording the adventures of his daughter as part of an animation project.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson set a new world record in the long jump to win the European Indoor Athletics Championships for the first time.
There has been a rise in the popularity of politicians perceived to be "authentic".
Southampton have completed the signing of midfielder Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP's leader has been accused of failing to follow proper procedures in vetting candidates for the party's leadership.
Investigators are "very much in the gathering of evidence phase" in the investigation into a plane crash in the Australian state of Victoria.
A Nazi war criminal sentenced to life in prison for killing three Dutch Jews during World War Two has died in Germany.
A Palestinian mother and her two young sons have been killed in an arson attack on their home in the occupied West Bank.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro has announced he will step down at the end of the year.
Borrowers are more confident about making repayments on unsecured loans than they were in the first quarter of the year, a bank has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he and another man were attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, according to manager Mauricio Pochettino.
More than 130 jobs have been put at risk by the closure of Glasgow's Arches nightclub, an MSP has said.
Lonmin, the world's biggest platinum producer, has announced plans to raise more than $2bn (£1.5bn) in a share sale.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who has gone missing from Costa coffee shops has appealed for help to find him.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed full-back Alex O'Meara on a two-year deal.
Work is being carried out on the roof of a railway station as part of a multi-million pound overhaul.
Torquay made it back-to-back National League wins with a 2-0 victory over North Ferriby.
A petition calling for the UK to remain in the European Union should be considered for a parliamentary debate, the Foreign Office has said.
A butcher has been given a further life sentence for the murder of schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A group of anti-corruption campaigners is taking legal action against the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
The Roald Dahl Funny Prize is to be re-launched, the publisher has announced.
Security forces in Somalia have shot dead the country's youngest-ever prime minister by mistake, officials have told the BBC.
Huddersfield goalkeeper James Ward says he wants to stay at the Championship club after helping them reach the EFL Cup final.
The death of a man whose body was found in a park is being treated as suspicious, an inquest has heard.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Two men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Reading and Wokingham.
Canada's federal government has launched an inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women.
A Kuwaiti man who was held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released, his lawyer says.
A new breast implant registry is to be set up by the NHS in England in a bid to improve patient safety.
One of the world's first self-balancing robots has been run over by a car in San Francisco.
Police want to trace a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl in Bristol.
"I want to be a game maker."
Bob Jungels extended his lead at the top of the Giro d'Italia to 38 seconds as he won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine.
A sharp rise in the number of international visitors to the UK has been credited to the fall in the value of the pound.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is considering an application for the release of an Irishman who has been charged with inciting violence in Egypt.
The owner of a flower shop has said she is "devastated" by the number scammers are calling to try to scam her business.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a bill aimed at preventing rape victims from being questioned in court over questions about their sexual history.
Former Rangers youth coach Paul Durrant is to leave the club at the end of the season, BBC Scotland has learned.
Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies have reached the semi-finals of the Women's FA Cup.
Cornish Reds head coach Dave Churcher says his side's front five led the way against Chinnor on Saturday.
As Wales women prepare for their Cyprus Cup campaign later this year, I am looking forward to the next phase of my career.
A leading candidate in the race to become the UK Independence Party's next leader has been allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the main draw for the Nottingham Open.
The owner of a van Gogh painting which was hung in Reading has told the BBC it is "not a known work" by the Dutch artist.
An exhibition of rare and endangered giraffes has opened at Windsor Castle.
The European Space Agency (Esa) is to delay the launch of a Russian rover on Mars in 2018.
It's not every day you see a runner falling to the ground during a race.
Tom Davies hit an unbeaten century as Surrey beat Yorkshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Security has been stepped up at the main railway station in the French capital, Paris, after a suspected terrorist attack.
Scientists say they have developed a 3D imaging technique that can reveal how cancer spreads around the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) as monsoon rains continue to batter the city.
It's been an eventful week for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in the US presidential race.
At least 10 people have been killed in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state after a group of vigilantes carried out a raid on villages held by Boko Haram militants.
With just a few weeks to go until the general election, there are still a few bills to deal with.
It is one of the most iconic buildings in the world - the towering towers at the Gyeongbok Palace in Seoul are seen as a symbol of peace and prosperity.
Jess Ennis-Hill is one of Britain's greatest ever athletes.
Microsoft has teamed up with five Spanish telecommunications firms to build the world's highest-capacity sub-sea cable.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham in Norfolk.
The father of former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden has visited his son in Russia.
Researchers in California have developed tiny wireless devices that can safely transmit power to a rabbit's organs.
Salford Red Devils full-back Tom Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a car overturned on the A74(M) in County Tyrone.
The Cuban government says it is "disappointed" by President Donald Trump's new policy on relations with the US.
The number of confirmed cases of measles in south west Wales is at its highest level since 2009, Public Health Wales has said.
A Chinese passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing all 162 people on board.
Two new species of flowering magnolia have been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
The role of carers in supporting children's development is to be enhanced under a new Welsh government plan.
An astronaut has played bagpipes at the International Space Station for the first time.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" when he returns to training on Tuesday.
England Under-19 midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City edged into the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 1-1 draw against Brondby.
A couple from Falkirk have become the first UK lottery jackpot winner in more than 20 years after scooping £55m on the Euromillions.
It's been a day of terror in the Belgian capital, Brussels.
A former Soviet soldier has appeared in court in the US in connection with an attack on US forces in Afghanistan.
Plans to turn Perth's old concert hall into a food market and hotel have been given the go-ahead.
Mark Macphee has hailed Northern Ireland as the first team from pot five to win a group stage at the Euro 2016 finals.
Badgers in England are to be vaccinated against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
There is growing evidence that UK urinary catheters have not improved in the last 80 years, according to an expert.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Sunday.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two new colognes with the names of revolutionary leaders Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez.
A Conservative councillor has resigned after a racist tweet appeared on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University needs to address "specific and overarching issues" relating to racism, equality and diversity, according to a report.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world have visited Auschwitz-Birkenau, a concentration camp where 1.1 million people were killed in the Holocaust.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
Formula 1 bosses have announced a series of major changes to the sport over the next two years, including the return of refuelling for 2017.
The owner of a Londonderry jewellers has said it will cost them thousands of pounds to repair after a car was stolen in the city.
Police are treating the death of a 31-year-old man at his home in North Lanarkshire as murder.
The ejector seats of a jet which crashed on to the A27 in East Sussex in August 2014 were unsafe, a report has found.
When Narendra Modi took part in the world's largest ever yoga session at the UN in New York on Wednesday morning, people were quick to criticise him.
Hundreds of old photographs from Liverpool's National Museums have gone on display for the first time.
The University of Manchester has announced plans for a £35m cancer research centre in Manchester.
Great Britain won the men's 10,000m and women's 4x1km cross-country races on the final day of the IPC Athletics World Championships in Glasgow.
A large fire has broken out at an 18th Century mansion in Dumfries.
Wolves midfielder Gylfi Bodvarsson believes manager Paul Lambert has given his players a "clear message" about what their job is on the field.
Work has begun to demolish a derelict factory on Foyle Road in Londonderry.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing a man to death and stealing a number of items including a TV, games console and guitars.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits, blaming a fall in the popularity of football and horse racing.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Ipswich to mark the 20th anniversary of the town's airport closing.
Two men have been rescued after a catamaran crashed into a wind turbine off the coast of Cumbria.
A three-year-old boy has been reunited with his lost toy lion after it was returned to the manor where he was born.
A study of World War One diaries has shed new light on how soldiers spent their time at the front.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to adopt sign language as their official language.
New research aims to map the intricate wiring of the brains of newborn babies.
Wayne Rooney is England's "talisman" and should not retire from international football, says former captain Frank Lampard.
The owner of a shop in County Tyrone has said he is "very lucky" to be alive after a car crashed into the building.
European Union leaders have been meeting in Berlin for the first time since the UK voted to leave.
A man has been charged with murder after the body of a woman was found at a house.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has signed into law a new law that allows 12-year-olds to work to supplement the family income.
Demolition of a Denbighshire hospital could be delayed because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Wednesday as the US Federal Reserve kept interest rates on hold.
The chief executive of Virgin Money, Jayne-Anne Gadhia, is to lead a review of the student support system in Scotland.
US theme park SeaWorld has been given permission to expand its facility in San Diego.
It's been another busy day in the English Football League.
Gloucestershire have parted company with all three players, including James Milnes, Liam Lewis and Adam McKay, until the end of the season.
A slowdown in the UK housing market may have been partially due to a lull in the number of first-time buyers coming on to the market, surveyors have said.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives in the Senedd has said he is "confident" a vote on the M4 relief road will be held.
A British soldier who died while on a UK tour in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
If you're a new user of Twitter, you might want to check the status of the app before you log back in.
Liverpool's remarkable Champions League quarter-final win over Borussia Dortmund at Anfield is one of the great stories of the Anfield era.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the title track for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has said she will launch a legal challenge against the Northern Ireland secretary.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by an offshore shipping company.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should not be given a two-year doping ban for using anabolic steroids, says former world 800m champion Martina Minichiello.
Girls and boys are being invited to sing in Gloucester Cathedral for the first time.
Great Britain's women suffered a 2-2 overtime defeat by North Korea in their opening game at the Women's Hockey World League Championship in London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Martin McGuinness reflects on the impact of Hurricane Matthew on Haiti.
Skyscanner has reported "solid growth" in the second half of its financial year.
The first all-new taxi factory in the West Midlands has been officially opened.
A third man has been arrested in connection with an attempted murder in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the significance of the United Nations.
The value of the pound fell sharply in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
The future of Scotch whisky in the Borders has been revealed.
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show is to move from Sunday to Friday evenings for the first time this year.
Tens of thousands of people in the world are dying every year from tuberculosis caused by eating raw or unpasteurised milk, experts say.
Andy Murray will be a "dominant force" going forward if he stays fit and healthy, according to former world number one Gary Henman.
Michael Higgins clinched his first ranking title with a 7-6 victory over Mark Bingham in the final of the China Open.
Schools in the United States have the highest number of sleep deprived pupils, according to a study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has taken to the streets of Washington for his first official day in office.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation after a former scout claimed he was sexually abused at the club in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes have been submitted to Powys council.
Ex-Newcastle United striker Jonny Evans and Newcastle midfielder N'Golo Cisse could face up to a three-match ban for spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy has died after suffering a head injury at a house party in west London.
Cardiff City midfielder David Hoilett says he was "100% ready to go" when he signed for Neil Warnock's first season in charge.
The RMT union has accused the Scottish government of being "dragging its heels" in its campaign to bring ScotRail under public ownership.
Ireland women's one-day international captain Kate Shillington has announced her retirement from international cricket.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been criticised by former players and fans after his red card against Manchester United was the highest of his career.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) offered "no evidence" in 70% of dropped Crown Court cases in England and Wales last year, new figures show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The finances of four of Wales' seven health boards are set to be "unacceptable", the Welsh Government has said.
South African gymnast Adam MacKenzie says his decision to return home from South Africa will open a new chapter in his career.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder following an alleged assault on another woman.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday after the US unemployment rate fell slightly to 4.4% in April.
A British man accused of killing a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in Iraq, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new two-year contract this summer.
Have you been keeping an eye on the weather this week?
A minimum price of 45p per unit of alcohol should be introduced in England and Wales, according to Public Health England.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show after more than 20 years in the role.
The Scottish government has made payments totalling Â£343m to farmers and crofters, the agriculture minister has said.
A total of 34 teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession after being found guilty of sexually abusing pupils.
Fans of Nintendo's new console, the Switch, have complained of "stuck or dead pixels" on the screen when they buy it.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the IBF world featherweight title at the end of the month.
New restrictions on bus lanes in Lancashire city centre have come into force.
Sean Ervine hit his second County Championship century of the season as Hampshire dominated Somerset at Taunton.
Photographer Stella O'Neill has been photographing the Middle East for more than two years, and her latest project is a series of portraits of the sun-drenched country of Saudi Arabia.
More than 10,000 malicious extensions have been installed in every major web browser in the past year, research suggests.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no desire" to resume the debate on becoming a republic.
Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as Newcastle beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Boxing is not for the faint-hearted.
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn are playing a very different game in the general election.
A film of the life of the founder of one of the world's first Buddhist institutes has been screened in Dumfries.
An extra £1bn is to be announced in the Budget for social care in England, the chancellor has announced.
A cyclist accused of causing the death of his girlfriend on a "fixie" has told a court he "will not bother saying she deserved it".
There is "no compelling evidence" a tumble dryer caused a fire which killed two people, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned military personnel from leaving its base on the Japanese island of Okinawa following an alleged drink-driving incident.
The House of Commons has elected its new Speaker, John Bercow, after a series of late night votes and counter-ambushes.
Gangnam Style has become the most-watched video on YouTube, after the video was viewed more than nine times more than previously thought.
Widnes Vikings maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers.
The world's first three-parent baby has been born in Ukraine.
A Cumbrian hospital trust has been placed in special measures following a review of its services.
Gareth O'Brien kicked a last-minute drop-goal as Salford came from behind to beat Hull KR in a dramatic Super League final.
Pupils at Kharisma Bangsa school in Indonesia's north-eastern province of Nairobi have been studying for a year.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One for the first time in their history as they were held to a draw by fellow strugglers Nottingham Forest.
More than half of children who eat school lunches are eating foods they did not eat at school, according to a survey.
A pilot has died in a light aircraft crash in Stoke-on-Trent.
The master of a container ship in Belfast harbour has been fined for drinking alcohol while on duty.
Mexico's central bank governor, Agustin Carstens, has been nominated to be the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The UK is to reopen its embassy in the Iranian capital, Tehran, amid a diplomatic row between the two countries.
League Two leaders Stevenage were held to a goalless draw at Cambridge United.
The theft of a Star Wars actor's caravan is being investigated by police.
US President Barack Obama is to speak at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre (EICC).
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of full face veils was justifiable in principle.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with the display of a banner at Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Rangers.
Footage has emerged showing a shopper hitting a woman in the head with a packet of bacon.
At a house in La Paz in Bolivia's north-eastern state of La Plata, a woman named Maria Cappa found a box of old film.
The US Federal Reserve has said that it expects to raise interest rates "within a recession within a recession".
A disabled Isle of Wight MP is to stand down as the Conservative Party's parliamentary candidate in the general election.
Do you know what it takes to become a WWE Superstar?
Vietnam's Flappy Bird has become one of the most popular mobile games of the year.
Hundreds of people have lined the streets of Brighton and Hove to protest against the rising number of people drowning in the sea.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train members of the Royal Household to help the Queen in her duties as head of state.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Milos Raonic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
A court in South Africa has heard evidence from the trial of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, who says he accidentally shot his girlfriend with a cricket bat.
In World War Two, the conflict between the United States and the Soviet Union meant that millions of people were forced to flee their homes.