More one-bedroom flats could be built in Wales to help homeless people, a charity has said.
A man has been arrested after firearms and ammunition were seized in Edinburgh.
Four people have appeared in court in Chicago accused of beating a black teenager in a video made for Facebook Live.
West Bromwich Albion's director of youth development has left the club by mutual consent.
A five-day fasting diet can reverse the progression of type 1 and type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
Should there be a merger between two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers?
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Championship team pursuit programme.
When a comedy club opened in Austin, Texas, in 2009 it was the only theatre in the US.
BT's share price hit a record high on Tuesday after the regulator Ofcom warned that the company was in danger of breaking up.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of taking charge of the Scottish Cup semi-final against Aberdeen at Hampden Park.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years.
An NHS trust has apologised after mistakenly adding the wrong patient information leaflets to hospital appointment letters.
Shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry has said she understands colleagues not wanting to vote in favour of invoking Article 50 in the Brexit bill.
Torquay United captain Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Kieran O'Kane to Bournemouth.
The death of a man who was found in the Menai Strait could have been caused by a police visit, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Jordan Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has called for a "massive paradigm shift" in the way US scientists access data on climate change.
The Specials drummer Brad Bradbury has died at the age of 69.
Tiger Woods is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Former England striker Geraint Cole has warned he faces a "long road ahead" if he does not donate his kidney to charity.
Pakistan has lifted a ban on YouTube, which was imposed in 2012 after a controversial film was posted online.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half James Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Alistair Doull said it was "unbelievable" to become the fourth Welsh athlete to win an Olympic gold medal.
More than 100 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
All photographs by Hamish Pottinger.
Hong Kong's securities regulator has fined Royal Bank of Scotland $1.5bn (£1.6bn) for its role in the rigging of the yen and euro interbank offered rates.
It's been a busy night at the Baftas.
Andy Murray's remarkable run of form has come at a cost.
A South African rapper has been shot dead in the capital, Pretoria, police say.
A gun has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, prompting a police investigation.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill produced a disappointing performance in the heptathlon at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Sweden.
The former Virgin Racing team has collapsed into administration.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has risen by more than a third.
How much do you know about the exchange rate between the pound and the dollar?
A teenager from Northumberland has been named Alternative Model of the Year.
A statue of a Royal Marine who marched across the Falklands during World War Two is to be moved to a new museum site in Portsmouth.
A British citizen has appeared in court charged with breaching anti-terror control orders, the BBC has learned.
Former Sussex fast bowler Paul Anyon has been appointed head coach of the women's side.
League One side Bury have signed former Shrewsbury Town midfielder Ryan Brown on a one-year deal.
When it comes to fairy tales, it's easy to get bogged down in plot twists and plot twists.
Last year, Ukraine won the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev.
When The Beatles played the Cavern Club in Liverpool in the early 1970s, they were the first punk band to play in the city.
South Africa's government has proposed raising the national minimum wage to 12,000 rand ($1; Â£1).
Ethiopia's former military ruler, Meles Zenawi, has died at the age of 82.
Azhar Ali hit a half-century as Australia beat Pakistan by six wickets in the second Test in Melbourne to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The SNP has won two seats in Edinburgh North and Leith by-election.
Russia has said it will continue its air strikes in Syria despite the US warning it would not co-operate.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-18 internationals Liam Hughes and Rhys Evans on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia, accusing Moscow of interfering in the US election.
If you want to know what Labour is planning to do with university tuition fees, look no further than the party's manifesto.
The final day of work at the Shoreham Air Show crash site is to be held on Friday, the fire service has said.
The former director of the FBI has said he has never been directed to do anything illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate by the president.
The Obamas have paid for a private party in New York, the White House has confirmed.
A number of roads in County Antrim have been closed for safety checks.
Every day, millions of people across the world are suffering from mental health problems, such as anxiety, depression and panic attacks.
The US state of Alabama has opened an investigation into whether To Kill a Mockingbird author Cindy Lee consented to the release of a second book.
The US has suspended talks with Russia in Geneva aimed at improving the humanitarian situation in Syria, the White House has said.
London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan has won the election to become the first Muslim mayor of a European city.
A video of a church choir singing a song to its new vicar has gone viral.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks after breaking his leg in Sunday's Premier League win over Everton.
A man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen, police say.
A passenger plane has been hit by a drone near the final approach to a Devon airport.
A seal has been rescued after being tangled in netting at a beach in Dumfries and Galloway.
An archive of letters and sketches from the life of one of the world's most famous writers has been revealed.
Labour's Owen Roache has been elected general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Ingalls Wilder says she's "frightened" by the prospect of appearing on BBC One's Later.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still be a Premier League player.
Exeter City have made a pre-tax profit for the first half of the financial year.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole at a training centre.
Scottish businesses have reported a return to optimism in 2017, according to a survey.
An inquiry into allegations undercover police spied on the family of Stephen Lawrence is to be launched by the home secretary, Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand won the Webb Ellis trophy for the first time in their history with a thrilling victory over South Africa in Johannesburg.
A radar study is being carried out to "understand" why one of the world's tallest obelisks has been struck by lightning twice in its history.
Italian fashion group Inditex has reported record profits for the first half of the year, helped by strong sales in Spain.
Lady Gaga's performance at the Super Bowl on Sunday will be one of the biggest in the event's history.
Victims of the Rochdale gang are still being ignored by police, a victim has said.
A department store in Edinburgh has been closed for a second day after a waterlogged roof caused it to collapse.
A growing number of comments on the US government's controversial net neutrality proposals have been posted online, the BBC has learned.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club's stadium needs to be rebuilt.
Moana has topped the US box office for the first time in five years.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Cincinnati Open with a straight-set win over Carolina Berdych.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in Londonderry.
Scientists in France say they have identified a species of bat that carried the deadly Ebola virus from the death of a four-year-old boy in Guinea in 2014.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he could play at the World Championship if his wife gives birth.
Work to remove a section of a Grade II listed pier from Cardiff Bay has been approved by the city council.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the construction of flats at the University of Oxford.
A school trust has written to parents warning them of the impact of cuts to its finances.
Plans to create national parks in Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo risk displacing millions of people, a report says.
Human remains have been found alongside a motorway slip road in West Mercia, police have said.
Russia's Andrei Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's super-middleweight with a unanimous points win over Ukraine's Jose Martinez in Rio.
University support staff in England are to stage a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
Parents have welcomed the Scottish government's decision to investigate plans to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire.
Japan legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with FC Tokyo.
Indian security forces have clashed with protesters in the Indian-administered Kashmir valley to mark the first anniversary of the death of a militant.
The outcome of the UK's vote to leave the European Union is likely to have a significant impact on global financial stability.
Sale Sharks forward Nick Easter has left the Premiership club at the end of the season to take up a teaching position.
The death of some patients at a mental health ward may have been a contributory factor, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
A 32-year-old man has been jailed for assaulting two men in Londonderry.
American Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after testing positive for a banned substance.
A former partner at a pharmaceutical firm has admitted conspiring to supply cocaine worth more than £1m.
Police in Scotland are to begin carrying Tasers when confronted with a genuine threat, the BBC has learned.
The Glasgow-based engineering firm ID Systems has secured a £1.5m loan and equity backing from UKSE.
A Brazilian footballer who was on board a plane that crashed in Colombia on Friday has been discharged from hospital and is expected to be discharged this weekend.
Former News of the World presenter Peter Robinson has criticised Highways England's plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge.
Everton secured their place in the Europa League group stage with a comfortable win over Wolfsburg.
Bristol City midfielder Chris Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London.
It's one of the most deadly cancers in the world, and prostate cancer is the most common cause of death in men.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Wasps came from behind to beat bottom side Worcester.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in a gun attack on a museum in the country on Friday, officials say.
Satellite imagery has revealed the extent of the destruction of Mosul airport by Islamic State (IS) militants.
The main rail line between London and Reading is to be closed for the Easter break, Network Rail has said.
A company has been granted a permit to drill for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Online retailer Amazon has said it will start recording sales made through its European subsidiaries from 1 May.
Junior doctors are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United midfielder Jake Kenny has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A Gloucestershire college has been awarded £3.5m in grants from the Department for Education.
The Football Association's chief medical officer is to meet the family of ex-footballer Jeff Astle to discuss head injuries and concussions.
The average wealth gap between the rich and the poor is about $50m (£40m), according to a leading financial adviser.
Sale Sharks have signed teenage scrum-half Tom and Jordi Murphy on loan until the end of the season.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Edinburgh.
The United States has rejected a proposal by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a nuclear disarmament review.
The UK government's support for fracking in Wales is contrary to the approach of the Welsh Government, the government has said.
Tyson Fury's decision to pull out of his world heavyweight title rematch with Bermane Stiverne because of depression is the latest in a series of shocking revelations about the fighter's mental health.
Wasps head coach Sam Jones is keen to add a number of experienced players to his England squad before the autumn Tests.
A collection of paintings by a World War One veteran has gone on display for the first time.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football is not a surprise, according to former Celtic boss Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a fence in Aberdeenshire.
Workers at Crown Post Offices in London are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pensions and job cuts.
The Ulster Unionist candidate for the assembly election has said he would rather go to the SDLP or Sinn FÃ©in than the DUP.
Drugs with an estimated street value of more than £1m have been seized in County Londonderry.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said there is "now a greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley says the club are in a "sticking together" after a run of three straight defeats.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of demands imposed by four Arab states on Qatar.
UKIP leadership hopeful Ched Evans has said she has given up hope of becoming the party's next leader.
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, have arrested a taxi driver for allegedly raping a woman who had used the app to book a home.
As Wales' team reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016 in Lyon, their fans were still singing the national anthem.
Renfrewshire has been named as the 10 most deprived areas in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Paul Cassells and Paul Scrimgeour won the men's lightweight double sculls title at the Rotterdam International Rowing Championships.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock and Airdrieonians midfielder James Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Swansea City came from behind to beat Liverpool and secure Francesco Guidolin's first win in charge.
The Irish Rugby Board (IRB) has announced that Sam Chalmers has been found guilty of doping.
Radiohead, Radiohead and Kasabian are among the acts set to headline this year's T in the Park music festival.
North Korea has said it has restarted operations at its Yongbyon nuclear complex, the first such move since the 1950-1953 Korean War.
Human bones found during a search for a missing man 13 years ago have been identified as those of a man who was shot dead, police have said.
If you want to know what's going on in the world of rugby league, you might want to turn to BBC Radio Solent.
Cecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight runs in their opening World Twenty20 qualifier.
The daughter of a man who died after being mistakenly fed a pill at a hospital in Essex has said she is "angry" at a lack of leadership.
Britain's Mark Cavendish won his second stage of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Paris to move into the Olympic quarter-finals.
More than £200m is to be allocated to emergency departments in Northern Ireland.
The twins of Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss have launched a fresh legal challenge against Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
A 15-year-old girl has been killed in a hit-and-run crash.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known spies.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee United striker Ryan Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier has been arrested by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) investigating alleged corruption at the News of the World newspaper.
A care home has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors for its quality of care and support.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was reported to police in north London.
More than 50,000 homes and businesses in Lancaster have been left without power after a power cut.
A High Court judge has quashed a government refusal to accept a planning application for more than 1,000 homes.
Councillors have called for compensation for businesses damaged by the Valu-4-U ferry in Aberdeenshire.
Lille have signed Tunisia midfielder Adama Sliti for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been on a tour of the International Space Station.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A civilian aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport after being intercepted by RAF Typhoons.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, West Midlands Police have said.
The 2016 European Championship kicks off in June and will be the biggest tournament in the country's history.
Great Britain will face Greece in their final warm-up game before the start of EuroBasket 2017 in London on Friday.
Australia secured a place in the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a hard-fought victory over Wales.
Scotland's players want to give Vern Cotter a "good send-off" when they face Ireland in the opening day of the Six Nations, says fly-half Dan Strauss.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has called for more US involvement in the fight against Islamic State (IS) in Iraq.
Members of the public have been contacted by the City of Edinburgh Council following a cyber attack on the council's website.
Rebels in Syria have declared the start of the battle against government forces in response to increasing violations of the cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing platform, has announced that it is launching its own adverts.
Dexter Hall is among the nominees for the 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been cleared of assaulting a male prisoner more than 20 years ago.
New Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called for cross-party consensus on Brexit.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have asked the home secretary for assurances that there will be criminal prosecutions.
People who post "grossly offensive" images of themselves or their children online could face prosecution under new laws.
Faizan was just a handful of years old when he was shot dead by security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four bids have been submitted for the contract to run the Wales and Borders Metro.
Broadcasting legend Robbie MacLeod is to step down from his role as permanent host of BBC Scotland's dance music show.
Carlisle United manager Chris Coleman says it is "unfair" for the Cumbrians to play away from home against Carlisle United.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a fake bomb was found in a toilet at Old Trafford.
Accrington Stanley reached the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a 3-2 extra-time win over Preston.
A man who accidentally left his tools at a cat charity shop has said he is "just waiting for the call to go into the jungle".
Scotland's Lizzie Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after pleading guilty to a bank fraud.
Books of condolence are to be opened in the Irish city of Limerick to mark the death of broadcaster Sir Terry Wogan.
The Scottish government has been urged to make "cast iron assurances" about the future of orders at the Govan and Scotstoun shipyards.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has launched a blistering attack on rival Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio on the first day of voting in the presidential nominating contest.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at a beach where five men died after getting into difficulty while on holiday.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is "one of the best managers I have played under", according to the club's captain Gary Osman.
Canadian police have arrested 10 suspected members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group after they left the country.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Hull City midfielder Jack Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The government has said it will spend an extra £500m a year on treating foreign nationals visiting the UK.
Belfast Giants moved to within three points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 4-3 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
The last steam locomotive to run on the East Coast mainline is set to make its first journey in more than 50 years.
A former head teacher who was jailed for sexually abusing boys at a school in East Yorkshire has been awarded compensation.
Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office in its opening weekend.
Olympic silver medallist Jade Williamson says she is "living another day" after suffering a series of injuries in a crash at the European Championships in Rotterdam.
The gap between the sexes in life expectancies between men and women is closing, according to a new study.
The chief executive of England and Wales' police and crime commissioners has resigned from his post after appearing on Question Time.
If you want to know what's going on in China, you might want to turn to Stephen King.
The cost of building a £1bn super sewer in London could rise by up to 14% if the regulator Ofwat approves the project, a professor has claimed.
The operator of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A Chinese passenger plane has been forced to make an emergency landing at Sydney airport after a hole appeared in its engine casing.
The family of a two-year-old girl who was denied entry to the UK because of her husband's low income have said they are "very hopeful" the government will reverse the decision.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team Czech First League would help the development of young players.
Democratic Republic of Congo's electoral commission has appointed former opposition leader Joseph Tshibala as interim president.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Wycombe beat Exeter to record their first win of the season.
Australian journalists have gone on strike in a row over job cuts at the country's largest newspaper publisher.
Jockey Ryan Moore is one of the best jockeys in the world, according to his trainer Richard Hannon.
Negotiators in Colombia have agreed to resume peace talks with the Farc rebel group, a week after they were halted by the government.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for failing to control their players.
Octopuses are more aggressive than previously thought, according to a new study.
England's Laura Robson has signed a new three-year contract with the Nottingham Open.
Human rights workers in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they are concerned about the number of bodies buried at a cemetery in the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint Southampton manager Ronald Koeman as their new manager, BBC Radio 5 live understands.
The government's White Paper on housing has been a breath of fresh air.
At least six people have been killed and several injured in a bomb attack by Kurdish militants in northern Iraq, the Turkish army says.
A body has been found in woods in North Lanarkshire.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo is the most expensive player in the world, worth £150m, according to a new study.
The solar-powered plane Solar Impulse has left China's port city of Nanjing.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) who was suspended over a visit she made to the family of a murdered teenager has been cleared of misconduct.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore on US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 83.
Paul McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-1 victory over Ukraine in Belfast was a "fantastic team performance".
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected by the Supreme Court.
The daughter of a woman who was stabbed to death by her husband and her 13-year-old son has said she will miss them "every day".
A series of high-profile US detainees in North Korea over the past five years has been compiled by the BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul.
South Korea's education minister has expressed "deep regret" after a mistake in one of the questions on this year's national high school test.
Rugby league club All Golds have held talks with the owners of their home ground in Gloucester.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to isolate and ostracise him from his family.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will race for Great Britain at the Tour of Britain in September.
A former charity chief executive has admitted fraud and money laundering.
A Dalit woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has said she was beaten up with a sari and a stick by a group of women.
Turkey has said it will continue its military operations in northern Syria until all terrorist elements have been neutralised.
Mae'r Eglwys yng Nghymru wedi cael ei anfon gan yr Esgob Llanelwy, yn ôl a pheidio rheoli'r broses.
Toshiba has said it is in talks to raise funds to help it cut costs.
England captain James Anderson says his side would "lose 2-0" if they lost to Pakistan in the second Test.
New Zealand coach Warren Gatland says he was "disappointed" by Henry Ford's omission from his side for the tour of Australia.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland midfielder James Hodson on a two-year deal.
A relic of the Croick Decanter has been donated to a museum to mark the centenary of the Highland Clearance.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death during a row over money for sex has been jailed for life.
The illegal sale of weapons and ammunition on the dark web has reached a record high, according to a new study.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man who used to be the world's heaviest has had surgery to remove his excess skin.
A new class of drugs has been discovered which could help treat aggressive, aggressive prostate cancer, say scientists.
Premier League matches will be played on the same night as the Champions League last-16 tie between Barcelona and Benfica on Wednesday, 8 March.
Teachers should share their concerns about female genital mutilation (FGM) with parents, a teachers' union has said.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in Inverness Park.
Former Swansea City defender Alan Curtis says it would be "tough to get back into the Championship" if the club were to go down.
Welsh students who owe more than £21,000 on their university tuition fees in 2017-18 have repaid their loans, according to the latest figures.
Italian police say they have arrested a man who posed as a pilot in the cockpit of a passenger plane.
Theresa May has said too many people coming to the UK as husbands and wives are not learning English when they apply for a visa.
The number of children in working families in Wales is at record levels, according to a charity.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for travelling to their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the outbreak of the Ebola virus in March.
(Close): London's leading shares have fallen for the second day in a row, dragged down by a sharp sell-off in Chinese shares.
The family of a County Tyrone teenager who was murdered by a "thoroughly evil" killer have said they are "angry and fearful".
A former Russian prime minister has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silence encouragement" after a video appeared to show him in a sniper's pose.
Louis van Gaal joked about his decision to pick three centre-backs in the first half of Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Arsenal.
BrewDog, the owner of Ellon Brewery in Aberdeenshire, has raised more than £50m to fund expansion plans in the US.
Tata Steel workers have agreed to accept changes to their pension scheme in return for it remaining open.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of the K-cup coffee pods, has been bought by a private equity firm.
A university has apologised after a poster saying Jennifer Lawrence wished she had used a password-protected phone number.
A man has been stabbed to death in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side's lack of international selection is not a surprise.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after completing a 38-game unbeaten run.
Plans for a new student accommodation at the University of Aberdeen have been put on hold until the end of the academic year.
A council has said it is "really, really disappointed" after two of its mascots did not appear at a Christmas lights display.
Colin Calderwood has joined Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion as assistant manager.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he is relishing the chance to captain the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
England beat Scotland 13-6 at Murrayfield to move up to second in the Six Nations table.
Great Britain's men's 4x100m relay team have been disqualified from the World Championships in Beijing.
Two people have been seriously injured in a crash between a bus and a car in Fife.
A 25-year-old man has died after being hit by a forklift truck in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says she has been inspired by the work of former world champion Virgil Young.
It's 70 years since the first atomic strike of World War Two.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Michael Drumm has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with fraud and money laundering.
Malagasy singer and songwriter Lala Njava has been performing in Africa for the first time.
Myanmar has a long way to go.
Ivan Rodríguez's return to the ATP World Tour was a huge boost for me.
Teenagers in the UK have said they are glad the voting age has been lowered.
Fernando Alonso's departure from McLaren was the biggest blow to Mercedes boss Toto Wolff's season.
Smoking may increase the risk of developing schizophrenia, a study suggests.
Two adults and two children have been rescued from a beach in Weston-super-Mare.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he has changed his mind about allowing terminally ill people to take their own lives.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision", says Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's deadly garment factory collapse in the capital Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history.
The death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive Polonium 210, has been described as one of the most remarkable and sensitive murder cases in modern times.
A health board has been ordered to carry out a review after a charity raised £154,054 for an organ donation challenge.
An elderly woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi.
A man is to stand trial accused of helping victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at the challenges facing Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been told he must demolish it or face jail.
The first trams have opened to the public in Nottingham after delays caused by the construction of two new stations.
Vans used for a DIY SOS project have been stolen in a spate of thefts, the BBC has said.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for the year to the end of December.
EE and Three are the best mobile operators in the UK, according to a study.
A homeless man who drove a rollercoaster across Dumfries in a bid to get home from a night out drinking has been given a community order.
When the demolition of Vila Uniao, a neighbourhood in Rio de Janeiro, was announced in 2012, it was marked with graffiti.
An ageing nuclear reactor could be allowed to run for up to 20 years, the UK's nuclear regulator has said.
The US man who shot and killed Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe has said he did not know the animal was protected.
A Scotch whisky distillery is celebrating its 200th anniversary on Islay.
The artist Dominic Hockney has told an inquest how acid severely burned his body before perforating his stomach.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has made history by winning a silver medal at the Rio Olympics.
A United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to Chicago has been diverted to Edinburgh Airport because of a fuel leak.
The Great City Games is to be held in Manchester this week, following the Manchester Arena attack that left 22 people dead.
The government spent £8.3bn on converting 203 state schools in England into academies in the two years to March 2012, according to a report.
When Russell Knox arrived at the Royal Birkdale Golf Club in the early hours of Sunday morning, he was greeted with a mixture of excitement and relief.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes has said she is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over a delay in releasing CCTV footage of her last seen alive.
Police in Brazil investigating allegations that the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, received personal requests for high-value Olympic tickets have questioned a senior official.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
The English Football League has confirmed the first round of the Carabao Cup.
A baby marmoset that was stolen from a zoo in Australia has been reunited with its mother.
Women in the intelligence services are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has paid tribute to the victims of the Westminster terror attack.
Singer Charlotte Powell has announced she has given birth to a baby girl.
A lorry driver has been jailed for six years for causing the deaths of two men by dangerous driving.
A Belfast woman who underwent gender reassignment surgery at the age of 69 has said she is "happy" after finally getting the help she needed.
Astronomers have discovered the first baby planet in the Solar System.
Peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport ahead of the Nato summit on nuclear disarmament in June.
A man has been arrested in connection with a cyber-attack on Kate Middleton's iCloud account.
The Polish embassy in London has said it is investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against Polish nationals following the EU referendum.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and London Irish flanker Rob McCusker on a two-year deal.
Gunmen have attacked a motorcade carrying more than 250,000 euros (£200,000) in cash and documents, French police say.
The phrase 'woman in a man's world' is a pretty apt one.
More than 2,600 telephone customers and broadband customers in Orkney have been affected by technical problems with a radio transmitter.
Pupils at a convent school have been told they will no longer be able to attend their prom because of the financial strain.
Mohamed al-Hussein is a 23-year-old man who works as a security guard for the Turkish army.
Former Charlton Athletic chief executive Paul Porter has left the club by mutual consent.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has said she was unable to resist the temptation of a "very fine California wine" at the State of the Union speech.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has announced his resignation.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of using personal attacks as a "core component" of its national election campaign.
A taxi driver is being sought by police in connection with an attempted kidnap of a child in Derbyshire.
A food truck is to become the first in Scotland to take on offenders who have made a commitment to change their lives away from violence and crime.
A man who raped a woman more than 20 years ago is thought to be in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have tightened security at the city's police headquarters.
A paedophile who groomed a seven-year-old boy via social media has been jailed for 13 years.
Samantha is set to become the first Briton to be sent into orbit around the International Space Station.
A Green Party councillor has been warned she faces a High Court injunction for protesting against tree removal works in Sheffield.
Team Sky's leader Dave Brailsford is "completely behind" the team, according to Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas.
Snap, the messaging app owned by Snapchat, has revealed details about its new augmented reality glasses.
Guinea-Bissau's football team has been granted a two-year contract to play in the Africa Cup of Nations.
David Cameron has said it is "very important" that grammar schools in England are allowed to expand.
José Holebas was sent off as Bristol City came from behind to beat Watford at Vicarage Road.
Prisoners have been locked in their cells for three days after a row broke out at a prison in Devon.
England batsman Joe Root says Peter Moores has given him "the best" of his time as Test coach.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann says his side's play-off hopes are "mathematically impossible".
A public inquiry is to be held into plans to build more than 1,000 homes on a former quarry site in Kent.
A railway line in Surrey is to reopen next month after it was closed for more than a month.
A detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against when he found a monkey on a colleague's desk has agreed to pay compensation.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said that journalists will be killed if they do not do anything wrong.
A surfer has died after being attacked by a great white shark in Western Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a kayak at a lifeboat event in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's most diversified economies.
There is "no other realistic candidate" for the "many and terrible injuries" that led to the death of a toddler, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat St Johnstone.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend.
Three firefighters have been praised for saving the life of a man who was trapped in a crushed car.
More than 1,500 new armed police officers will be in place in London by April 2017, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial electoral reform bill.
(Close): Wall Street ended the week on a high note, boosted by a rise in banking shares and hopes the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next week.
A driver who caused the death of a three-year-old boy by careless driving has been jailed for eight years.
Olympic gold medallists Hannah Cox, Hannah Peacock and Rebecca Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the IPC Athletics World Championships.
An Afghan man who says he was raped by his wife has said he has threatened to kill himself unless the country's president takes action against the perpetrators.
A man who broke into his girlfriend's home and threatened to kill her has been jailed for two years.
Jonathan Trott hit his first County Championship century of the season as Warwickshire fought back to draw with Somerset.
Mickey Demetriou's late free-kick gave Newport County victory over Yeovil Town in their first game since Mike Flynn took charge.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England cruised to a 4-1 win over Guinea in their opening Group B match at the Confederations Cup.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned after posting a picture of herself and a van in a Rochester and Strood by-election.
Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter is suing the record label responsible for releasing the band's music.
A delegation of Scottish oil and gas companies has arrived in Myanmar for a trade mission.
The Dominican Republic's border with Haiti is one of the poorest places in Latin America, but the Catholic Church has played a key role in the migration crisis.
A tower block in Surrey is to be completely rebuilt to cope with rising demand for school places.
Joseph Langanzi has signed a new two-year contract with Portsmouth.
Ulster have been boosted by the news that Mark Henderson and Tommy Bowe will be available for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre.
Plans to turn a Brecon Beacons pub into a convenience store have been approved by councillors.
Ballymena United came from behind to beat Dunfermline Athletic and move into the Scottish League Two play-off places.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees from the Middle East.
Leading scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to clarify its decision to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A school has been accused of breaking its uniform policy by refusing to allow a four-year-old girl to wear a headscarf.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits and benefits has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of killing his great-grandfather in a car crash in Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
When I arrived in Canada for the Women's World Cup, I was delighted to be part of a crowd of more than 8,000.
Nigel Hamilton has said he is "very disappointed" by Nigel Farage's suggestion that he could have done a better job than Sir David Attenborough.
Jose Mourinho says Manchester United's victory over Chelsea was the result they "wanted and expected".
A review into the quality of care for older people in Wales is to be carried out.
S4C has appointed Rhys Evans as its new leader.
Mae'r etholiad cyffredinol wedi bod yn cael ei chlustnodi yn y Senedd ddydd Mercher ar argymhelliad y Prif Weinidog, Theresa May.
A new project is being launched to find out if there are as-yet undescribed human remains in the wild.
Liverpool midfielder Mamadou Sakho has failed to test positive for a banned substance by reading the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) banned list.
The UK should be the first country in the world to introduce genetically modified (GM) crops, according to a report.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called for the resignation of the army's chief of staff.
A review into the future of Welsh broadcaster S4C is under way, the Welsh government has said.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Glasgow are to be disrupted as part of a major engineering project.
Liverpool owner Mohed al Hasawi has confirmed that a United States consortium is interested in buying the club.
The proportion of top A* to C GCSE grades in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of a global economic slowdown and a sudden pull-back in capital flows.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the Republican presidential debate by Fox News, the network has announced.
Leicester Tigers have signed Bristol wing Ellis Genge on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 jobs could be lost at the DVLA in Swansea due to the introduction of a direct debit scheme, the transport minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says better wickets are the only way they can improve the quality of the county's bowlers.
If you're looking for a place to live next to Facebook HQ in Silicon Valley, you might want to look elsewhere.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 12-year-old Bailey at an Aberdeen school.
League One side Walsall have signed Carlisle United left-back Matt Smith on a two-year deal.
Three teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death on a bank holiday.
As the final ceremony of the Olympic and Paralympic Games was held in Olympic Park on Sunday night, there was a sense of relief that it was finally over.
The Sykes-Picot project, which marked the turning point in the Middle East's history, is over.
Celtic winger Scott Roberts says he is relishing the prospect of returning to Manchester City at the end of the season.
Premier League clubs have more than doubled their spending on agents' fees for the 2016-17 season, according to new figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford and Charlton Athletic goalkeeper David Gilmartin and ex-Plymouth Argyle defender James Brill.
Dingledine is one of the most controversial figures in the world of hacking.
A man has been found guilty of unlawfully killing his wife at their home.
Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" on the opening day of his Scotland team's Euro 2016 qualifier against Malta.
Bury extended their lead at the top of League One to seven points with victory over Coventry.
The Australian government has said it has negotiated the return of 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who were turned back to Vietnam.
Marc Marquez won the MotoGP title for the first time in his career with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Polly Glover says she hopes to be reunited with her coxless partner Heather Swann at the World Championships in Amsterdam in August.
The Liberal Democrats' "mission is clearer than ever", Nick Clegg has said, as he launched his bid to become leader of the party.
China's industrial output rose at its fastest pace in three months in April, according to official figures.
Microsoft has been spending billions of dollars on research and development over the past 20 years - but what does this mean for the company's future?
The results of the general election in Wales have been announced.
National League side Hartlepool United have signed Reading striker Aaron Tshibola and Mansfield striker Beningham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting has begun in the Merseyside general election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Belfast city centre in support of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer has announced it is to close its factory with the loss of more than 230 jobs.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping and assaulting a woman in his car.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the remote North Atlantic island of Rockall in 1955.
The Beatles' manager has been recognised for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life 50 years on.
League Two side Alfreton Town have signed midfielder Ryan Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has published its strategy for tackling climate change.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the Conservatives may have to increase taxes or cut spending if they are to win the general election.
Sophie Raworth is to return to BBC Two's Watchdog as a journalist.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) says it will take legal action against a Fifa member who has a conflict of interest.
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a schoolgirl more than 40 years ago.
BBC spending in England and Wales rose by more than 20% in the two years to the end of June, according to the corporation.
World number one Ding Junhui beat world number one Mark Williams 10-6 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US says it will continue to press Bahrain on its human rights concerns after lifting security restrictions.
A ticket signed by The Beatles at one of their most famous gigs is to be auctioned.
The quality and cost of support for care leavers in England is "poor and worsening", says a report by MPs.
Teachers are urging pupils to disengage from a new requirement to promote "fundamental British values".
A body has been found in the search for a missing Cardiff man.
Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" is "very disingenuous", according to his co-star David Oyelowo.
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their liberty unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
When Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979, she ushered in some of the most radical reforms in British history.
BP and GDF Suez have discovered a new oil and gas discovery in the North Sea.
Red Bull have rejected a potential engine deal with Mercedes because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive in Formula 1.
More than 1,000 passengers on a cruise ship that ran aground off the coast of the US state of Alabama have been rescued.
Harlequins moved into the European Challenge Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought victory over London Irish.
Guernsey's Planning Department has launched a public consultation on whether the island's coastline should be developed.
A screening of the film Slumdog Millionaire will be held in the Scottish village of Kingussie later.
Tom Trescothick and James Trego hit centuries as Somerset fought back to beat Middlesex on day two of the One-Day Cup.
A government report has found evidence of a "co-ordinated agenda to impose an intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos" in schools in Birmingham.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been hit by power cuts.
When Phin Phin was admitted to a hospital in the northern Vietnamese city of Hanoi last year for eye surgery, she thought she would receive better treatment.
Argentina has said it will use the "full force of the law" to prosecute oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands.
Two brothers who became England rugby stars when they were teenagers have been remembered as "big lads" by their club's chairman.
An Italian woman who has lived for more than 90 years has died aged 112.
Scarlets head coach Steve Owens believes Racing 92 are the best team in Europe.
Widnes moved up to second in Super League with victory over St Helens in the Challenge Cup fifth round.
A boxer who was ineligible to compete for Team Wales at the Rio Olympics has said she would never return to the sport.
Maria Sharapova's return to the top of the world rankings was a welcome sight for the Stuttgart Open crowd.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat world number one Naomi Osaka in straight sets to reach the second round of the Australian Open.
Falkirk manager Neil Houston is keen to sign a young striker in the summer.
French President Francois Hollande has called for the EU to be "effective where it is needed" and to withdraw from "where it is not necessary".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of "wilfully dishonest" over his pledge to reduce immigration.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds of government funding is to be used to fund weekly black bin collections in England.
Archaeologists have discovered what they believe to be the world's oldest "geoglyphs".
Sam Walsh kicked a last-gasp try as Hull FC beat Catalans Dragons to reach the second round of the Challenge Cup.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal songs, including a cover of Don Quixote's La Mancha.
Ollie Solskjaer has been sacked as manager of Cardiff City after seven games in charge.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he will not repeat the "tough" season that saw the club relegated from the Premier League.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Williams has been re-elected.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a Scottish inn linked to the Royals.
Stephen Copoc was a father-of-two from Garston, Liverpool, who died in the Hillsborough disaster.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for the murder of a transgender woman.
Scottish tennis players should be banned from the sport if they are found to be involved in match-fixing, says Ian Fleming.
The US military is considering transferring Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison to treat her gender dysphoria, a Pentagon spokesman has said.
David Cameron and Iain Duncan Smith are to meet in Downing Street later to discuss the fallout from the resignation of the former prime minister.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the South Korea Open in the second round.
For many, it meant spending time with their grandchildren.
Mercedes dominated final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix, with Ferrari taking pole position.
St Johnstone have signed Kyle McClean from Perth United for an undisclosed fee.
Disney is one of the most successful companies in the world, but the company's recent success has been criticised by a children's author.
The number of students who have been accepted on to university courses through clearing has risen to 437,070.
The use of phosphorus fertiliser on grasslands is set to increase by 80% by the middle of the century.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has called for a ban on foreign investment in the country's housing market.
A 12-year-old boy has had a liver transplant after a 12-month wait, his grandmother has said.
A woman who conned a charity out of Â£2,000 to pay for a charity trip to Tanzania has been jailed.
A police officer who sexually abused a teenage girl while wearing his uniform has been jailed for 12 years.
ScotRail has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a bid to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth estuary.
The Belfast Panthers secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 4-1 victory over the Sheffield Devils in the Challenge Cup final.
Helen Williams has been invited back to the Miss America pageant for the first time in 32 years after she was asked to resign in 1984.
Four Royal Navy flagships are to be saved from the scrapyard in a bid to create a reef and tourism attraction, the BBC understands.
A company has submitted a business case for the proposed Western Isles electricity interconnector.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been released by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb.
Goals from Jack Grigg and Ben Marshall gave Wigan their first win of the season as they thrashed Blackburn.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to be hospitalised than their non-diabetic peers, according to research.
Nottingham Forest were held to a draw by Preston North End in the Championship.
The father of a Venezuelan protester shot dead by security forces has called on President Nicolás Maduro to clarify his son's identity.
The author of the Boston College oral history project has been ordered to hand over his personal memoirs.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a turkey rearing farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcing its citizens to return to Nigeria to fight Boko Haram militants.
The family of a pupil who died after falling into a swimming pool have won a High Court battle over compensation.
The Gambia striker Idrissa Carayol says he has received an official invitation from the Football Association of Ghana.
Burundi's ruling party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, the electoral commission says.
Savings rates are at their lowest level in more than a decade, according to a new report.
The Forth Bridge has been listed as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association has said that it is unwilling to pay off manager Gordon Strachan.
The planting of jatropha trees in deserts around the world could cut carbon dioxide emissions by up to 25 tonnes a year, according to a study.
Scotland's political leaders have urged voters to stick with the SNP in the run-up to the general election.
Burkina Faso's family has asked the French authorities to declassify military documents relating to the assassination of President Blaise Sankara, a lawyer has said.
A bridge in the southern Indian state of Goa has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
Edinburgh is the most congested city in the UK, according to a new study.
A man who secretly filmed women and children in Falkirk has been placed on the sex offenders register.
Police in Mexico have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being held against their will.
Hamilton Academical manager Tommy Wright says he will take "the hardest punishment I can do legally" with his players after they were sent off in the 2-2 draw with Hamilton.
Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist.
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the festival of the breaking of the fast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was shot in a street.
A man whose girlfriend was found dead in a men's prison said she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of insolvencies in Scotland rose in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Eleven children have been injured after a trailer they were travelling in overturned on a farm.
Andy Murray is on course to become Britain's Davis Cup captain when he takes on a Scot in the third round on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his fight with Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service at the Vatican in Rome, condemning the persecution of Christians.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to report the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a cinema in Aurora, Colorado.
Bolivian authorities say they are prepared to fumigate a swarm of locusts that have devastated agricultural land.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland were outclassed by England in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Glasgow.
The emperor penguin species is more adaptable than previously thought, according to a new study.
A rare polar bear cub has been born at a Scottish wildlife park.
Martin and McGuinness will compete in the first 120+mph time trial at this year's Isle of Man TT races.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison after being cleared of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who was pulled over for smoking a cigarette.
Fleetwood's League One play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at Shrewsbury.
Louis Armstrong's tweet saying Harry Styles is "always in my heart" has been retweeted more than five million times.
A court in Chile has sentenced a German man to life in prison for his role in the creation of a Nazi-controlled commune.
In the run-up to the general election, some of the Welsh MPs who have been campaigning for the Conservatives have been thanking their predecessor.
If you were in a fairground, there would be a fair where you would be able to take on the man mountain.
A community pub has been named the best in the UK for its "community spirit".
Mexico's health ministry says it is investigating allegations of medical fraud in the southern state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) detector has detected the existence of superparticles for the first time.
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes says the club's move from Cheltenham Town to Gloucester Town has caused fans to abandon the club.
The funeral of a Royal Marine who died while taking part in the Dunfermline Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was sexually assaulted by a man he had ordered to sell drugs has said he thought he was going to die.
A US soldier has been killed by Islamic State militants in Syria, the US military says.
Zac Efron has been named best actress at the Critics' Choice Television Awards.
Torquay United left-back Ryan Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the Premier League squad for the second half of the season.
A dolphin has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Spain after being harassed by tourists who wanted to photograph it.
Two men have been injured in an armed robbery in Londonderry.
A doctor in County Antrim is encouraging people to take part in a challenge to climb the highest mountain in the country.
Neeta Kewlani is a wheelchair-bound woman who lives in rural India.
A number of properties in Northern Ireland have been left without power after an equipment fault.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a street.
Plans for a £1.5m cycle path in Edinburgh have been rejected by councillors.
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is "on watch", according to a report.
The former head of MI5 has said the UK's involvement in the Iraq war was a "attack on Islam".
Many Clouds and The Last Samuri have been dropped from the starting line-up for this year's National Stakes.
The chief executive of the Education Authority has said the average teacher's pay in Northern Ireland is higher than the average in other parts of the UK.
The Royal Zoological Society in London has announced it is taking part in its annual population count.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has more than doubled in the past year, according to a BBC investigation.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a boy was found in a cellar in north-west Germany.
The Green Party is considering a number of electoral pacts ahead of the general election, Caroline Lucas has said.
A Lincolnshire mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect".
A US gay rights activist has been hacked to death in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, as part of a series of attacks on gay activists.
Rule The World has been retired from the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are expected to arrive in Liberia this week.
Police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a search of Inverness.
Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his role as a binman in Coronation Street, has died at the age of 83.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past 20 years, according to new figures.
The search for a botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to begin on Tuesday.
Fuel prices have risen by more than 5% in the past month, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RAC).
Students living in private accommodation at Oxford Brookes University have been told to "show consideration to their neighbours" in a letter sent to residents.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) is launching a series of new plays to mark the centenary of the birth of Willy Miller.
A hospital has banned the public from visiting its accident and emergency department because of the norovirus outbreak.
A man has been charged after two men were attacked with acid.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance has been liquidated with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs, the European Court of Commerce has ruled.
Tens of thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital, Amman, in support of King Abdullah II.
The killer of Milly Dowler may have used a "covert tape" to record his confession to police, her family has said.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the use of cannabis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes deserves "huge credit" for the club's recent success, according to former Rangers defender Stephen Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a move to the Champions League.
President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan has died at the age of 86.
A previously unreleased recording of Led Zeppelin's first live performance in 1971 has been released by the BBC.
In our series of letters from African journalists, historian and writer Dai Smith looks at the history of Wales.
A prison officer has been cut in the ear with a razor during an incident at a prison in Northern Ireland.
Online shoppers are expected to receive a surge in returns in the UK on Tuesday, according to the country's biggest postal service.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has said the current system is not fit for purpose.
The father of a schoolgirl who was killed in a coach crash in Belgium has said his daughter is still "emotionally not quite right".
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell after a controversial ghost goal.
Former Rangers midfielder John Daly says he would consider a move to Dundee United if the club offered him a new deal.
Derby County moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable victory over Ipswich.
Oil prices have risen to their highest level in more than a year.
A Chinese man has been arrested on suspicion of speeding in a Fast and Furious-style race in Beijing, state media report.
Councils in England will soon be "black-spots" where no-one on a normal income can afford to live, Shelter has warned.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill that would limit foreign ownership of Russian media.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands have been approved.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car was stolen in Belfast.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ryan Tubbs on loan until the end of the season.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to take in 160,000 more migrants over the next two years in a bid to tackle the migrant crisis.
A businessman and his father were involved in a dispute over a £10m loan to a football club, it has emerged.
It has been a turbulent week for Russia's opposition.
Supporters of Haitian opposition leader Guy Philippe have held a hearing in the US on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine.
Nurses are being offered free accommodation at three hospitals in the south of England as part of a recruitment drive.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the southern Indian city of Mumbai, officials say.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French prosecutor for allegedly leaking a sex tape to his team-mate.
Dingwall have signed midfielder Jack Chow on a two-year deal following his release by Scottish Premiership side Hamilton Academical.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One of the County Championship with victory over Hampshire at The Oval.
Thousands of people are taking part in Christmas Day swims in the sea, rivers and lidos across the UK.
Three Chinese weightlifters have been stripped of their medals for doping at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics.
The number of shops in Scotland's cities and towns has fallen in the last three years, according to a new report.
The European Union has said there will be no parallel talks with the UK over its exit from the bloc.
Greek shares have fallen sharply on renewed fears of a Greek default and a messy exit from the eurozone.
German airline Lufthansa is taking legal action against its pilots over a pay dispute.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have pleaded not guilty to a single charge after sewage leaked into a river.
George Osborne will face a "big turnaround" in household finances over the next four years, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian side Liege on loan until the end of the season.
It has been a week of intense training for the British and Irish Lions.
Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
A number of jobs are at risk at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations, the BBC understands.
The government should set a "bold new target" for delivering "world-beating" broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A sculpture thought to be a man's body has been found in a river.
A man has been jailed for two years after being caught on camera grooming a teenage girl online.
Solihull secured their first National League win of the season with a hard-fought victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has pledged to take in 110,000 new refugees by the end of the year, saying the world is facing a "crisis of epic proportion".
David Laws has said it is "not likely" he will stand again as a member of the House of Commons in 2020.
Human remains have been discovered under the roof of Brighton's Corn Exchange.
Mae'r gwasanaethau wedi cael eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader.
A case worker is to be appointed to help people affected by flooding in York, the city council has said.
A 19-year-old woman who was seriously injured in a bus crash at a hen party in Leeds has said she is lucky to be alive.
Police in Cuba have detained more than 100 human rights activists who were protesting against the government's treatment of dissidents.
The number of new cars sold in Scotland reached a record high in March, according to new figures.
Police have issued a warning to tourists in Edinburgh after they were impersonated by two men posing as police officers.
The EU says it will not reopen the controversial trade deal with Canada, despite protests in Germany and across Europe.
A chocolate maker has recreated the Battle of Trafalgar to mark the centenary of the end of World War One.
A man had to be rescued 17 times after suffering a cardiac arrest outside hospital.
Olympic gold medallist Hannah O'Connell led Great Britain's eight to victory in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships in Malta.
Children's charity Kids Company has been accused of failing to act on allegations of sexual harassment and blackmail, the BBC has learned.
A dog who has become a social media sensation after being found wandering around a supermarket has been reunited with his owners.
Bradford moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Shrewsbury.
The new mayor of the South African city of Tshwane has said he will stop buying new luxury cars.
The Unite union has said it is "confident" that the pension arrangements for Bernard Matthews workers will be honoured.
A wheelchair user has been injured in an explosion at Beijing International Airport, state media report.
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker crashed on the M4 in Cardiff.
He is one of the most famous Belgians in the history of football.
Dumfriesshire Council has said it is "extremely concerned" about the pace of progress being made on a new emergency response centre.
Legoland has said it is working with a council to improve its traffic management.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" after being placed in special measures following an inspection.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.
A girl who was robbed at knifepoint has written a letter to the burglar saying she is "proud" of her.
A teenager has been arrested after a machete was found in a street in south-east London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined Arizona Phoenix on a two-year deal.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas.
A 20-year-old man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in New Zealand.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill will not defend her title at the 2020 Games in Tokyo, says her coach Michele Minichiello.
Will Miller scored a late equaliser as Wolves came from behind to draw with Burton.
A pregnant mother and her young daughter were threatened with a gun during a burglary at their home in Manchester.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen by 23% in the past year, according to new figures.
The Himalayan nation of Bhutan is one of the world's most isolated countries.
Motherwell striker Grant has backed the appointment of Shelley Kerr as the new head coach of Scottish women's football.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade.
Plans to close a community hospital in Flintshire have been met with a public consultation.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon international striker Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly's second-half header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool.
The Welsh Assembly has voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite reservations.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Egyptian writer and blogger Nawara Negm explains how the internet has helped organise a sit-in in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
A by-election has been held in Ayrshire.
An Italian court has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven leading seismologists convicted of causing a deadly earthquake.
A drug that boosts the immune system could be used in combination with current antibiotics, a study suggests.
Police failed to properly investigate the extent of the sexual exploitation of children and young people who went missing from care in 2013, a report has found.
Zombie movies are a staple of South Korean cinema, and they are about to get even more popular.
Kenyan authorities have detained Congolese singer Emmanuel Olomide in the capital, Kinshasa, after he was arrested on suspicion of assault.
Three convicted rapists have gone missing from a prison in Gloucestershire.
Brendan Rodgers has been appointed Celtic manager.
Kanye West has said he would like to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea.
Some flights have been delayed at Edinburgh Airport after a fault with the British Airways (BAA) network left passengers unable to check in.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was taken to hospital with suspected drugs offences.
Burma has declared a state of emergency in the restive western state of Rakhine, which has been gripped by religious and ethnic violence since May.
Mafia members return to school a year earlier than their white-collar counterparts, a study suggests.
Salford Red Devils have signed Wigan Warriors full-back Josh Tomkins on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Airbus's chief executive, Didier Bregier, has said the company would reconsider investment in the UK if the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A rocky planet orbiting a red dwarf star has been confirmed as a planet by the Kepler space telescope.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire has been named.
Poland goalkeeper Matej Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Two special buildings are going to be built in China to help fight pollution.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the 10m synchronised platform at the Rio Olympics after failing to reach the final.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley and reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
A report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers.
A Norwich student has been turned away from his home because he is from West Africa.
The BBC is to extend the length of its 10 o'clock News bulletin from Monday to Thursday.
The Rugby Football Union is warning of a rise in the number of coaches being sacked in the Premiership.
Craig Shakespeare's appointment as Leicester City manager is "almost out of order", according to former England midfielder Paul Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a carer who took her own life.
Sony has announced plans to restart production of vinyl records in Japan.
A polar bear cub born at a Scottish wildlife park has been taken "off show".
Exposure to the UK's summer sunshine several times a week is probably a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new powers to tackle non-violent extremism as part of its counter-extremism strategy.
Campaigners are calling for a new specialist centre for young men with a rare condition to be set up in Wales.
A bridge damaged in the Christmas floods is to be closed for six months as part of £4.5m repairs.
Burns retained his WBC cruiserweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Carlos Beltran at the Scotstoun Arena.
Thousands of people have marched through the South African city of Durban to protest against xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a second floor flat, police have said.
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially "disapply" the purdah period in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner who wants to donate Â£18,000 to a charity is to receive his first payment from HM Revenue and Customs.
The Iron Age crannog estate in Monmouthshire is believed to be the oldest in Wales.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn six-figure salaries, according to figures obtained by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
It's almost 100 years since the end of World War One.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit tax credits paid to new EU migrants for up to four years.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old boy was seriously injured in a street brawl in Hove.
Republican presidential hopefuls have clashed over their tax plans in the first televised debate of the primary campaign.
A man's body has been found in a car in Birmingham.
Ukrainian troops have left the rebel-held town of Debaltseve, the president says.
American rock band Revolution Radio have topped the US album chart with their new album, Revolution Radio.
Lee Clark has been appointed as the new manager of League One side Bury on a two-year deal.
Turkey has sacked more than 1,000 soldiers in the wake of last month's failed coup.
Councils in England and Wales are carrying out "urgent checks" of their high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Welsh animation pioneer Mike Young is to make a new series of SuperTed.
At least two Egyptian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia, the Saudi Arabian state news agency has said.
A man who was seriously injured in a knife attack has said he is "not ready to meet his attacker".
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the PGA Championship at Royal Birkdale because of a back injury.
Exeter kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Cambridge.
The boss of Rolls-Royce has been accused of being a "scaremonger" by the Unite union over the company's investment in Derby.
Pakistan's cricket team's tour of Bangladesh has been postponed because of "terrorism", chief minister Asif Ali Khan has said.
Scientists have discovered a way to stop a deadly fungus from invading the body of birds.
A plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning.
Scientists have reconstructed the "complete central nervous system" of an extinct arthropod.
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a baby who went missing in 2004.
A campaign has been launched to stop traffic backing up to Thruxton on a holiday weekend following the closure of a road next to Stonehenge Bottom.
The longest married couple in the UK are celebrating their 86th birthday.
Birmingham City have held talks with striker Jonny Caddis about his future.
England fast bowler James Johnson says he hopes the scars from his side's Ashes defeat will come back.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Team Sky retained the overall lead.
A number of paint bombs have been thrown over an Orange Hall in Londonderry.
At least two people have been killed in a truck crash at a motorbike show in South Africa, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on immigration, one of its MPs has said.
The number of fire engines in Suffolk could be axed as part of £1.3m cuts.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to enable encryption on their iOS operating systems.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has warned that mini-drones could be used as weapons of war to "every single human being".
Northern Ireland is among the best performing schools in Europe in maths and reading, according to a new study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth took a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
The UK is considering whether to take military action against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Two care workers who plotted to kill an elderly woman by pretending she knocked her head on the head board have been given community orders.
One in every five babies born in England in 2015 was born addicted to drugs, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
The makers of Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised after incorrect answers were given in the first run of the game.
German police have stepped up security ahead of a Euro 2016 football match between Germany and the Netherlands in Berlin.
Animals in the Arctic tundra are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by electricity cables, according to new research.
US movie-maker Imax has filed to list its shares in Hong Kong on the stock market.
Four teenagers who died in a crash in Powys were on a "high-speed mission", an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been caught driving a "gold fleet" of luxury cars with parking tickets on their windscreen.
Liverpool Reds batsman Michael Gennett hit a career-best four-run home run in the Reds' 4-1 win over Baltimore on Saturday.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct charges.
Andy Murray moved into the Davis Cup quarter-finals with a straight-set win over his British team-mate for the first time.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said the US is "turning around" in Somalia, as he arrived in the capital, Mogadishu.
Former England footballer Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "wonderful wife" after she died of cancer.
A search is under way for a teenager who has been missing off the coast of Devon.
A man who stabbed his great-grandfather to death was not psychotic at the time of the attack, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club after Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Scunthorpe.
The UK's local TV network is to be launched by Ofcom, the country's broadcasting regulator.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a head injury while flying in formation.
Schools in India are buying a vegetarian book that says Eskimos (Inuit) are "lazy, sluggish and short-lived" because they live on a diet largely of meat.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Bristol.
Aberystwyth railway is a place where young people are being taught how to make things from scratch.
Russian athletes have been accused of trying to cheat doping control officers to avoid positive tests, a report says.
The BBC News website looks at some of the top stories in the news this week.
A judge in Brazil has charged a prominent supporter of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption.
An international police agency has appealed for help in tracking down nine people it believes are involved in wildlife crime.
Chinese shares have fallen sharply after a closely watched survey showed the country's manufacturing sector contracted in September.
Jono Gibbs has been appointed head coach of Ulster.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join Scottish Labour.
Two people have been rescued after falling down a mountain in the Highlands.
ChemChina has been given the go-ahead to buy French pesticides and seeds maker Syngenta.
A man has been arrested in Sweden on suspicion of carrying out a terrorist attack on a building in the Swedish capital, Stockholm.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves to maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County midfielder Ryan Pidgeley on a two-year deal.
UKIP is at a "crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to win back support, the party's campaign chairman Andy Banks has said.
The summer transfer window closed at Celtic Park on Tuesday, with the Scottish Premiership's bottom club still in the hunt for a top-six finish.
Marta does not normally shop in the morning.
A lorry has crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Ryan Davis on a free transfer.
Britain's David Grabarz won his second gold medal of the World Championships with victory in the men's 1.80m.
Celtic lifted the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history as Joe Rogic's second-half strike secured victory over Aberdeen.
Championship side Doncaster Rovers have signed former Northern Ireland midfielder Ryan Kettings on a two-year deal.
Five al-Qaeda suspects accused of the 9/11 attacks have refused to answer questions during a military tribunal hearing in Guantanamo Bay.
Beyonce has been nominated for three Grammy Awards, including best album and best pop album.
Plans for a new stadium in Truro and Falmouth have been branded an "empty promise" by the prime minister.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is considering a move to Chelsea, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
League One side Stags have signed Dundee United striker Alex McDiarmid on a season-long loan deal.
The wreckage of a World War Two Spitfire, which was flown by the author Alec Lumsden, has failed to sell at auction.
Two major energy firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 jobs in Scotland.
Two chicks have been born at a Gloucestershire castle - the first of its kind in the UK.
The government's immigration cap has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a shortage of nurses, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the light of a rise in insurance premium tax.
Former Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech, ex-Millwall defender Tom Ward and ex-Everton striker Tom Ward all use their spare time to spend time with their cats.
Easter should be celebrated on the first Sunday after the spring equinox, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in air strikes on Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
It has been described as a "status vehicle" - a car that can be found in supermarket car parks.
Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Caton on loan from Shrewsbury Town until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has ruled that President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries is unconstitutional.
Hundreds of people have protested against plans to close five libraries in West Yorkshire.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday came from behind to draw with Burnley.
Greggs, the UK's biggest bakery chain, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for the three months to the end of September.
Johannes Jung won Great Britain's first medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the dressage on Sam, ridden by France's Christian Fischertakinou.
Wind farm developers in the UK will be able to sell part of their business to local communities under a new government plan.
A 37-year-old man has been charged over the deaths of two cats and a dog in Surrey.
A beach where a bodyboarder was killed by a river has become "extremely dangerous", a council has said.
Humpback whales are a fascinating species to look at.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold for another month.
China's state media have launched a fresh attack on an international arbitration tribunal's ruling that it has jurisdiction over the South China Sea.
Asian shares have fallen after the US economy unexpectedly slowed down in the first quarter of the year.
David Warner hit an unbeaten century as Australia and West Indies played out a draw in the third Test.
At least eight people have been rescued from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf amid flooding along the banks of the River Danube.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being assaulted in Caernarfon, police have said.
Two teenagers have been arrested after knives, scissors and cannabis were seized from a street in south London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Kunle Adegbola looks at the rising popularity of cricket in Nigeria.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than previously thought, the governor of the Bank of England has said.
Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn has reported a 13% rise in quarterly profits, helped by the launch of its iPad mini.
Welsh saint Winefride, the daughter of a 7th Century nobleman, became a nun and became one of Wales' most famous saints, 600 years ago.
Mercedes team-mate Max Verstappen will head to the Brazilian Grand Prix on Sunday to take part in one of the world's most important motorsports events.
A man has been cleared of raping and sexually assaulting a student almost two years ago.
Workers at a Carmarthenshire chemical plant are to lose their jobs at the end of the year.
A 1,400-year-old mystery surrounding King Arthur's birthplace has been solved.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring again, says manager Claudio Ranieri.
The Conservative Party is on the cusp of a new wave of Euroscepticism.
Nick Clegg has said the Conservatives will cut "much deeper than is necessary" to balance the books and make the poorest bear the heaviest burden.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by seven wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in Melbourne.
UKIP AM Paul Gill has said he would give up one of his jobs if asked by the party's new leader, Paul Nuttall.
Residents of a street where Channel 4's Benefits Street was filmed have been offered advice on how to avoid unwanted advances.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (POA).
A man has written a letter to the National Trust asking for help in tracing a photographer who took his last photograph of his wife.
Ivory Coast's pharmaceutical authority has banned the use of whitening creams in the country.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit.
More than 1,306 Islamic State militants were killed in UK air strikes in Iraq between 2 December 2015 and 2 December 2016, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Norwich International Airport has removed its information website after a hacker claimed he could gain access to the site.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been approved.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a Frenchman whose body was found wrapped in tarpaulin.
When Ukraine's biggest medical centre was hit by a cyber-attack last month, its radiologists had to turn off the body scanners.
Wasps maintained their unbeaten home record this season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a bus in Edinburgh.
Dennis Dewani has been cleared of plotting to murder his wife in their Cape Town taxi while on honeymoon in South Africa.
A shale gas firm has said it will invest Â£50m in Lancashire in the exploration phase.
The head of Mexico's consumer protection agency has been sacked after his daughter tried to close down a restaurant in the capital, Mexico City.
Downing Street has said it is "very enthusiastic" about the prospect of finding and restoring two RAF Spitfire planes buried in Burma.
Two climbers have been winched to safety from the top of a ridge in the Vale of Glamorgan.
A controversial system which allows asylum seekers to be detained while awaiting hearings has been temporarily suspended.
It is almost inevitable that the UK's new fiscal constitution will give more power to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in woodland in Essex have been released.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock has announced plans to open a new factory in London as part of a drive to diversify its client base.
When two brothers decided to enter a bottled beer competition, they had no idea they would go on to become one of the UK's biggest brewers.
The value of the pound has fallen sharply against the dollar and the yen ahead of the UK's referendum on leaving the European Union.
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for trying to kill his partner has appealed against his conviction.
The body of a Briton who died fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Syria has been flown back to the UK.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records is lawful.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Anders Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Kennel staff have released a video showing how a dog was kept in a cage for two years before being destroyed.
There is "no glory in opposition", Labour leadership contender Chuka Umunna has said.
A man died after being hit by a boat in Gwynedd, an inquest has heard.
The Islamic State (IS) group has sentenced 25 men to death for their part in the massacre of more than 100 Shia recruits in Iraq in 2011.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by the Surfstitch Group for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Colchester moved up to fourth in League One with victory over Bradford City thanks to a second-half goal from Matt Ambrose.
Neolithic huts dating back 4,500 years have been uncovered in Northumberland.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Britain's Tony Parker will fight Mexico's Carlos Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title in New Zealand on 10 December.
Pasg Hapus i chi'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley's suspension from international rugby does not prevent him from becoming England captain, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months says his son is in a coma.
It is a word that has never been uttered before.
A 20-year-old Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US agent in 2010.
The White House has condemned threats made to Jewish community centres in the US, saying they are "unacceptable".
When you look at the statistics, it is easy to see why England are so dominant in the Six Nations.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced that it is to release its self-driving technology to other carmakers.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect further delays and cancellations as a strike by Network Rail signallers goes ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal have arrested a man they say was the leader of a gang which attacked a convent school in March.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution to ban emoji of the Republic of Chile and the Lone Star state's national flag.
The Premier League has signed a new three-year US television rights deal with NBC Universal.
Part of a road in Staffordshire is to be closed as part of a £1m project to improve water quality.
Turkey says it has summoned Russia to "strongly protest" after Russia accused it of violating its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Steve Addicks says his side are "never willing to lie down" as they attempt to climb into the Premiership's top six.
Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough left-back Ben Chilwell until the end of the season.
Dutch cyclist Katarina van den Driessche has been suspended for six months after her bike was found to contain a hidden motor.
As Conor McGregor prepares to defend his UFC featherweight title against Floyd Mayweather in Manchester on Saturday, BBC Sport takes a tour of the city's new training facility.
England prop Owen Farrell has been ruled out of Saturday's Test against Australia at Twickenham because of a knee injury.
A schoolgirl from Dumfries has launched a petition calling for a drug to be made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Lichfield have called for the Rugby Football Union to reconsider its decision to exclude them from the Women's Super Rugby competition.
The Football Association's decision not to call up England's under-21s for the European Championship was "not necessarily the right thing to do", says chief executive Gareth Ashworth.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police officer has been praised for saving the life of a mother and baby after he helped deliver a baby.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and sexually assaulted by men in London has been jailed for seven years.
A man who raped a teenage girl in a Cambridgeshire restaurant has been jailed for eight years.
Firefighters have been dealing with a blaze at a petrol station in Inverness.
More than 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain caused flash flooding.
A report into the disappearance of 43 Mexican trainee teachers in September has found no evidence that the bodies were incinerated.
The UK military is to send troops to Somalia to help with peacekeeping operations against the country's Islamist militant group.
A six-year-old girl who was seriously injured when an inflatable football was blown into a crowd is to have surgery.
United States striker Abby Wambach will retire from international football at the end of the 2016-17 season.
The UK is the worst place in the world to start breastfeeding, according to a new report.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Tom Kebble for next season.
Widnes Vikings head coach Alan Betts says his side are still doing "good things" despite their recent drop in form.
The Palace of Westminster has denied allegations that Prince Andrew sexually abused a woman in the 1990s.
Krystian Pearce scored the only goal of the game as Mansfield drew with York.
Two people have been arrested after a man was found seriously injured in a street in Brighton.
A Dundee man has been jailed for two years for coercing a woman into having sex with him.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Huddersfield Town striker Jordan Rhodes on a season-long loan deal.
The first temporary school buildings have been built at a Lancashire school devastated by a fire.
Scarlets chief executive Jon Davies would like to see Wales' best players back in Wales.
Petra Kvitova beat Romania's Simona Halep to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Finals in Singapore.
A County Londonderry man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of burglars.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to be demolished as part of a major revamp.
West Yorkshire Police has said it has investigated more than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in the past year.
Authorities in the US are investigating the deaths of dozens of undocumented immigrants who were found locked in a trailer near the border with Mexico.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Solihull Moors looks at her struggle to lose weight.
A collection of clothing and beauty products belonging to the Windrush generation is going on display at a Nottingham museum.
John Whittingdale is behaving as if he were running the BBC, the shadow culture secretary has said, amid reports the broadcaster could be ordered to change its scheduling.
A disabled woman has said she was refused a taxi in Carmarthenshire because he told her to walk.
Europe's Philae comet lander has made contact with Earth for the first time in seven months, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
A police officer has been arrested after performing karaoke in a Glasgow pub.
Mikael Viljoen took four wickets in his final five overs as Derbyshire struggled on day one against Gloucestershire.
Sinn Féin has said it will take unilateral action if the government does not intervene in the crisis at Stormont.
Chris Buck took a career-best 11 wickets as Northamptonshire dominated the second day of their County Championship match against Durham.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about a woman who has been missing for more than a week.
An advert featuring zombie-like characters has been pulled by a conferencing company.
Gary Madine's second-half goal earned Bolton a 3-2 win over Sheffield United in the EFL Cup first round.
Muslims in France are taking part in a "brotherly cup of tea" to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Scottish fishermen have agreed a 5% increase in their cod quota for next year.
A pilot and his wife have been rescued after their plane crashed in the East Midlands.
For more than a century the Swansea Canal has been a vital part of the city's history.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien have been named in the Ireland squad for Tuesday's Six Nations match against Scotland.
Landlords in England are to be given the power to evict migrants who have been convicted of housing offences.
Dutch justice minister Wilfried Opstelten has resigned after he was accused of lying about a payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Craig Swankie's stoppage-time strike gave Cowdenbeath victory over Arbroath to move up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
A developer has been refused permission for a housing project in Carrickfergus, County Antrim.
A norovirus outbreak has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
China has long been a country of fear.
Crocodile egg harvesting is a lucrative business in Australia.
A fleet of gritters has been put on the roads of Dumfries and Galloway ahead of the start of the winter season.
Ricky is a robot expert from the University of Sheffield.
The mother of murdered toddler Liam Fee has said she is "shocked, totally shocked" by the deaths of her former friends.
Plans for a new paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the government.
More than 1,000 migrants and refugees have moved out of the so-called "container camp" in the French port city of Calais, officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
Four people have been arrested after two teenagers were stabbed in Essex.
Plans to bring back eight councils in north Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£56.3bn) in cash and stock.
A man who was sexually assaulted as a child by a teacher at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's handling of the inquiry.
A Russian motorcycle group has pulled out of a planned road trip through Poland, amid criticism of its links with Russia.
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa captain after the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew 0.9% in the March quarter compared with the same period last year, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most iconic birds.
Force India have signed Mexican driver Sergio Perez on a two-year deal from next season.
A mother has been ordered to keep her son home from school for six months.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Italian Open.
A new clinic is being set up in Cardiff to help survivors of female genital mutilation (FGM).
Scientists say they have developed a new class of plastic that can be reused, rather than thrown away.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to venture capitalist David Woodford.
A new gin distillery is being built in the Scottish Borders.
A Victorian lace factory in Nottingham has been destroyed in a fire.
Men are more likely to die early than women, according to official figures.
A Michigan university fraternity member has been charged with hazing a fellow student after allegedly forcing him to eat peanut butter.
Norway's prime minister has turned down a request to move one of its highest peaks across the border with Finland.
The Scottish economy will grow at a slower rate than expected this year, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he was asked to be secretary of state by President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed to a bride-to-be to take a photo with her on her wedding day after a bridge collapsed.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A memorial to the soldiers who died in World War Two is to be created after a fundraising appeal was raised.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the BBC that the pace of political change in the country has slowed.
A man has been found guilty of armed robbery after CCTV footage was caught on camera of him trying to rob a shop.
The National Police Association (NBPA) says it is "very, very concerned" about the behaviour of senior officers in the police service.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old coins found in County Antrim has been described as a "euphoric" discovery.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being rescued from the sea in Newcastle.
A British man who was killed in a crash in Thailand has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
England midfielder Luke Shaw has been named in Manchester United's squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has announced his retirement from the Scottish Parliament.
Three US hospitals have been left in an "internal state of emergency" after being hit by malware that encrypts files, documents and images.
This year BodyPositive is bringing you the very best in health & fitness, wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty.
Sepp Blatter should resign as Fifa president, David Cameron has said.
Two diners have been killed in a stampede at a restaurant in the Spanish city of El Pais, a restaurant owner has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to police.
Frenchman Esteban Ocon has joined Mercedes for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A care home in Dumfries and Galloway has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Dog owners are used to saying things in a different language to their pets.
Four men have been found guilty of murdering a drug dealer in a turf war in Rhyl.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ikechi Akpan has been given a two-match touchline ban after being found guilty of a Football Association misconduct charge.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City secured their first Championship win of the season as they came from behind to beat Cardiff City.
Adam Voges and Mark Malan hit centuries as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season against Hampshire.
Plans to stop offering soya-based infant formula milk to people with lactose intolerance and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease are being considered.
Touchscreens are a familiar sight to many, but they are also a source of nasty smears.
A Cardiff University student who was diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer has received more than 5,000 registrations in the last week, a charity has said.
An Australian toddler who was born with a rare form of twinning has undergone pioneering surgery to remove part of her leg.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a housing complex in Fife.
Bristol City have re-signed midfielder Chris O'Neill on a two-year deal.
It is Ladies' Day at Aintree Racecourse in Liverpool and it is widely seen as one of the most glamorous events of the year.
A woman who died after undergoing life-saving surgery at Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital could have survived, an inquest has heard.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA).
England director of cricket Steve Smith says one-day cricket is "a funny game".
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports that the club have improved their offer for Jamie Walker.
David Wright beat Michael van Gerwen to win the World Championship for the first time in his career.
What do Northern Ireland's politicians think about the prospect of the UK leaving the European Union?
Scotland captain Scott Greer says he is open to a move to a Premier League side.
Defence is one of the most important issues for British voters.
Lord Avebury, the Liberal Democrat MP for Orpington, has died at the age of 87.
The number of new council homes sold in Scotland has reached its highest level since 2009, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and should not be allowed to lead the Conservative Party one day, Lord Heseltine has said.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's centres.
Crystal Palace secured their first win of the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £16,000 compensation for injuries they suffered in the workplace last year.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is being negotiated by the European Union and the US.
Bristol head coach Rob Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the departure of Steve Borthwick as England head coach.
Germany's trade deficit widened by 0.5% in November compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
A Red Cross volunteer who witnessed a jet crash on the A27 in Kent has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours list.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) is a "rather timid body" and needs to get stronger, former chief executive Lord Myners has said.
A statue of a giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled at a ceremony in Oswestry.
Russian President Vladimir Putin met French far-right leader Marine Le Pen at the Elysee Palace in Paris on Tuesday.
The Liberal Democrats have said they will invest £1bn in apprenticeships and training over the next five years if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its headquarters out of London after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A sex offender has been jailed for more than 35 months for child sex offences.
A police officer has been recommended to receive a disciplinary sanction after he mistakenly searched his home using the wrong name and date of birth.
Spain's Carla Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Grand Slam title with victory in the Madrid Open final.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win their final World Cup Pool B match against South Africa.
Gatwick Airport has promised to pay Â£1,000 towards the cost of building a new runway in south-east England.
League Two side Carlisle United have signed midfielder Pedro on a one-month loan deal.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
Crewe Alexandra have signed Bury striker David Lowe on a one-year deal.
A British woman has been jailed for five months in Malaysia for taking indecent photos of herself at a peak in the north-east of the country.
Ethiopia is one of the most prosperous countries on the continent.
The family of a teenager killed in a bomb attack on a culture centre in the Syrian town of Kobane are weeping.
A memorial to aircrew killed in action has been damaged during a break-in at Lincoln Air Ambulance Centre.
Northampton Town's administration petition against the club has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Shares in two of Hong Kong's biggest financial firms have fallen sharply after they were suspended from trading.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 MPs to his front bench, including eight from the black and minority ethnic community.
The Premier League has frozen or even reduced 70% of its season ticket prices this year.
Authorities in India have fined cricketer Ravindra Jadeja for taking selfies with lions at a national park.
A prisoner who was due to appear in court on charges of assaulting two schoolboys has died in prison.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on British TV has more than doubled in the past year, a report has found.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of "ruthlessly raiding" the budget for free schools in England.
The Metropolitan Police are investigating allegations of electoral malpractice in the run-up to the mayoral election in Tower Hamlets.
It was 12 months ago that the Copper Box Arena in London's Olympic Park was closed to the public.
Castleford Tigers full-back Ben Chase says he is in the best shape he has ever been after signing a new contract.
Great Britain's Adam Rooney has moved into the bronze medal position at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in Beijing.
The number of cups of coffee consumed by people in Italy and the Netherlands may be linked to their thirst for coffee, a study suggests.
Thailand has formally invited Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn to succeed his late father as king.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has announced that Peter Robinson has withdrawn from the race to become its next leader.
First Lady Carwyn Jones is to return to Cardiff for the first time since giving birth to her son.
The Church of Ireland has said it supports civil same-sex marriage.
A body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty to conspiring to ship epoxy coating to Pakistan for the construction of a nuclear power plant.
The new Ghostbusters movie is set to be made by Sony Pictures.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned to expect delays as part of major improvements.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in support of independence for the Spanish region of Catalonia.
Prince Harry has revealed that he was surprised to receive Christmas hats and balloons during a visit to a children's home in South Africa.
Singapore has introduced new rules to limit the number of taxi booking apps that can charge passengers for their services.
Steven Finn will replace James Anderson as England's opening batsman in the first Test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
A dog who was shot in the head by a police officer has been described as a hero.
A family has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in Moray.
Police in the US city of Chicago have shot dead four people during a week-long protest over the shooting of a man.
The leader of Lesotho's unity government has said he has been removed from control by the army.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a "campaign of political harassment" after a break-in at his office in Cardiff.
A campaign is being launched to stop the building of pylons in the Lake District.
On 11 July 1995, the United British Legion (UBELONG) sent a convoy of tanks to Hanoi, Vietnam, to capture the stories of North Vietnamese veterans who survived the Vietnam War.
Baltimore has lifted a state of emergency imposed over the death of a black man.
Aberdeen have signed Aberdeen midfielder Ryan Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious knee injury.
Lancashire batsman Alviro Petersen hit his second first-class century of the season on day two of their County Championship match against Worcestershire at Lord's.
(Close): US stocks closed little changed on Tuesday after emails from Donald Trump's presidential campaign were released.
David Cameron has said leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake".
Sebastian Coe, the British Olympic and Paralympic record breaker, has died at the age of 93.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Kamdjo on a two-year deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from all football-related activity for two years.
A man accused of throwing sulphuric acid on a journalist has told a court that he thought it was a burglary.
Vauxhall is recalling more than 280,000 cars after a number of them caught fire.
Donald Trump has accused the Republican Party of being "rigged" and "crooked" as he launched his bid for the party's presidential nomination.
Star Wars fans have been given the chance to fight with lightsabers for the first time in the UK.
A man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry in South Ayrshire.
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to drill for oil in the Chukchi Sea.
A 27-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after a woman was shot dead at his home in Johannesburg.
Turkey's government has blocked access to Tor, one of the world's most popular internet services, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Luis Suarez has left the club by mutual consent.
Japan's men's rugby union team has won the World Cup for the first time since 2002.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a fresh assault on the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, officials say.
A Co-op sign painted over with the word "wrong" has been painted over.
When I first started working for Leicester Tigers in the 1970s, I knew that they would be the dominant side in the Premiership.
More than 1,000 workers in Nottingham have been told they will have to pay for a parking permit under a council scheme.
Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren hopes Rafael Benitez has allowed him more control of the club.
Celtic striker Scott Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to leave the club to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans to transform one of Wales' most recognisable buildings into a "cultural quarter" have been unveiled.
Voters in England will be required to show ID before casting their ballots under government plans to introduce a new form of ID.
Luke Mullaney's unbeaten century helped Nottinghamshire take control on day two against Surrey at Trent Bridge.
The family of a paralysed man who died at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland have said he is "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him".
A petition calling for better road safety for horses has been submitted to the Welsh assembly.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has won the National Book of the Year award.
Deaf students in England are facing cuts of more than £100m to their allowances, the government has announced.
A writer has described being asked to cover up place names at a Women's Institute (WI) fair as "farcical".
Ireland scrum-half CJ Stander says Conor Murray will not be given an armchair ride in Saturday's Pro12 game against Munster.
Women who are overweight or obese are to be recruited to take part in a two-year trial to see if losing weight could reduce the risk of recurrence of breast cancer.
Leonardo Goretzka scored twice as Germany beat Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup final.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed 27 marathons in South Africa in a bid to raise money for charity.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side's second-half display was crucial to their 2-1 win over Huddersfield.
Crotone ended a run of three straight Serie A defeats with a 3-1 win over Lazio at Crotone.
Matthew Ritchie is to direct a film adaptation of the TV series The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria's economy has fallen into recession for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rally in energy stocks.
Nicholas George Winton has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to help Jewish refugees during World War Two.
The number of prisoners released in error in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Prince George is to be commemorated on a new £5 coin, the Royal Mint has announced.
The North East Coast Exhibition is to be held in Gateshead next year, organisers have announced.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her 19-year-old son in County Londonderry.
Juventus clinched the Serie A title for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United won the Championship title for the first time in their history with victory over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed at a supermarket.
When I first heard the debate about Yorkshire's future in the 1960s I was a bit taken aback.
Barratt Homes has announced plans for two new housing developments in Edinburgh.
Britain's Kat Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline at the Rio Games.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory over Liverpool.
Witches' marks have been found in medieval houses, churches and other buildings in the hope of making the world a safer place, it has been claimed.
Tens of thousands of people have been using social media to check out Didcot Power Station's tall tower.
A ferry service between Sandown and Southsea could be extended to the Isle of Wight, according to Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey has fallen to its lowest level since 1987.
Northern Ireland's tourism minister has said the Titanic Belfast visitors' centre is not yet mature enough.
A mental health patient who admitted killing a man in his Brighton home has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire next year.
Barnet extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Hartlepool.
Sunderland midfielder Jermaine Kirchhoff will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Christian Harnik has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Claude Montanier says the League Cup is "very important" for the club's hopes of qualifying for the Europa League.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with the aircraft.
A display of ceramic poppies in a Yorkshire sculpture park has seen a 170% rise in visitor numbers.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has come out as gay.
The PSNI has said it will carry out a review into all deaths linked to soldiers who carried out patrols in Belfast in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town to protect young people from anti-social behaviour.
A British boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for assaulting his girlfriend because she thought he was going to kill her.
The US says it has learned that Kenneth Bae, who was detained in North Korea for 15 months, has been returned to a labour camp in Pyongyang.
Two of the UK's most famous seaside piers are being put up for sale.
South Africa head coach Mark Domingo is set to leave his post at the end of the season.
Some of the UK's biggest ISPs are still not doing enough to protect their websites after the TalkTalk hack, a BBC investigation has found.
Online gambling firms are breaking consumer law by offering "wagering requirements" which prevent punters from withdrawing their winnings, the UK's competition watchdog has said.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in their Euro 2016 qualifier against Poland was disappointing.
Electrical fields have been used to boost the ability of people to solve maths puzzles, according to scientists at Cardiff University.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Bradford has been named by police.
Documents obtained by the Guardian show that the US government has access to millions of phone records.
Rory McIlroy says he is "not feeling great" ahead of the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire batsman Adam Bell has announced his retirement from international cricket.
The mayor of Nice, Bernard Cazeneuve, has been accused of covering up the attack on the city's seafront by the interior ministry.
Lewis Hamilton said it was a "very, very odd weekend" as Mercedes dominated the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye, a former aide to Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, has been on the run for more than a decade.
A Cardiff man has said he fears for his pets after a colony ofTube web spiders invaded his home.
Ulster Bank has reported a pre-tax profit of £27m for the year to the end of March.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in Aberdeen.
A Nobel laureate has apologised for saying he had trouble with girls in the lab, saying it was "a very stupid thing to do".
The number of people seeking help for social care in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to official figures.
A Bolivian air traffic control officer has written to the Brazilian authorities to accuse her superiors of a cover-up over the deadly Chapecoense plane crash in 2014.
A group of members of a cult in China have been sentenced to 20 years in prison for the murder of a woman in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry has hit back at Taylor Swift, saying: "I love her."
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay in support of the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
More than £500,000 has been spent by civil servants in the first three months of the year, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Plans for a new Scottish film studio in Edinburgh have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Prue Leith is to leave BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 years judging the show.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game as Egypt beat Uganda to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Dog owners in Oxford could face tougher fines under plans being considered by the city council.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe's political crisis.
The University of Stafford has announced it is to open a new teaching centre in the town.
A number of people have been killed in a tsunami in Greenland, officials say.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the A90 in County Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump "very shortly", the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department tried to force the FBI to change a Hillary Clinton email to unclassified, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the world's most expensive city to live in terms of quality of life, according to a survey.
Gillingham manager Paul Pennock says he is "very happy" with the club's new-look squad.
Lionsgate Pictures has struck a deal to distribute video games through its Steam virtual reality platform.
Mexican authorities say they have broken up the group responsible for the escape of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman.
The completion of a new high school in North Lanarkshire is unlikely to be completed in October, Highland Council has said.
The government has announced changes to the way it calculates the amount of VAT it charges on goods sold.
Pupils at the highest-performing schools will be better suited to studying vocational subjects, the head of Ofsted has said.
Work has begun on Portsmouth's new naval base.
Police searching for a missing Edinburgh man have moved to London in a bid to trace him.
Fishermen and anglers are being asked to report sightings of a rare shark off the coast of Wales for the first time in more than a decade.
Lava has been spewing out from a volcano in Hawaii in the US.
RTÉ has failed in its bid to have a High Court injunction discharged over comments made by a Sinn Féin TD in the Dáil.
Team Sky have withdrawn Colombian climber Sergio Henao from the Tour de France.
The US says it has reached an agreement with the Czech government to free a man who went missing while working in Syria.
A review into the murder of Pat Finucane has found that senior RUC officers deliberately lied to criminal investigators about a plot to kill him.
Scottish football is suffering from "poor headlines", according to Professional Footballers' Association chairman Mark Wishart.
A Chicago police officer has pleaded not guilty to charges over the fatal shooting of a black teenager last year.
The Independent newspaper is to stop printing its print editions, its owner has announced.
Newport County have rejected a bid from Gillingham for defender David Byrne.
A plastic fiver has been introduced to the back of all of Northern Ireland's bank notes.
An Australian man who went missing six days ago has said he is lucky to be alive.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side are "not ready to fight for the Premier League" after their 2-0 defeat by Liverpool left them 12 points clear at the top of the table.
Syrian government forces have captured a key district of the city of Homs, state media report.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been questioned by police over an allegation that he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport on Monday.
Protesters in the eastern Russian region of Abkhazia have arrested the president of the region, accusing him of attempting a coup.
India's transport ministry has been praised for helping a pregnant woman find milk for her baby daughter in a crowded train station.
Pop group Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a music video for a new single.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Leicester have all denied allegations made in the Sunday Times.
A referendum on the idea of an elected mayor for south east Wales is "not going to hit the target", a councillor has said.
Plans to close two Royal Navy sites in Somerset have been described as "brutal" and "unprecedented" by unions.
Nigeria's military says it has recaptured most of the schoolgirls abducted in a raid on a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria on Tuesday.
More than 100 people have been arrested in a raid on a tobacco factory in Birmingham.
Surrey Police's approach to tackling organised crime is "not good enough", the Home Office has said.
The BBC's global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
A cholera store which was used to hold the dead before funerals has been given a Grade II listed listing.
A cartoon depicting US President Donald Trump as Adolf Hitler has won the top prize at an exhibition in Iran.
Bernie Sanders has become the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination for the US presidential election.
Port Vale secured their first win of the season with victory over West Bromwich Albion.
Barnsley have signed midfielder Michael Keane on loan from Norwich City until the end of the season.
Items including war medals, gold watches and antiques have been stolen from a farm house in Aberdeenshire.
Leading figures from across the political spectrum have been reacting to the death of six people in a car crash in Glasgow.
England secured their place in the final of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a 24-22 win over New Zealand.
The M4 has been closed in Northamptonshire after a lorry overturned.
Roman Abramovic has opened the Serpentine Gallery in London's Kensington Gardens for her latest show.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said there is an "urgent need" for an effective executive to be in place.
A Scottish engineering firm has secured £1.5m in funding from the Scottish government.
An 82-year-old woman has been found dead in her home in East Lothian.
Chilean authorities have declared a state of emergency in the north-eastern region of the country after a series of devastating forest fires.
The US has condemned Israel's decision to approve a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, saying it undermines the pursuit of peace.
A couple who took their children to Germany to visit relatives have been ordered to return home, a High Court judge has ruled.
A statue of Mary Macarthur, the woman who led the women chainmakers, has been unveiled in Edinburgh.
Kenya's security forces have failed to reintegrate more than 600 children who joined militant groups, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
A woman in her 20s has died following a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
Two 14-year-old boys have been arrested in connection with the sharing of indecent images of themselves and others on social media.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found stabbed to death in Essex.
A 23-year-old South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two of his comrades in revenge for bullying.
Toyota is to invest £100m in a new plant in Derbyshire in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
A million people in Wales will have to pay more if the Welsh Government does not protect the facilities they get, a leading football body has warned.
South Africa's governing Democratic Alliance (DA) party leader has announced she is stepping down from the post.
British welterweight champion Nick Eubank Jr has offered to give his father a British title belt in a goodwill gesture.
A family in the US state of Alaska has been left devastated after a police error led to the death of their son.
Championship side Doncaster Rovers have signed Queens Park Rangers left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament has no power to trigger Brexit without the consent of the Scottish Parliament, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Antrim.
The family of former MI5 agent Gerry Adams have said claims that he was killed by the Provisional IRA are "absolute nonsense".
A memorial plaque has been unveiled to a World War Two soldier who suffered the "greatest test of his career" during the Holocaust.
A suspicious device has been found on a road in Londonderry.
Nico Rosberg led Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Singapore Grand Prix.
A nursery has been closed after a child was left unattended on a minibus for two hours.
The owner of the B&Q chain in the UK is to sell its stake in the home improvement chain in China.
Canada has failed to clinch a trade deal with the European Union after a regional assembly in Belgium rejected it.
Survivors of the Aberfan disaster have told their stories at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Last Samuri will attempt to win the Grand National for the second year in a row when the race gets under way on Saturday.
Former British and European champion Michael McKenzie will make his professional debut for the first time when he fights in London next month.
A rare marine bird has been photographed with a plastic bag in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester.
Nottinghamshire has voted to leave the European Union, with the largest margin of victory in the city.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma eased to a comfortable win over Bologna.
The Scottish government's Culture and European Affairs watchdog has criticised the decision to award a grant to the organisers of the Balado music festival.
Anthony Joshua has the qualities of George Foreman, Frank Bruno brutish strength, says former world heavyweight champion Chris Harrison.
The sudden death of the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Jayaram Jayalalitha, has shocked the country.
Police investigating the discovery of human remains in a motorway embankment have said they believe they may have been subjected to a crime.
More than 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base, the Afghan army says.
Great Britain's Davis Cup team have reached the semi-finals of the tournament for the first time in their history.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is a small building in the centre of the Serbian capital.
New Falkirk manager Neil Houston says he is relishing the prospect of taking the Bairns to the Championship play-offs.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Cornwall.
Mark Johnston scored a hat-trick as Kilcoo came from behind to beat Scotstown 1-13 to 0-13 in the All-Ireland Football semi-final.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins will miss out on a place in Great Britain's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics because of a chest infection.
The Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he will not seek re-election in June.
An inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been adjourned for a second time.
The US space agency is to launch a new rocket powered by Russian-made engines in the 2020s.
The death of one of the founding members of the A$AP Mob has been ruled an accident.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Billy Saunders says he is investigating claims that striker Mame Diouf was seen partying before a League One match.
Derek McInnes insists Aberdeen are not daunted by the challenge posed by Slovenian side Maribor in the Europa League.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the Ryder Cup foursomes at Hazeltine on Sunday.
Belfast's grade A office market has seen a rise in rents, according to property agents.
When Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant exploded in March 2011, it was the worst accident in the history of nuclear power.
A police helicopter has been targeted by a laser beam in Northamptonshire.
A machine has been trained to read lips better than a human, according to researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May has been telling the world that the UK will stay in the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of sugar cane toads.
England captain Waqar Younis says he has no doubts about the International Cricket Council's handling of the second Test against Pakistan.
Google is to stop offering 30-second video adverts on its website.
Swansea City midfielder Chris Chester, Reading striker James Matthews and Nottingham Forest defender Luke Dummett have been named in Wales' squad for June's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium.
The Equality Commission has said it is duty-bound to defend businesses in a discrimination case against a Christian-run bakery.
Athletics' world records could be wiped from the books under new proposals set out by European Athletics.
A father accused of forcing his son and another man to work for £50 a day has told Cardiff Crown Court they were allowed to spend time together.
A 20-year-old woman has died after being involved in a collision with a car in Belfast city centre.
Rugby's world governing body has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The first female officer to have trained at the Royal Military Academy in London has been appointed as the new Officer Commanding.
A jewellers has been robbed at knifepoint for the second time in as many months.
Paul Stirling and James Robson hit centuries as Middlesex dominated day two against Yorkshire at Headingley.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was left blind in one eye after being pointed a laser pen at two teenage boys in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added just 138,000 jobs in May, a sharp deceleration from the previous month, official figures show.
Reading midfielder Ben McAnuff says he would be happy to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
The average number of steps a day in a country is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement, a study suggests.
The NHS 111 service in England is facing a deficit of £26m, the health minister has said.
Plans for a new Inverness Justice Centre have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade knows the pressure on his job, according to the club's director of football Jim Dalman.
Online retailer Next has lost a High Court battle with HM Revenue & Customs over the amount of tax it paid on overseas profits.
Banksy has been named as the winner of the South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A police officer who tackled a man who shot dead Labour MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross.
A Scottish Paralympian has said he "almost passed out" after being shown a scan showing a tumour in his back.
The investigation into the Manchester Arena attack is under way.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Dundrod Grand Prix because of injury.
"I'm fine, thanks, thanks."
The price of carbon permits has fallen for the first time in more than a year, as the European Union struggles to meet its climate change targets.
Ghana has ordered a private company to pay $1.2m (Â£1.1m) to a company that supplied the country's first-class airliners.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in a deadly attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels, officials say.
The Hillsborough inquests have been held into the deaths of more than 5,000 football fans who fell on top of each other during the match.
The man who led the search for the remains of the Disappeared in West Yorkshire has died.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been rejected by a county council.
A baby was taken to hospital after a plastic angel was found in his oesophagus, the BBC has learned.
Malaysia's culture ministry has ordered the cancellation of a concert by singer Suleymane Badu because of her tattoos.
A rare sea turtle which washed up on British and European shores has died.
It's been a really busy year for me as England women's captain.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed Saracens full-back Tomkins on a two-year deal.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jordan Wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Cumbria United manager Paul Cox says striker James Cook has " categorically said he doesn't want to sign for another Conference club".
Luke Procter hit his second century of the season as Lancashire dominated the second day against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says there is still "a lot to improve" after his side's 3-0 series whitewash by Australia.
A female panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park has given birth to a foetus, officials have confirmed.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in Bucharest on Friday has risen to 23, Romanian officials say.
A woman has admitted killing her boyfriend on a night out in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £290,000 to the family of a girl who suffered severe brain injuries following a birth.
A city council has been criticised for failing to properly assess the long-term future of a child who had sex with a 16-year-old girl.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a man who threatened to kill her have lost their appeal at the Supreme Court.
Facebook has been accused of "tramples" on European and other privacy laws after it refused to explain how it collected user data in Belgium.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Home Secretary Theresa May have said they will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
NHS Wales' Community Health Councils (CHCs) have said they are "disappointed" they have been described as the "best kept secret in Wales".
TV series Vinyl, starring Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese, has been cancelled by HBO.
Childline Northern Ireland received a record number of calls from suicidal children last year, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £2m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the men's 200m individual medley title for the second time in three days.
Metz striker Goncalo Lopes has been taken to hospital after a firecracker was thrown at him during the French club's 1-0 win over Lyon.
A man has been arrested after two men died when a car crashed into a tree in Stoke-on-Trent.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new attempt to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
Baltimore Orioles fans have been locked out of their home game against the Baltimore Orioles due to the ongoing protests over the death of a black man.
Transgender people across the world are coming out of the gender binary.
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether the country should remain in the European Union.
Two people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash in Monmouthshire.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum.
It is a quiet place in Port Talbot.
A man who threw a teenage girl to the ground because he thought she was Muslim has been jailed for four years.
Prison standards in England and Wales have been reduced to a punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker, says a report by the Prison Trust.
A 33-year-old man has been charged after a number of people were injured in Belfast city centre.
Rescue workers in Indonesia say they have recovered more than 100 people from the rubble of buildings hit by a powerful earthquake in the north-east of the country.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 2-13 to 0-13 in the Division Two play-off semi-final.
More than 100 people have been charged in France over air pollution in the capital, Paris, a lawyer has said.
Germany came from behind to beat Denmark and reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017 in Rotterdam.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" in favour of equal access to marriage for transgender people.
A US privacy campaigner is taking Facebook to the High Court in Dublin in a bid to force the social network to stop transferring data to the US.
Birmingham City captain Joe Robinson has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
The Poole Fire and Rescue Service is warning people not to use insecticides to control pests in their homes.
Poland's forest foresters say they have found evidence of the worst forest disaster in the country's history.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its budget to fund the initial round of voluntary redundancy applications for further education staff.
Forfar Athletic moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable 4-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
The original interview notes of four men accused of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have gone missing.
Councils should be given the power to sponsor failing academies, the Local Government Association has said.
The benefits of cholesterol-lowering drug statins are "very much larger" than the numbers who have side effects with it, a review suggests.
Astronaut Tim Peake has become the first member of the International Space Station's crew to parachute into orbit.
Great Britain's men won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with a narrow victory over China in the team epee.
The government is to introduce a tax on diesel cars to tackle air pollution, the BBC understands.
Dundee manager James McCann says he will be speaking to the club's managing director about the difficulty of identifying new players.
IOC president Thomas Bach has said he has no regrets over the decision to ban the Russian team from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales and Barbarians lock John Faull has died at the age of 83.
A decade of economic growth and a long history of affirmative action have led to a mixed picture of the country's most disadvantaged groups.
Tiger Woods says he is "feeling good" about his comeback from a back injury, but is concerned about his workload.
A woman has described the moment a man was shot in the leg in west Belfast.
The operator of the Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.
David Fox scored the only goal of the game as Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield.
The London Sevens is one of the most exciting rugby tournaments in the world and I am looking forward to taking part in it again this weekend.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says his side are capable of returning to the top flight next season.
A hang glider rider has been found dead in a nature reserve in Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Scott Morrison says the club's late goals are "disgraceful" for the fans.
Zambia coach David Chambeshi says his side have the strength and power to beat Germany on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuelan government officials ahead of a controversial election to elect a new assembly.
Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin has said.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp in central Paris.
BBC Radio 4 presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save one of the world's oldest running pier trains.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car are raising money to set up a centre of excellence for young people.
A garden dedicated to the late rock star Syd Barrett is to be unveiled later this year.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been criticised for comments he made about a missionary who was murdered while ministering in prison.
Former Conservative prime minister Sir John Major has been accused of a "absolute dismissal of democracy".
A series of self-timer photographs of the Bristol skyline has gone on display.
The number of enquiries about GCSE and A level results in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to official figures.
Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits for the three months to the end of December, as the firm continues to struggle with demand for military aircraft.
Coleraine rowers Paul Cassells and David Scrimgeour won the lightweight pair title at the European Rowing Championships in Germany.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Online universities are likely to be offering mainstream undergraduate courses online within five years, according to a leading provider of online courses.
Double Shuffle won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Aintree on Saturday.
The number of Irish Travellers living in the Republic of Ireland has been genetically isolated for several centuries, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise a stretch of road in the Highlands which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A 34-year-old man has been charged with murder after the bodies of two women were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's European Triathlon Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
A fundraising campaign has been launched to help fund the revamp of Sheffield Museum.
A bend in a Somerset valley has been restored after years of erosion caused by flooding.
Yemenia Airways has been charged by France over the 2010 plane crash in the Comoros Sea that killed 152 people.
In his latest speech on the Republican Party's image, Gov Bobby Jindal says the party is falling into the sideshow trap.
Orlando City Women have signed Brazil international Marta for an undisclosed fee from the Women's Super League One club.
Scottish Labour's Andy Murray has claimed victory in the general election.
Catalans Dragons have appointed Jean Frayssinous as their new head coach.
The Prince Albert of Monaco has given birth to twin girls, the first of his kind in the principality.
A new maternity clinic is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital for women who have experienced sexual violence during labour.
Liam Smyth and James Reid missed out on the 200m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games as they both failed to qualify for the final in Glasgow.
Counter-demonstrators have clashed with police in Maidstone, Kent, during an anti-fascist demonstration.
Banks and accountants should be liable for financial penalties if they help people evade tax, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's finance minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in crisis.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage should take a break from the party, the party's deputy leader has said.
The Wedgwood Museum has signed off on the sale of its art collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Saudi Arabia is one of the most important oil producing countries in the Arab world.
The number of children being bullied online has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to a new report.
Police have released an E-fit image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have been killed after being run over by a car in County Fermanagh.
Plans for a supermarket in a Corn Exchange town centre have been approved after a £300,000 deal was signed.
When the prime minister said schools should be "on the front foot" to identify young people who want to take part in sport, he was met with a mixed response.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen sharply, according to new figures.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead after a crash in the final stage.
Vine has apologised after a video emerged of a teenage boy being punched in the head by a gang of bullies in the 1980s.
More than half of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to a new report.
The number of flights taking off from Prestwick Airport this summer is predicted to be the highest ever for a summer period, according to the air traffic control company.
US technology giant Hewlett-Packard plans to cut 1,000 jobs by the end of the year as part of a restructuring plan.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Motherwell.
The number of hours waiting to handover patients at A&E departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman in Oxford.
Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 87.
A lion cub rescued from a zoo in Egypt has been nursed back to health by staff who believe she is pregnant.
George Osborne is to meet Germany's finance minister to discuss the UK's plans for reform of the EU.
An Australian company has been fined for causing the collapse of part of a sacred rock in Darwin.
Retailers across the UK are gearing up for what promises to be a "frenzied atmosphere" on Black Friday.
A transgender woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has become the country's first female police officer.
GAA director general Michael Duffy has published a discussion paper calling for the abolition of the inter-county minor grade to ease the pressure on third-level players.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Glasgow.
A British company has developed a 3D-scan prosthetic arm that can be fitted to a prosthetic limb.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig says Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to reach the Champions League group stage.
The Bernabeu is one of the most iconic stadiums in the world.
Wrexham striker Chris Morrell has been appointed manager of the League Two club on a two-year deal following the departure of Paul Saunders.
"It's easier for me to splurge and sometimes I do it too much for my own good," says David DeLeon.
Civil servants are being called in to help deal with a planned strike at the UK border, union bosses have said.
Olympic 10,000m champion Adebayo Almaz finished 13th in Rio, her second-place finish at the Rio Games, as Kenyan Sofia Cheruiyot won gold.
The bodies of two men who died in a "flashover explosion" at a quarry in Edinburgh have been recovered from the site.
The US and UK have called for air drops of humanitarian aid to be carried out in besieged areas of Syria.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says.
Bristol City have signed Brighton & Hove Albion central midfielder Ryan Gormley on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against former Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong.
A new partnership for people with rare diseases has been launched in Londonderry.
A judge in Wisconsin has ordered two 13-year-old girls to stand trial over the 2014 stabbing of a classmate in the woods.
The US army has given the go-ahead for the construction of the Dakota Access oil pipeline, despite opposition from Native American tribes.
Hungary's governing Fidesz party has held its final rally in the capital, Budapest, before the country's general election on 7 May.
Two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a trailer from a dairy in Conwy county.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Australia after being caught in a rip current, according to local media.
The mayor of London, Boris Johnson, says the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three.
At the age of 16, Indian student Kailash Kohli was teaching his teacher how to build a robot.
The US has carried out air strikes on al-Shabab militants in Somalia, the Pentagon has said.
A stained glass window at a church in Cardiff is to be repaired after it was damaged in a fire.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a wall in Birmingham.
All primary school pupils in England are to be tested for the three Rs of maths, reading and writing.
British Gymnastics has said it is investigating a video which appears to show Olympic silver medallist Adam Smith laughing.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to prevent the closure of the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Global healthcare provider G4S has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £3.2bn for the three months to the end of June.
A bus driver has been shot dead by gunmen in Venezuela, officials say.
Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its A380 passenger jet by more than a third.
The head of one of the UK's biggest fund managers has said the UK should vote to leave the European Union.
Rescue workers are searching for the builders of an illegal high rise in the southern Indian city of Mumbai after a section of the building collapsed.
US investment firm BlackRock is to cut a further 10,000 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures, according to reports.
When Daniel Dwyer left QPR at the end of last season, he had no idea what he would end up doing.
Russia has said it will not accept any new leadership from the country's athletics federation following an investigation into its doping programme.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after their ashes were mistakenly scattered in front of a family.
The future of the BBC is to be debated in Edinburgh later.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has offered junior doctors' leaders the chance to meet this week in a bid to resolve a dispute over pay.
Hamilton Academical moved into the Scottish Premiership's top six with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund to boost the north of England has been announced by the government.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while eight months pregnant.
Italian police have arrested 18 people in a series of raids in the north-eastern province of Calabria.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will implement a controversial law that has been criticised by the International Monetary Fund.
A new code of conduct for police officers has been introduced in Scotland.
A pensioner has been told she will have to dig up a road to install a landline.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most remarkable political leaders.
Christian Hilfiger has said he was "very unhappy" with a report that suggested Gigi Hadid was not thin enough.
Casey Kasem's stepmother has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against his family, US media report.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been expelled from France after being arrested at a match in Barcelona.
The former president of Equatorial Guinea, Yahya Jammeh, has been arrested on suspicion of embezzling more than $5bn (Â£3.5bn) from the state.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock despite being sent off for the second time this season.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to four points with victory over St Johnstone.
South Africa have reached the quarter-finals of the Rugby Sevens World Series in Rio.
Google has introduced a new system to stop people being tricked into completing puzzles on websites.
Paralympic sprinter Michael Smyth says he is aiming to reach his potential at next year's Rio Olympics.
A fairytale castle cake and a number of smaller cakes decorated like Disney princesses have been stolen from a golf club.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has been quizzed by MPs on the impact of Brexit on Wales.
The Boojum Mexican restaurant chain in County Antrim has been sold for an undisclosed sum.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack in London.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border, Russian officials say.
Iraqi government forces have carried out a series of air strikes against Islamic State (IS) positions in the city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Our Duke, ridden by Padraig Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career as he finished second in the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed yn ôl ym Môn wedi bod yn ystod y gystadleuaeth ryngwladol am y tro cyntaf ers Cwpan y Byd 1958.
The number of NHS trusts in England rated as "outstanding" and "poor" has been cut by a third in a series of measures.
A disabled man has been seriously injured in a "particularly vicious attack" at his home in Glasgow on Monday morning.
A man has died after his car left the road and crashed into a tree.
The paylips scandal in Iran has been a major blow to the government of President Hassan Rouhani.
Rangers in Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming have issued a warning after a bison calf was rejected by its mother and sent back to its herd.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.6% in March, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are facing a "devastating blow" after councillors voted to change their contracts.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international David O'Neill on a season-long loan deal.
Former world number one Martina Veronelli has stepped down as coach of British number one Heather Watson.
In the wake of the attack on an aid convoy and hospital in Damascus on Monday, the Syrian conflict appears to be heading for a brutal stalemate.
Two British pupils have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp during a school visit to Poland.
Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that the world needs him "very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
"Growing up in Nairobi, you had no idea that you would become an entrepreneur," says Victoria Terry.
A GP accused of killing a 12-year-old boy by changing his genitalia did not take an overall view of what was happening, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire have been branded "vital" by campaigners.
A letter written by a British man during the Cold War summit in Moscow in 1953 is to be auctioned.
A museum in Singapore has returned a bronze sculpture thought to have been stolen from a temple in India.
A vintage train has arrived at a London airport for the first time.
Luke Donald says he decided not to be a baby when he retired from golf last year.
In the early 20th Century, on the shores of the Cuban island of Camaguey, a small fishing village was set up.
Elections will be held on 11 May in England and Wales.
There will be 40,000 fewer cases of dementia in England over the next 20 years, a study suggests.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a High Court decision not to hear a case brought by a father who took his daughter on holiday.
The family of a Dundee man who dressed up as Santa Claus to deliver Christmas gifts to underprivileged children have said they are "proud" of him.
Turkish police have carried the body of a German woman who was killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Theresa May has called for a "bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country" as she launched her leadership campaign.
A football referee has died after being punched during a game in the US state of Michigan, police say.
A 21-year-old woman has been shot dead in the US state of Ohio in what police say was a "n senseless and brutal act of violence".
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to persuade a young soldier to carry out a terror attack.
An Indian journalist has been arrested over allegations that he fabricated a government document that banned Muslims from teaching yoga.
Scientists have measured the amplitude of the tides at Loch Ness in a bid to learn more about the Earth's crust.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash deaths of 11 men will not be held until 2017, it has been announced.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines in Aberdeenshire and stealing more than £100,000.
Pope Francis sent out the wrong message about child sexual abuse, Australia's most senior Catholic bishop has said.
Celtic are open to the possibility of signing Manchester City midfielder Pat Roberts on a free transfer.
An animatronic robot that can travel at up to 5km/h (1mph) on a tank of diesel has been developed.
Smaller firms are more likely to be victims of cyber attacks, according to a survey.
Pope Francis's visit to Africa this month is likely to focus on the issues facing the developing world.
The new head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he is "fully committed" to fighting tax evasion.
Laura Muir has set a new Scottish 1500m and mile record.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Newcastle came from behind to beat Birmingham City in the FA Cup third round.
Mark Cavendish said he was "proud" of his team-mates after they missed out on Olympic gold in the men's road race in Copenhagen.
It's been a turbulent decade for British pop group All Saints, who have been nominated for the BBC Radio 1 Young Musician of the Year award.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares have been knocked out of the men's doubles at the ATP World Tour Finals.
A man has died after being hit by a car.
Volunteers are being urged to clean up the Isle of Man's beaches.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
As NFL commissioner Roger Goodell begins his final season in charge of the US National Football League (NFL), it is fair to say that 2015 has been a mixed bag.
A nurse who raped and sexually assaulted patients at a hospital has been jailed for seven years.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin Golf Club in County Donegal in 2019 and 2020.
Yorkshire's Jack Leaning hit his first first-class half-century of the season to put his side in a strong position against Lancashire at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays to dairy farmers for their milk.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised for failing to warn users about the dangers of cloned ink cartridges.
A US judge has ruled that Donald Sterling, the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers, can sell the team to his estranged wife.
A primary school has been forced to close after 26 pupils fell ill with a bug.
More than 70,000 people in Wales have not registered to vote since 2011, the Presiding Officer of the Electoral Commission has said.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it is "impossible" for it to justify its continued pursuit of offshore oil in the Arctic.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was murdered just yards from her surgery.
The Israeli prime minister has vowed a "fierce punitive and deterring response" to stone-throwing after the death of a Jewish man in Jerusalem on Monday.
The president of the Republic of Ireland is to ask the Supreme Court to consider a controversial abortion bill.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat station in the Borders have agreed to take back their pagers in a bid to save the station.
Kumar Sangakkara hit his first first-class century of the season as Surrey dominated the second day against Nottinghamshire at Edgbaston.
Chinese investment group Fosun has completed a takeover of Championship club Wolves.
Bumblebees and bumblebees are fighting each other to find a suitable place to nest, a study suggests.
The Prince of Wales has told Royal Gurkha Rifles cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears".
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French club Le Havre.
The US has warned that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is on the verge of being killed in Yemen.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray hopes his side can emulate the success of the top teams in the world.
A review of the tourism industry in Northern Ireland has called for an urgent review of its links with Invest NI.
"He was really good at football," says Antonio Carlos da Silva, the coach of Brazil's Street Child World Cup team.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs after a synthetic cannabinoid was mistakenly taken as MDMA.
Sir Mick Jagger has said he is "deeply saddened" by the death of his partner L'Wren Scott.
More than 4,000 new homes could be built in York over the next five years, according to a report.
A radio station in Zimbabwe has gone out of business, its manager has said.
NHS England is being urged to ring-fence extra funding for children's mental health services, amid concerns some services are being cut.
The family of a teenager who will be singing in the Eurovision Song Contest have been invited to celebrate his success.
Huddersfield Giants have signed former Leeds Rhinos prop Matt Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again when it comes to getting active.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by women in Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country in response to an attack on a US diplomat, the Pentagon says.
Ben Stokes hit his first one-day international century of the season as England beat India by eight wickets in the second one-Day international in Mumbai.
A police force has been referred to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has a responsibility to investigate effectively the circumstances of the death of people, the European Court of Human Rights has said.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at how artificial intelligence could change the way we interact with computers.
A 17-year-old boy arrested in connection with the disappearance of two teenagers has been released on bail.
Britain's Adam Scott won gold in the men's 100m windsurfing at the European Championships in Italy.
A parade has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the freedom of Yeovil Naval Base.
A man who had his car stolen has been told he will not face any further police inquiries.
For more than a decade, Kechara Khong has been helping the poor in Malaysia.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing Nigeria's education system.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have retained control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear accident was a profoundly manmade disaster that could and should have been prevented, Japan's nuclear accident watchdog has concluded.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down this summer.
Natwest and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned customers they could be charged interest if the Bank of England cuts interest rates.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals for the first time in their history.
Former Liverpool striker Rhys Coady is determined to help his side reach the FA Cup fourth round at Anfield on Saturday.
A County Londonderry bar has been closed following the death of a 21-year-old man.
A man who ate a fish won at a fair has been banned from owning animals.
Serbia have been banned from their Euro 2016 qualifier against Albania after Uefa fined them 100,000 euros for crowd trouble.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has confirmed that it has signed a new deal to sponsor the continent's football competitions.
Wrexham were beaten 2-0 by Wrexham in their first pre-season friendly, according to manager Paul Barry.
Pakistan have been cleared to tour India for the World Twenty20 in March and April.
Blackburn Rovers centre-back Scott Morrison says the club need to "get that bit between their teeth" after manager Gary Rowett called his side "unprofessional" and "lacking desire".
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has vowed to restore "peace and unite the nation" after the Senate voted to suspend his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff.
A "catastrophic outburst flood" in China's Yellow River valley may have been the source of the country's first Bronze Age civilisation, a study suggests.
A Florida teenager has been charged with stealing and forging cheques from an elderly woman who sought treatment for stomach pain.
Rafael Nadal has set a new record for the most Grand Slam singles titles in history.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports centres have reported a record number of skier days for the latest season.
Two police officers have been jailed for two years for conspiring to smuggle drugs into the UK.
Lancashire captain James Giles says his side are "far from safe" as they continue to struggle in Division One.
A man who raped and robbed a woman in Leicester has been jailed for life.
Cornwall are "not perfect" at Twickenham, says the club's director of rugby Nigel Dawe.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has returned to the University of Texas at Austin to help students get home late at night.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over state property immediately after they leave office.
Donald Trump has said African-American communities in the US are in the worst shape they've ever been in before.
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 74.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a beach in the Highlands.
The Northern Ireland attorney general has failed in his bid to appeal against a ruling that a Belfast bakery discriminated against a gay customer.
A row has broken out over the exclusion of non-Labour supporters from voting in the general election.
The family of a doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight because he refused to give up his seat have said they will sue the airline.
The killing of an Aberdeen man by the UK military was "extra-judicial", Labour MP Harriet Harman has said.
Welsh amateur boxing is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify for public money, according to an audit.
Three Edinburgh schools have been temporarily closed due to safety concerns.
A German woman has launched a lawsuit against pharmaceutical giant Bayer over the safety of its Yasminelle contraceptive pill.
A new escalator at one of London's busiest Tube stations is being trialled to reduce queues.
Victims of asbestos-related cancers such as mesothelioma are to be eligible for compensation under government plans.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been jailed for eight years.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Australian artist Betty Churcher has died at the age of 91.
The ratings agency Moody's has changed its position on the UK's credit rating following the country's vote to leave the European Union.
The first trial of two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime has begun in Cambodia.
Richard Oz, the editor of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey duo Jake and Kodi Smith on loan until the end of the season.
There is no threat to law-abiding EU citizens working in the UK, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
A cat that went missing after setting off the alarm at a pet store has been reunited with his owner a week after he went missing.
A football fan accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling of a pitch during a match on Saturday.
The Home Office has begun the process of deporting more than 100 illegal workers from the UK.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Mark Webber was forced to retire from his final pit stop.
The new chief constable of Hampshire has been appointed by the police and crime commissioner.
Northern Ireland's Michael Irivine has won the men's lightweight title at the European Championships in Kiev.
David Brewster and Eve Muirhead have secured their places at next month's European Championships in Glasgow.
Donegal striker Karl Lacey will make his first appearance of the season against Galway on Saturday after recovering from a hamstring injury.
There has been a lot of speculation about when the UK will hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union.
Tributes have been paid to the late TV producer and broadcaster Pike Perry in the House of Commons.
Derby County striker Christian Bent says he is confident his side can reach the Championship play-offs despite a poor start to the season.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points as they drew with Ross County.
Dozens of people have been forced to leave their homes in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk as shelling continues.
One of the largest Roman mosaics ever found is to be made available for public display.
The idea of giving Holyrood full control of income tax is the most popular policy statement in Scotland, according to a poll.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner, Dr Emmanuel Adesina, has been awarded the US $250,000 (£195,000) World Food Prize for his efforts to improve food security in rural Africa.
An armed police officer has been suspended after he was caught on CCTV carrying a gun in a railway station.
The world is facing the strongest El Nino weather event since 1950, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Scientists in the US say they have made an engineered kidney that can be transplanted into a rat.
A US university has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apple.
A steam train has gone on show in Cumbria.
If you want to start your own Couch to 5K Challenge just like Anna Wintour, you can do it.
A national marine centre is to be built in North Berwick in a bid to boost visitor numbers.
Passenger exit checks are to be introduced in the UK for the first time, the government has announced.
Britain's Beth Tweddle says she is "not totally retiring straight away" after winning gold at the World Gymnastics Championships in London.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ryan Pearce from Latics for an undisclosed fee.
Comedian Graham McPherson has said he was "proud" to be involved in the renovation of Hastings Pier.
An Australian court has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of his ex-wife in a cafe siege.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has accused the corporation of "lost the plot" over a £1m pay-off.
Hamilton were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock in the Scottish Premiership.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to beat Northern Ireland 1-0 in Cardiff.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead in a Liverpool pub.
Former Aberdeen captain Gary Ferguson says he is not ready to become the new manager of Rangers.
Two centre-right Italian senators have been suspended for a day after allegedly gesturing at a female colleague during a debate in the Senate.
Israel has asked Australia to withdraw its ambassador from Canberra over the use of forged passports in the murder of a Dubai businessman.
Azerbaijan's human rights chief Leyla Yunus has been jailed for eight years for fraud and tax evasion.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea's capital, Lae, police say.
England's women won their first Six Nations title with a comfortable victory over Ireland at Twickenham.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Sunni Muslim clerics in northern Lebanon, officials say.
A new pledge to "love my God, to serve my Queen and my country" has been introduced by Girlguiding UK.
The number of illegal immigrants being detained or arrested by police in Dover has more than doubled in the past year.
"Gibraltarpedia" is about to be launched in Gibraltar, and one of its organisers is keen to take the technology to the next level.
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here star David Wright has agreed a deal to take over Isthmian League sideillericay Town, according to the club's chairman.
Rochdale and Bradford played out a goalless draw in the League One play-off semi-final first leg.
A firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was seriously injured when a forklift truck hit him in the leg.
The Irish government has failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, according to a new report.
Education should be devolved to schools to tackle a skills shortage, former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said.
The ancestors of some of Europe's earliest farmers are the closest ancestors of present-day Basques, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released seven players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a busy year for us in the world of music.
Welsh Labour MPs should "stand up for Wales" and vote for Jeremy Corbyn as prime minister, the party's UK leader has said.
A new sixth form college is to be built in Flintshire, the county council has announced.
Burnley have signed striker Danny Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Mexican comedian Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role as a teacher in a popular children's TV series, has died at the age of 86.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Steve Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after suffering a psychotic episode could have been saved if she had been restrained by paramedics, a coroner has ruled.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal striker Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
France has ordered "special security measures" across the world in response to the publication of controversial cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
When Magda Tilli and Miguel Tilli decided to start their own business in Lisbon in the summer of 2013, they had no idea what they would end up doing.
There's a new Sherlock Holmes attraction in London called Maze.
The king of Saudi Arabia has called on Apple to help crack down on the encryption used by the San Bernardino gunman.
Florida has declared a state of emergency in the US state of Florida after thousands of gallons of toxic algae were released into a river.
The showrunner of the final series of Broadchurch has said it was a "strange feeling" to announce it will not return for any more series.
A rollercoaster crash which left five people injured is to be closed for a second time.
Ospreys director of rugby Steve Hore says the region is considering whether to bring in head coach Lee Johnson from outside the region.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Clermont Auvergne scrum-half Tom Abendanon says he has changed his mind on playing for England because he thought his career was over.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen significantly, according to the latest British Social Attitudes Survey.
It's that time of year again when you're looking to find out who you are.
The UK's former ambassador to the EU has described France as a "bad cop" who wants to weaken Britain and the City of London following Brexit.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill used to hitch-hike with German fans before taking charge of his side.
Souleymane Doukara and Chris Wood scored twice as Leeds United came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
Alex Hales hit his second T20 Blast century of the season as Nottinghamshire beat Durham by nine wickets in the North Group game.
A man who raised money for cancer patients in Yemen by selling his paintings has said he is "devastated" by the plight of an 11-year-old girl.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles says his side are "not that good" after their T20 Blast defeat by Worcestershire.
A crew member has been removed from a Channel Island lifeboat after a dispute over his conduct.
Scientists have discovered the earliest fossils of the dinosaurs that lived on the Earth.
Northern Ireland have qualified for the Euro 2016 football tournament in France.
The death of a baby boy at a hospital in North Yorkshire was the result of a "disturbing catalogue of missed opportunities", a report has found.
Donald Trump's campaign manager has been cleared of assaulting a Washington Post reporter during a news conference in Florida.
Land Rover has long been known for its rugged off-road vehicles.
A mother accused of killing her two-year-old son by leaving him in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud following a by-election in 2012.
Hundreds of tonnes of donated furniture and fittings from the Dismaland exhibition have been taken to a refugee camp in northern France.
Rafael Nadal has been stripped of his Spanish Open title after a French minister accused him of doping.
The US military has cancelled a port visit to Australia after a North Korean missile test failed to arrive in the Western Pacific.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man outside a wedding in County Londonderry.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said he is considering the closure of some police stations in the county.
Serbia's Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over Czech Republic's Tomas Berdych.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have signed defender Eduardo da Silva from Premier League rivals Real Madrid for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is one of the biggest running events in the world.
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford has made history by making his first-team debut for the club, says assistant manager Jamie Collins.
A former Sri Lankan defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of the capital, Colombo.
Australian opposition leader Peter Katter has said he is "tenaciously opposed" to a video in which he appears to shoot dead two people at a Florida nightclub.
The NHS in England will no longer be able to automatically recommend new drugs that cost more than £20m a year, under a new plan.
Jordan Clark scored the only goal of the game as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty, according to a charity.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Northampton Town manager Lee Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One Stourbridge was the club's biggest achievement.
Lyon and Turkish side Besiktas played out a tense Europa League first-round tie at Lyon's Parc Olympique Lyonnais on Saturday.
More than 2.5 million savers in the UK may not be able to move their money, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Norwich City have signed former Bournemouth and Norwich City midfielder David Surman on a two-year deal.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben from Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
Wales Under-20 secured their first win of the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Italy in Rome.
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of a County Kildare man in the Republic of Ireland more than 20 years ago have launched a major search.
Arsenal have extended their partnership with Boreham Wood until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has renewed its contract with Under Armour for a further 10 years.
Formula 1 has reached an agreement with the governing body on the controversial double points rule.
Ed Miliband has said he is "devastated" by the way business leaders have been quoted in a Labour election campaign advert.
Leicester Tigers head coach Danny Murphy says the Anglo-Welsh Cup can help the club's hopes of reaching the Premiership play-offs.
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Three brothers have been sentenced for drugs offences linked to the seizure of cocaine and amphetamine in east Belfast.
Yahoo is considering bringing its popular news app to wearables, a teenager has said.
Liverpool goalkeeper Roberto Firmino is set to return to action for the first time since December's defeat by Crystal Palace.
The Queen can sing with a Scottish accent, her cousin has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a member of staff was taken hostage at a Birmingham bank.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming's performance director David Scott has been sacked after a review found his team failed to meet their Olympic targets.
Michael Phelps missed out on a fourth successive Olympic gold medal as he was beaten in the 200m individual medley by Michael Schooling in Rio.
A seven-year-old boy has written to the Football Association asking for the job of England manager.
A Conservative MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act following the death of a toddler.
Britain's David Davis suffered a shock defeat in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after receiving a distress call from the coastguard in the Isle of Man.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after becoming stuck in a chair.
Two owners of zoos and animal parks in Ceredigion have been fined for illegally selling endangered animals.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of the so-called Islamic State's most senior propagandists, has been killed in an air strike in Syria, the group says.
A man who killed his partner by punching her in the head at a railway station has been jailed.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash in County Antrim.
Valtteri Bottas is set to join Williams next season as Jenson Button looks set to leave McLaren to join Ferrari.
British actor Julian Moore has said he wanted to avoid making a "deplorable comparison" to Sean Connery in the new James Bond film.
Thousands of older people in Scotland are facing delays in getting care they need, according to a charity.
People are being asked to help map the UK's population of rabbits and hares.
Four people have admitted selling more than 750 cockerpoo puppies for more than £300,000.
Four British men have appeared in court charged with international terrorism after being arrested in Italy and Norway.
Amazon has launched its streaming service in the UK for the first time.
Online booking websites have been allowed to offer discounts on hotel rooms, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell sharply after the company reported a fall in full-year profits.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's track Shake It Off from its list of the most popular songs of 2014.
Leeds Rhinos director of rugby Steve Carter says the club have been told they have six months to get their lease back.
Prince William has said he takes royal duty "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been cleared to return to action for the start of the 2015 NFL season.
Japanese messaging app Line is planning to list its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
An ambulance driver who squeezed a colleague's breast while flirting has been struck off.
A council has said it is "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre.
The Russian consul to Greece has been found dead in his Athens home.
Renault have told the Formula 1 authorities not to count on them as an engine supplier.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a major department store or department store be the preferred site for a new BBC headquarters in the city centre.
A man has been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester.
A number of businesses in Birmingham have been targeted by thieves who have broken into their premises, police have said.
A police officer in the southern Indian state of Kerala has said that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to host a special Strictly Come Dancing special in November, the BBC has announced.
The UK will maintain free trade with developing countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has become the first person to complete the Great North Run in a robotic suit.
A bomb attack on the National Directorate of Security (NDS) building in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least seven people, officials say.
China is facing one of the world's most unaffordable housing markets.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a 21-year-old man who was found lying face down in the garden of his Nottinghamshire home.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been forced to resign by the Nelson Mandela Foundation.
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors have been approved by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling's ambition is to win trophies at the club.
Working until you can no longer afford it is a dream for many people.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Great Britain will host the European Judo Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes in November.
Stafford's County Hospital has been rated as "inadequate" by health inspectors.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Vern Cotter has accepted Gregor Townsend's decision to leave the Scottish Rugby Union.
Germany's data watchdog has ordered Facebook to hand over users' data to its parent company, WhatsApp.
Matthew Perry is to appear in a special of the US sitcom Friends in February.
Welsh football fans have paid tribute to their team after they were knocked out of the Euro 2016 tournament by England.
More than 20 mosques across Britain are to open their doors to the public to mark the first anniversary of the Paris attacks.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by speculation about the England job.
G20 finance ministers have warned that a UK vote to leave the EU would be a "shock to the world economy".
A soldier who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Iraq says he does not think he deserves the medal.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton wants to "abolish" the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is to launch a campaign against the Liberal Democrats in the general election.
The UK's new anti-slavery commissioner has said he is "extremely concerned" about the scale of human trafficking in the UK.
Older adults are more likely to have shorter telomeres than their younger counterparts, a study suggests.
Turkish police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters in Istanbul and Izmir.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose in the third quarter of this year, according to official figures.
Stephen Harris has called for the BBC to have a dedicated dedicated books programme.
The chief of staff to a Conservative MP has been charged with rape and sexual assault.
A fire has broken out at a school in West Yorkshire.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Stuart Hogg says the club's new 4G surface will help them "find their feet" in the 2016-17 season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, dragged lower by banking shares.
A hospital in Los Angeles has been hit by a ransomware attack demanding a ransom of $17,000 (£12,000).
British Eventing champion Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" after suffering a brain injury in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Perth aid worker who was killed by Islamic State militants in Syria has said he has no hatred for those who carry on.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said a Commons committee will look into the role of the Commons Clerk.
A teenager has become the first baby to be born on an air ambulance flight in more than 40 years.
Jeremy Corbyn has said the assassination of Osama bin Laden was an "assassination attempt".
Award-winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a new film about Kenya's wildlife chief, John Leakey.
Family Guy is getting a new home on the BBC.
Wreaths will be laid at various locations across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed to the post of Scottish Secretary.
Sir Paul McCartney and Nancy Shevell are the richest people in the UK and Ireland, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
Somerset captain Michael Rogers says his side "fought everything" to beat Middlesex and win the County Championship.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney knew the size of the Scottish government's block grant last month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has defended the decision to remove the knighthood of Sir Jimmy Savile.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and his Manchester United counterpart Paul Pogba have been involved in a heated exchange on the pitch.
Paul Goodwin says he is not retiring as Alloa Athletic manager because he cannot justify playing himself.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Leicester City manager after just nine months in charge.
A man who died from measles was diagnosed with the disease after a medical examination, Public Health Wales has said.
A teenager accused of planning a bomb attack on the home of Labour MP Jo Cox has said he did not consider them a "race traitor".
MPs have voted in favour of a bill to allow the UK to leave the European Union without triggering Article 50.
The government's decision to cut business rates in England and Wales is "sensible", a Labour MP has said.
Dover maintained their National League play-off hopes with a 2-0 win over Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Firefighters involved in the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash said it was probably the most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers.
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into the alleged manipulation of foreign exchange markets.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future".
The number of drivers caught speeding on the M4 in Wales has fallen by more than a third in a week.
A man has been arrested after cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £1m were found in County Antrim.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved two bills that would allow Crimea to become a new "subject" of the Russian Federation.
Education Secretary John Swinney has welcomed a rise in teacher numbers, but warned there are "significant challenges" ahead.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Glasgow city centre.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition.
China is to open its first unisex public toilet in the country's capital, Beijing, officials say.
It is one of the most high-profile cases in German political history.
The International Space Station (ISS) is set to be the world's largest laboratory.
Leeds United captain Michael Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for changing his team-mates' set-up.
Plans to upgrade the main stand at Headingley have been submitted to the Scottish Football Association.
In Brilon, a small town on the edge of the Rhine-Westphalia border, Angela Merkel is holding a rally in support of her Social Democrat party.
Russia's top adviser to President Vladimir Putin has accused the US of arming pro-Russian protesters.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a farmer who was hit by a car in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of devolving powers to the Welsh assembly.
Liam Payne has thanked fans for sticking with One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has referred controversial abortion legislation to the country's constitutional review committee.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for the end of foreign aid.
Huddersfield Town have signed Kristoffer Christensen on a season-long loan from Fulham.
Former Miami Dolphins player Michael Konrad has died after getting into difficulty in a swimming pool.
Northern Ireland's police and crime commissioner has said a deal on dealing with the legacy of the past is "not going away".
John Lennon and Paul McCartney are marking the 50th anniversary of the first lunchtime session at Liverpool's Cavern Club.
Britain's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in the first round of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells.
Thailand's Supreme Court has filed a criminal case against former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his election pledges, despite criticism of the idea of a pledge stone in Downing Street.
Plans for a new education campus have been submitted to the Scottish Borders Council.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his role as Widow Twanky in the 1970s Royal Variety Performance, has died at the age of 91.
Crawley recorded their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over Leyton Orient.
A boy with a rare form of communication has been left "more anxious and closed" after his iPad was stolen from his home.
The UK economy is likely to slow down in 2017 and 2018 as consumer spending is eroded by the fall in sterling, a think tank has forecast.
A group of street vendors have launched a series of guided tours of Edinburgh city centre.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at a prison have lost a judicial review claim.
We want to hear from you about the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal in May 2015.
Comic book film The Dark Knight Rises has received rave reviews from critics, with one describing it as "fantastic".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Jack Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The first female acts to be announced for this year's Bestival music festival have been announced.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, dragged down by energy shares.
More than 11,000 athletes failed to pass drugs testing at the Rio 2016 Olympics, according to a damning report.
A group of US Muslims has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after receiving a suspicious package containing a "hate message".
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in Surrey.
The chairman of China's biggest clothing company, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing, the company has said.
The BBC is not a good at keeping secrets.
An electronic drug prescribing system should be brought in in Wales, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits and warned that cost savings will be "hard to achieve".
A group which runs steam locomotives between Aviemore and Broomhill has said it needs to build a new crossing.
Germany is preparing for a "catastrophic" Brexit.
A nurse who sent sexually explicit and degrading messages to colleagues while on duty has been sacked.
A new musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has become embroiled in a row with the music industry over the way it handles copyright disputes.
A woman has been scammed out of £50,000 by scammers posing as her solicitor.
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's biggest dinosaurs.
Chile has accused Venezuela of "bowing to pressure from the most reactionary sections of the bourgeoisie" over the detention of a prominent Venezuelan journalist.
Dogs should be banned from beaches and play areas in Aberdeen, according to the city council.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected.
The names of Bomber Command veterans who died in World War Two are being sought for a new memorial centre.
Motorists in Wales are being warned to take extra care ahead of the Easter bank holiday.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Bavaria, officials say.
Sussex all-rounder Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
England lost by nine wickets to Pakistan in the first Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a woman who was stabbed to death at a school in Wigan.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she was "proud" of Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood.
Police have appealed for information after a security guard was racially abused on a train in North Lanarkshire.
A court in India's western Gujarat state has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for her role in 2002 communal riots.
Police in Bangladesh have released the names of nine men they say were behind a deadly attack on a cafe on Saturday.
Floyd Mayweather's bout with Conor McGregor at Las Vegas' MGM Grand Garden Arena is set to go ahead.
Australian internet service providers (ISPs) have been ordered to hand over customer details in a copyright case.
Wigan Warriors prop Luke Flower has been banned for six months for an elbow attack in their Super League win over Catalans Dragons.
Nasa is planning to send humans to Mars in 2020.
(Close): Shares on Wall Street closed lower after Hewlett-Packard reported a fall in fourth-quarter profits.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 girls and women abducted by Islamist militants in the north-eastern state of Borno.
Israel's planning committee has postponed a planned vote on building more than 1,000 new homes in the occupied West Bank.
Former Ajax captain Dirk Kluivert Sr scored his first goal for the club as they beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of UK property transactions fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award for best film at the Toronto Film Festival.
Hampshire firefighters have broken a world record for the largest ever naan bread.
Edinburgh is to mark the centenary of the Queen's 90th birthday with a series of events, including a flypast by the Red Arrows.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for five years for raping and sexually abusing five teenage girls.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced, the Vatican has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is the favourite to win the Labour leadership, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's lower house of parliament has rejected a bill that would have allowed former leader Thaksin Shinawatra to return to the country without serving a jail term.
JP Morgan is considering moving its European operations out of London, according to reports.
Britain's Adam Rutherford extended his lead at the top of the men's 100m at the Great City Games in Manchester.
Some parents are overfeeding their babies and young children out of fear of them being overweight or obese, research suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not stand for re-election in Northern Ireland.
A woman who lost her mother to breast cancer has called the treatment available on the NHS in Scotland "barbaric".
Tranmere secured their first National League win of the season with a thumping 4-1 victory at Dover.
Blackpool fans have lost a legal bid to force the club's owners to hand over control of the club.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the Tour de France to five minutes and 45 seconds as he won stage 19 in Chantilly.
The new Glasgow School of Art building, designed by architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has been officially opened.
Dom Thomas has joined Queens Park Rangers on a season-long loan from Motherwell, with Faddy Thomson joining on a permanent deal.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Michael McIlhagga.
An initial survey of the structure of the grounding of the oil rig Ensco has been carried out, the Department of State has said.
A collection of World War Two medals and a police long service medal have been stolen from a man's home.
The government should ban the use of fireworks in back gardens, a Conservative MP has said.
Republican presidential front-runner Ted Cruz and his rival Marco Rubio are sparring over immigration.
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in the 1980s is being investigated by the Church of England.
Jockeys are "a little surprised" at a proposal to allow all-weather racing to take place on Good Friday, the chief executive of the British Horseracing Authority has said.
More women should be allowed to take up public roles in Wales, a group of MPs has said.
Arsenal captain Mesut Ozil says he is keen to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A man who was one of the Paris attackers has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is a 12-year-old girl who has a lot of anxiety.
Two bottles of whisky found on the Isle of Canna could be added to the list of lost bottles, according to the National Trust for Scotland.
A Mesolithic encampment believed to date back to the 5th Century BC has been found near Stonehenge, archaeologists have said.
Leaving the European Union would mean a fall in UK income by 9.5% - or £1,700 per household - according to a new report.
Wolves moved into the Championship play-off places with a hard-fought win at Leeds.
Actress Hunger Games star Hunger Games actress Lena Dunham has spoken out about her decision to close a film deal without a real fight.
A 17-year-old boy is in a stable condition in hospital after his father's high-powered boat overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton.
A glacier that collapsed in Nepal last April may be disintegrating and forming a few large and potentially hazardous lakes, scientists say.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the biggest stories in the news this week.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest who was jailed for leaking confidential documents.
Stars of the new Star Trek film Star Trek Beyond have welcomed the announcement that Hikaru Sulu is gay.
The results of the London mayoral election have been published.
Disabled benefits claimants will be assessed on a regular basis to find out whether they are fit to work, the work and pensions secretary has said.
Eugene has defended its bid to host the 2021 World Championships in Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he would resign if the Conservatives go ahead with plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone with victory over struggling Harriers.
A former civil servant in Myanmar has admitted buying a fake PhD degree from a fake university.
A former soldier who fired a rubber bullet at a schoolboy could face a heart attack or death if he refuses to give evidence, a coroner has said.
The BBC is to return to its Wimbledon highlights programme for the first time in more than a decade.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of several hundred thousand pounds after their private flood defence collapsed.
A County Down solicitor has admitted defrauding a bank out of £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game as Manchester United came from behind to beat Hull City and move top of the Premier League.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Joachim Pomsel, the former secretary of the Nazi party during World War Two, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has condemned Russia's alleged violation of its airspace over the Syrian city of Palmyra on Saturday.
Swansea City captain Leon Britton has been hailed as a "brilliant idea" by the club's supporters.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after suffering blood poisoning at a Kent hospital was not given the "best chance" of survival, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council member has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office.
Curzon is to receive the Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award at this year's Bafta Film Awards.
Barrow manager Keith Cowley says his side are "living in cloud cuckoo land" after their 2-1 win over Braintree.
Angelique Kerber beat Dominika Cibulkova in straight sets to reach the second round of the WTA Finals in New York.
Councils and housing associations should be allowed to sell off their social housing stock, the government has said.
Guernsey have won their second table tennis gold medal of the 2015 Island Games in Gotland.
(Close): Shares in ITV and Carillion led the FTSE 100 higher on Monday.
Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
The chairman of The Apprentice, Lord Sugar, has called for the BBC to broadcast a spin-off series of the show.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from a serious head injury.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder after a man was found dead in Leeds.
At least 52 people have been killed and dozens injured in a gas explosion in Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer who was jailed for assaulting his girlfriend has had his sentence suspended for 18 months.
Five churches in Shropshire and Herefordshire have been awarded grants totalling more than £100,000 to complete repairs.
Syrian government forces have dropped chlorine gas on rebel-held areas of the northern city of Aleppo, reports say.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in straight sets to win men's doubles gold at the Rio Olympics.
Arthur the cat has been living in a studio in London for more than a year.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been greeted by Canada's governor general as they begin their nine-day official tour of the country.
New baby incubators are to be fitted to Wales Air Ambulance's new helicopter, the Welsh Government has announced.
An eagle has made himself well and truly at home at a nest in Perthshire, according to conservationists.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become the patron of a charity that supports victims of rape.
The death of two children in a car crash in Germany is one of the most high-profile public relations scandals in recent years.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been suspended from full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
British golfer Luke Donald has been named as the new ambassador for The Grove Golf Club.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says the club are in the market for a centre-half.
Imagine you are on your way to one of the world's most prestigious motorsport circuits.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US officials say.
A man accused of murdering a rival gangland rival in Flintshire has told a court he banged its handle on the car window of the victim's car.
Plans to redevelop a former gay bar into flats have been given the go-ahead by a council.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has imposed sanctions on three Irish boxers for placing bets on boxing contests at the Rio 2016 Olympics.
A cabinet minister has announced he will stand for Parliament in the referendum on leaving the European Union.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Biles reflects on her experiences during World War Two.
A primary school head teacher has offered staff a "duvet day" to help recruit and retain staff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to withdraw from the Rio Paralympics.
A Powys school has offered to take over the running of the town's library.
A powerful earthquake has struck north-eastern Japan, killing at least three people and injuring hundreds more, officials say.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football star has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £572,000 from a company owned by his former club Lavey.
A new community centre has been officially opened in Llandaff.
A human rights group has called for an independent investigation into the deaths of civilians in Nato air strikes in Libya last year.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been cancelled due to security concerns.
A new vertical pier is to be built in a County Durham seaside town.
Britain's Mo Farah broke the world record for the fastest time in a half marathon at the Lisbon Marathon.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has said he expects indirect peace talks to begin in Geneva on Monday.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been arrested after a knife was thrown at a man in Londonderry.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon over its policy of barring women from serving in the US military.
Pope Benedict XVI's surprise announcement that he was stepping down as pontiff came as a surprise to many in the Catholic Church.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru wnaeth dweud bod cynghorau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gweithwyr.
An investigation has been launched into why a fire engine arrived at a fire station 15 minutes late than its on-call crew.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must take "a few risks" when they face New Zealand in the second Test in Auckland on Saturday.
Cole Stockton's second-half strike earned Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers helped Grimsby to a 2-0 win over Accrington in League Two.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi amid a large number of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have raided the homes and places of worship of suspected Aum Shinrikyo cultists in St Petersburg.
Katie Sumgong became the first Kenyan woman to win Olympic gold in the women's 10km marathon as she edged out compatriot Nwankwo Kirwa in Rio.
An 80-year-old Scottish man has been reunited with his father's classic car after it crossed the Atlantic four times.
Britain's Lizzie Pavey won gold in the women's 5,000m at the World Championships in London.
The former deputy first minister of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been formally removed from office.
When millionaire Peter Morgan strangled his ex-partner to death in her home in January 2016, he had no idea she had Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia international Phillip Hughes.
Mae achos bod Pesticcio yn euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol i Joshua Deguara trwy yrru'n beryglus yn ddiweddarach.
Millwall reached the League One play-off final for the first time in their history with a draw against Bradford.
A fly-tipper who dumped rubbish on his own land has been fined after admitting a series of offences.
Scientists have discovered a new species of gecko that can detach its tails and regenerate them without scarring.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has been fined $1.5bn (£1.2bn) by China's anti-monopoly watchdog for violating the law.
Renard has been named as Morocco's new coach for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he would not swap Gordon Strachan for any left-back in the Scotland squad.
Mark Ronson has announced his new single, Uptown Funk, will be released in December.
The proportion of young people taking A-level in their local authority areas is at its lowest level, according to analysis by a think tank.
Coronation Street, Doctor Who and EastEnders were among the winners at the BBC Television Awards.
Cannabis plants have been found in the grounds of a former cinema in Aberdeenshire.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has called on the Home Office to take "common sense" in dealing with the deportation of a student from Wales.
A Cardiff vocational training college is being investigated by the police over claims it duped prospective students into applying for loans and grants.
A Canadian man has been arrested in the US on suspicion of trying to smuggle drugs into the country from Canada.
A piece of debris from the first stage of a SpaceX rocket has washed up on an island in the English Channel.
The mother of murdered six-year-old Caylee Anthony has spoken for the first time since she was found guilty of her daughter's murder in 2011.
North Korea has paid wages to South Korean workers at its Kaesong industrial complex, the South's unification ministry has said.
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were fit for testing.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with rape and child sex offences, police have said.
More than half of people in West Yorkshire and North Derbyshire are concerned about their Christmas spending, the BBC has learned.
England were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their last-16 warm-up match before Euro 2016.
A student who lost her hand after a night out has said she is lucky to have it back.
Gary Neville has accepted the role of Valencia head coach to replace Pako Ayestaran.
A dog has been rescued after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt.
More than 14 million US government documents may have been accessed by hackers, the White House has said.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, is proposing to raise the retirement age for state workers to 69.
Bath have signed two new players on loan from Championship side Cornish Pirates until the end of the season.
Ned/Raboliv rider Marianne Vos won the Women's British Cycling Tour in the same time as fellow Briton Amy Pieters.
The M4 in County Armagh has reopened following a two-vehicle crash on Monday morning.
The nominations for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on Tuesday.
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has defended its decision to appoint a former BBC journalist as its new press secretary.
Firefighters have rescued two youths from a bonfire in Stirling.
The world's top eight tennis players continue to dominate the sport, with Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Rafael Nadal, Tomas Berdych and Kei Nishikori leading the way.
A search is under way for the remains of a village in Gower.
Scarlets moved up to second in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues.
As Iran prepares to launch a major offensive against the Islamic State (IS) group in Syria, there is growing concern that Iran may be involved directly in the war.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Paris.
It's easy to see why the general election campaign has become so predictable.
Two Welsh cities are vying to become UK Capital of Culture in 2021.
Lloyds Banking Group is back in private ownership.
Tens of thousands of people in China have been evacuated from their homes as Typhoon Chan-hom makes its way towards the country.
Scientists have created new DNA- and RNA-like molecules that can communicate with each other.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at Kenya's political crisis.
More than 100 people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota in connection with the construction of a controversial oil pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who went missing while foraging for vegetables has been found safe and well after a six-day search.
The family of British soldier Ben Parkinson, who carried the Olympic flame with a crutches, have said they are "absolutely bouncing and buoyed up and elated" by the support and support they have received.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is enjoying the challenge of playing in League Two despite missing his family.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in a Teesside street.
US authorities say they have dismantled a massive drug trafficking network in Arizona.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on loan until the end of the season.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2019, according to a report from the World Bank.
A woman has been found guilty of making a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken western Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) in a major offensive, officials say.
Chinese investment fund Fosun has offered to buy Portuguese healthcare firm ESS.
"Cancer survives through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
Saracens captain James Barritt says the Premiership is the "most competitive domestic league in the world".
A millionaire was unlawfully killed by his wife in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy week for Northern Ireland's newspapers.
The story of William Shakespeare is one of the most famous plays in the world.
An English teacher who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her eyes for the first time in more than a month.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yng Nghymru.
Jockey Michael Moore will miss most of the autumn races as he recovers from a shoulder injury.
Plans for 18 transit pitches and permanent parking for holidaymakers in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Mario Rato has gone on trial in Spain accused of stealing millions of euros from pensioners.
A statue of former Champion Hurdle winner John McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
Former Ulster Unionist Party (PUP) leader William Smith has died at the age of 69.
Russia's cycling team has been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing a drugs test.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has visited Egypt to reaffirm the US support for the country's democratic transition.
A man has been found dead at the bottom of a canal.
Nato has condemned Russia's deployment of anti-missile systems in the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad.
Worcester Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions full-back Sam Hopkins for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United and Newport County played out a goalless draw in the League Two play-off semi-final first leg.
A new digital consultation system has been launched which aims to make it easier for students to join GP practice.
A documentary about the transition from celluloid to digital formats has been released by the Academy Awards.
A "photobomb" has been captured by a camera on a railway line.
Leeds United head coach Massimo Cellino says he will buy a bus next season to ensure his players stay together.
A former Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
H&M, the Swedish fashion retailer, has announced plans to open more stores in London and other European cities.
A competition to find the world's heaviest tomato has opened in Harrogate.
A children's website has been nominated for the Bafta Children's Awards for the first time.
Paris St-Germain won the French title for the first time in their history with a 4-0 win over Nacional in the final round of fixtures.
The Bank of England is to test the resilience of the UK's banks against a major external shock.
Paris St-Germain have signed Roma midfielder Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A 41-year-old man has been charged over the collapse of a bridge on the M25 in which a motorcyclist was injured.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Aberdeenshire.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot US President-elect Donald Trump has said she is "frightened" by his sentencing.
Apple has been accused of "dumbing down" the terms of its new news app, Apple News.
More needs to be done to tackle cyber-bullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have died had he not taken the drug, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people have been evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire broke out in a wheelie bin.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts near the Pakistan-Afghan border.
The White House has been ordered to release the names of visitors it has hosted at President Donald Trump's New York resort.
Here's a look at some of the most unusual new species of animal in the Mekong Delta region.
A man who forced his way into a woman's home and sexually assaulted her has been jailed for six years.
Scientists have used miniaturised devices to hack the nerves of the nervous system.
A 10-year-old boy has died after being involved in a crash with a motorbike in east London.
The search is under way for a 69-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than a week.
Labour is no longer the official opposition to the government, the House of Commons Speaker has said.
An activist investor has said it will not make an offer to buy Alliance Trust.
Michael Keatley's late drop-goal gave Munster a thrilling bonus-point win over Edinburgh in the Pro12 at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Booker fell after the supermarket said it was in talks with a rival over a possible merger.
Oil and gas prices have risen sharply amid fears of further disruption to Europe's energy supplies.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says Berra is the best defender in the Championship.
Formula 1 teams have been given more time to develop the 'halo' chassis before the 1 July deadline.
Lithium salts have been shown to prolong life in flies, according to research at the University of California, Los Angeles.
More than 100 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in London are to be moved to a temporary home, the Home Office has said.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum, the country's opposition leader, Carlos Isturiz, has said.
Premiership Rugby's proposed 10-month off-season has been criticised by the Rugby Players' Association (RPA).
Winds of up to 70mph and possibly 80mph are expected to hit parts of Northern Ireland on Thursday.
Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Peace Prize winner, has said she will never forget the 219 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria in 2014.
Glamorgan dominated the second day of their County Championship match against Derbyshire at Chester-le-Street.
A man has been found dead in a street in London's Hyde Park.
A passenger ferry has been withdrawn from service on the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room ventilation fan failed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at the decision by the Metropolitan Police to drop a rape investigation against a woman who claims she was raped by Jimmy Savile.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it has "turned the page" in its row with Tunisia.
England were knocked out of the World Cup as they were beaten by France in the quarter-finals in Paris.
Teenage taekwondo player Luke Jones has been selected to represent Great Britain at the European Championships in Austria in June.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a US judge to be given a longer jail term for sexual assault.
The YSP has announced plans for a new visitor centre at the National Trust for Scotland (YSP).
Scotland's newspapers have declared victory in the Holyrood election, with Nicola Sturgeon set to be returned as first minister.
A fire at a scrapyard in Monmouthshire is being treated as arson, police have said.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed former Bradford City and Bournemouth striker Ben Davies on a season-long loan deal.
The family of former North Wales Police superintendent Peter Anglesea are to seek leave to appeal against his conviction.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, best known for her role in Casablanca, has died at the age of 91.
The leaders of the EU and Turkey have met in Brussels to try to reach a deal on the migrant crisis.
The opening of the new Forth Road Bridge has been delayed by 25 days.
A sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre.
A new £50m university campus has been officially opened.
Work is under way to restore a section of the historic Swansea canal which has been abandoned, sold off and filled in for decades.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's first upmarket burger chain, has been bought by a private equity firm.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has had his charge of misconduct against Morton dismissed.
England are through to the World Twenty20 semi-finals after beating Sri Lanka by eight wickets in Delhi.
It's one of the most anticipated video games of the year.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Katie Stanning have become the first British athletes to win Olympic gold medals, as Britain's men's and women's rowers dominated the Rio Games.
Great Britain's catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup in the first round of qualifying.
In an exclusive interview with BBC Radio Scotland last week, former England and Wales director of rugby Steve Browne spoke of the need for the Pro12 to be restructured.
Charles Darwin was one of the most famous scientists in British history.
Scarlets suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Leinster at Kingspan Stadium.
The UK is to launch a year-long project to celebrate the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death.
US President Barack Obama has said the Ferguson unrest is a "solvable problem" that needs to be solved.
Bombardier has announced it is to lay off 1,000 workers at its Belfast base.
Los Angeles police have defended their decision to cancel school in the US city after a bomb threat.
Northern Ireland women's hopes of reaching the Under-19 European Championship quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten 1-0 by Spain in Belfast.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has been accused of misleading investors over the number of new premises it connected during the first half of 2017.
Rail operator Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are out of use for corrosion repairs.
David Cameron must make clear that it will be "impossible" to reduce net migration below 100,000 if he votes to leave the EU, a Labour MP has said.
In 1980, Boris Bogdanov found himself on the front page of the tabloids for the first time in more than 30 years.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" cheese race in the Blackmore Vale.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has donated $10.5bn (Â£6.6bn) to charity, according to a filing with the US securities regulator.
A UKIP MEP has said he does not have a dog in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as leader of the party.
When you are heavily pregnant, it can be difficult to adapt your training programme for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
Lithuania's Katarina Meilutyte set a new European record in the women's 200m freestyle final.
Bristol City moved three points clear at the top of the Championship with victory over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended for a "clear breach of disciplinary standards" after an incident in Cardiff city centre.
Optimism in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have backed plans for a Ladies' Premier League match at Upton Park.
People on welfare in Scotland are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements, according to a study.
Two accountants have been banned from working at the Oscars after they mistakenly handed the wrong envelope to the presenters.
Hundreds of Tata Steel workers have marched through Brussels in protest at the company's decision to cut 1,000 jobs.
Theresa May has said she wants to see the issue of the rights of EU citizens living in the UK dealt with "as soon as possible".
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people who have been banned from entering the EU, the EU has said.
Two rival gangs in Honduras have announced a truce in a bid to end their long-running civil war.
The founder of GoPro has unveiled a drone that can hold six GoPro cams.
Plans to cut bus subsidies for pupils of faith or voluntary-aided schools in Gloucestershire have been dropped.
Europe's Ryder Cup captain Thomas Bjorn has hailed the Spaniard's "dream" to play for Europe in the 2018 Ryder Cup.
The financial sustainability of local authorities in England has been questioned by MPs on the Public Accounts Committee.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says his side will "go right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker player Lee Jae-yong has admitted defrauding a woman out of £1,600 by sending her a snooker cue.
Charges against a woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham have been dropped.
Android phones running older versions of the operating system are to receive the largest software update the world has ever seen.
A woman who admitted poisoning her baby by taking a drug while she was pregnant has been jailed for six years.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Olympic heptathlon champion Kate Sotherton has called for world records to be rewritten.
Three hospitals in Bristol and Weston-super-Mare have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS.
David Cameron has said the UK has not changed its policy towards China and Tibet, despite reports of a rift between the two countries.
Craig McAllister's late strike earned Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot.
A number of cars have been vandalised in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
At least four people have been killed in floods and landslides in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW).
If you want to be a space entrepreneur, you might want to start a company that designs and manufactures space suits.
Italian police have arrested members of a mafia clan accused of running a migrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of killing his estranged wife after posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Ben Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
The number of private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a tax case against telecoms giant Vodafone.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has left Manchester United to become a legend in Norwegian football.
Asian shares have fallen after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate for the second time this year.
An independent mediator will be needed to "reset working relationships" between key stakeholders involved in the Casement Park stadium project, a report has recommended.
A bike rental scheme in Dumfries has been criticised by councillors.
Tributes have been paid to Worcester teenager Joel Richards, who died in the Tunisia terror attack.
The son of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has accused Malaysia of trying to blackmail him over the death of his half-brother.
Two teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a vicar was robbed at knifepoint.
Scotland scrum-half George Hamilton has retired from international rugby after nine years playing for Partick Thistle.
Britain's Chris Lewis won the men's 4x400m relay at the Commonwealth Games as Australia's David Cutts failed to clear the bar.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has erased references to Harambe, the gorilla that was shot dead by staff.
China's economic growth slowed to 6.8% in December from 6.9% in November, according to official figures.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-ion battery.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is "very, very confident" about his future despite speculation linking him with a move away.
The first woman to be elected bishop of the Church of England has been nominated by the Church's governing body.
Oldham Athletic moved up to second in League One with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Swindon Town have been told they need to find a new striker for Saturday's League Two match at Doncaster Rovers.
The brother of a woman who died after being stabbed in Dundee has been charged with her murder.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold in honour of Team GB's success at the London 2012 Olympics.
England's hopes of winning the second Test against Bangladesh suffered a setback on the second day of the first Test in Dhaka.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of a strike in a row over pay.
A procession and party will be held to mark the 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US will not renege on its commitment to NATO if it is attacked.
Plans to prevent flooding in the UK’s upland areas have been criticised by conservationists.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's Champions League game with Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in the Borders.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong economic data from China.
Police in the northern Indian state of Gujarat have arrested eight Dalit men accused of taking poison to protest against the slaughter of cows.
Former News of the World presenter Paul Gascoigne and ex-Comedian Chris Coogan have been awarded £100,000 in settlements over phone hacking.
Scientists have developed a way to track monarch butterflies' migrations from Mexico to Central America.
The University of Warrington has invested £1m in a new high-performance computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of last week's failed coup.
A World War Two fighter jet once owned by a couple has been put up for sale online.
A former councillor has been elected leader of Birmingham City Council after five attempts.
Surfers have been taking to the beaches of Portugal and Spain to try to break the record for the largest wave surfed in the world.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard both scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final warm-up game before Euro 2016.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their recent success.
Belfast-based software firm Micro Focus is struggling to recruit enough graduates to fill jobs in Northern Ireland.
Work has begun to install a protective shield around the damaged Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
The investigation into a crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome was hit by a car has been "substantially closed".
From April 2015, Northern Ireland's local councils will be able to make decisions on a wide range of issues.
A former textile mill in West Yorkshire has been gutted in a suspected arson attack.
Cambridgeshire's council has said it has no concerns about the weight of bunting used to decorate the streets of Cambridge for the Tour de France.
A 94-year-old Indian temple official has said that allowing women into the sanctum of a Hindu shrine would increase the risk of rape.
A woman accused of child sex abuse in Sheffield has told a court her daughter became "horrible".
A father has spoken of the moment he ran to the aid of his baby daughter after she was found dead in a bus stop.
A curry house in south-west England has been raided by the Border Agency after staff were questioned about their immigration status.
An Australian Antarctic research vessel that ran aground in Horseshoe Harbour has been refloated and flown home.
Four people have been rescued after their yacht broke down off the coast of Larne, County Antrim.
Germany's Deutsche Bank and Santander have been ordered to make changes to their financial plans after failing annual tests in the wake of the financial crisis.
A fund set up to help the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £10,000 in its first day of fundraising.
Online grocer Ocado has reported a pre-tax profit for the first time in more than a decade, helped by a surge in sales.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says he is confident his side can qualify for Euro 2016.
A group of AMs has warned that a "seamless" border between Northern Ireland and Wales could lead to job losses.
Bomb disposal experts have been called to a beach in County Down after an unexploded flare was found.
Scotland's number one seed Hannah Adderley has won the Scottish National Squash Championships for a seventh time.
The former leader of the Scottish Labour Party, Mark Matheson, is to stand for re-election in Strathclyde.
A police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province has been attacked by militants, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers going on to higher education has reached its highest ever level, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that a disaster on Earth would not mean the end of the human race.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Gary Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
A Turkish woman applying for a job in Germany is more likely to be invited to interview than a woman in a headscarf, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "not worried" about his poor start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Thousands of Mexicans have marched through the capital, Mexico City, in support of same-sex marriage.
Police have arrested two teenagers in connection with disorder at the Scottish Cup final between Celtic and Aberdeen.
A man who raped a woman more than 20 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
The number of people aged 25 and over owning their own home has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to a new report.
The family of a soldier who was shot dead at a Surrey barracks have begun legal action against the Ministry of Defence.
Singapore's long-running dispute over the commemoration of the country's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has divided the country.
Three Dundee students have created an "unisex satchel" with all the electronics hidden inside.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a boarding school.
Harlequins have signed former Wasps back-row forward Matt Jackson on a free transfer.
Worcestershire's County Championship match against Kent has been postponed because of a waterlogged outfield.
At least 20 people have been rescued from a fire on a ferry in the Balearic Islands.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have made a number of arrests.
A frozen meat supplier has been ordered to pay £15,000 after being found guilty of breaking food labelling laws.
When Robert Godin started his own company in the 1970s, he didn't want to go back to the financial crisis that hit his family.
A mystery ticket holder has been asked to come forward to claim a £1m lottery prize.
The French honorary consul in Bodrum, Turkey, has denied she was involved in the trade of boats to migrants trying to reach Europe.
Iain Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the UK Independence Party, despite the resignation of a senior MEP.
Eddie Redmayne is to play a trans woman in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock 4-3 defeat by Gary Holt in the first round of the Welsh Open.
Passengers undergoing drug treatment on the Tube are being encouraged to wear badges to alert fellow passengers of their condition.
Featherstone Rovers forwards Jack Pick and Luke Bateman have been banned for two years for doping offences.
The Nigerian city of Lagos has banned the use of loudspeakers in mosques and other buildings in a bid to reduce noise levels.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Scottish League Two play-off final.
In our series of letters from the BBC, health and social care expert and former BBC medical correspondent, Dr Helen Smith, looks at why so many people are not getting end of life care in England.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised more than £22m through a share issue.
The Indian state of Kashmir has banned brides and grooms from attending five-day weddings.
Adrian Gill, the editor of the Sunday Times, has died at the age of 74.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City's Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been on a mission to solve Europe's migration crisis.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the heartland of the lost Dark Age kingdom of Rheged.
Russell Knox and Russell Knox share the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Omar's dream of playing in the Scottish League Cup has come true.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% next year, a survey has suggested.
A paramedic who leased ambulances to a private company has said he has not been paid for six months.
Lyon Ladies have signed the United States striker Abby Morgan for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's Katie Cheshire missed out on a medal in the women's slopestyle final at the World Ski Slopestyle Championships in Nevada.
British flyweight Katie Adams has called for the length of rounds in women's boxing to be extended.
Valentino Vitolo and Lucas Mararlos scored twice as Sevilla came from behind to draw with FC Lviv in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final.
The UK's Secretary of State for Europe, David Breedlove, has said Russia's military presence in Crimea will have an "unprecedented impact" on the Black Sea.
It's that time of year when you dream of winning the Masters.
Ludwig the dog is a two-year-old boy who loves to play.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "playing fast and loose" with Northern Ireland's political institutions.
South Yorkshire's chief constable is to retire after being criticised over the handling of child abuse allegations in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales has risen at an "alarming rate", according to a charity.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Lukas Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operator of the UK's free-to-use cash machines (ATMs) is to hold talks with banks to try to resolve a dispute over fees.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that Saudi Arabia paid Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak $681m (Â£681m) ahead of the 2013 general election.
Paul Eubank Jr will defend his IBF world middleweight title against Michael Doran in London on Saturday after the death of his father.
Turkish police have seized more than 1,000 life jackets that failed to meet safety standards, officials say.
A football fan has been given a suspended two-week football ban after he entered the pitch during a match at Southend United.
Chris and Gabby Adcock have won the English Open men's singles title for the first time.
Sheffield United came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town and move into the League One play-off places.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Poland beat Romania in the opening game of their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
A school in Adelaide, Australia, has won a prize for the best way to redesign a national park.
All crew on the Northern Isles ferry service will be paid at least the minimum wage, the government has said.
Ospreys wing George North will make his first appearance of the season against Scarlets on Boxing Day.
Jockey David Ackerman has been banned for eight years after being found guilty of betting on a horse at Kempton and Wolverhampton.
Nato has formally launched its new mission in Afghanistan, ending a decade-long campaign against the Taliban.
A German anti-migrant party member has been seriously injured after he was hit by a car.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
The UK government is sending a "dangerous message" to Wales if it does not listen to Theresa May on Brexit, the first minister has said.
Former England captain Paul Downton has been appointed as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new chief executive.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester have called for tougher penalties for drivers who kill.
Two sheep have been rescued from a garden in Londonderry.
Greece's governing Syriza party has announced a series of reforms aimed at stabilising the country's finances.
The former Gloucester Prison site has been put up for sale.
Favourite DJ Fern Britton has announced her retirement from BBC Radio 1, saying she felt like she had died.
Bath fly-half Tom Watson has been charged with unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham eased to victory over Woking.
Archaeologists in China have discovered a treasure trove of ancient Chinese dice from a tomb.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have joined the club if he had not missed out on European football this season.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in September, the latest official figures show.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" at the pace of defender Jazz Richards' recovery from a calf injury.
A device used by Virgin Galactic to send tourists into space has crashed in California.
Iraqi forces have retaken Mosul, the last pocket of resistance in the country's second-largest city.
Bumblebees could be at risk from exposure to pesticides, according to new research.
A new £240m research centre is to be set up at Bryden University in Belfast.
Egyptian experts say they have identified several thermal anomalies at the top of one of the pyramids of Giza, which were built in the 4th Dynasty.
A large unexploded World War Two bomb has been found at a quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the kidnap of British photographer Katie Ayling.
Prank TV shows are becoming increasingly popular in the Arab world during the holy month of Ramadan.
General Motors is investing $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in a new plant in Canada, the company has announced.
Tributes have been paid to former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, who has died.
A fox cub has been rescued from a locked car after it got stuck in the engine bay.
Scottish accents are already changing, according to new research.
Campaigners hoping to save a cathedral from demolition have failed to reach their target of £1m by the end of the month.
It is not every day you see a woman getting paid the same as a man.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street ended little changed on Wednesday, despite strong results from Tiffany's and Adobe.
Unpaid internships should be banned in England, MPs have said.
The Scottish government is to invest more than £2m in the offshore wind industry.
A pregnant woman has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were in her van when she was stopped at a border check-in.
Fidel Castro's revolution brought revolution to Cuba in the early 1950s and ushered in a new era of economic prosperity.
Alastair Cook is one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says England captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot in the leg with an airgun in Aberdeenshire.
A rainbow flag has been flown across the grounds of Northern Ireland's capital, Belfast, in a show of support for same-sex marriage.
A Labour MEP has been appointed as the European Parliament's new chief executive.
Hackers claiming to have stolen Game of Thrones script have posted it online in exchange for favourable coverage of the drama.
Police are investigating allegations of misconduct between staff at the Kids Company charity and its clients.
Morgan Freeman is to receive the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement Award for his role in Million Dollar Baby.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland has been left with a capital buffer of just over 8% in the latest European banking stress tests.
Passengers and vehicles will no longer be allowed to board or disembark the Isle of Wight's chain ferry at the same time.
Leeds Rhinos full-back Ben Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Family lawyers have criticised a new form that asks people to name the person they believe their spouse has committed adultery with.
An endangered bird of prey has returned to a Scottish nature reserve.
Do you worry you will not be able to check things on time?
The Russian ambassador to the US has said Jews in New York have told her they want to know what will happen in the US election.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at Oxford Circus station in south London.
Egyptian police and intelligence officers are carrying out sexual assaults on detainees as part of a "cynical political strategy", Amnesty International says.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "firing up again" for a sixth Scottish Premiership title in a row.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
A TV show by Derren Brown in which the illusionist asphyxiated himself has been banned from television.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 100m breaststroke at the World Aquatics Championships in London.
Police in the UK have revealed the identity of a man who took over the running of a paedophile site.
A Chinese man has been living in a capsule on Mars for more than a decade.
A man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed Ross Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of two Libyan journalists have been found in eastern Libya, the government says.
Paralympic silver medallist Laura Lucas won her second gold medal of the Rio Paralympics with victory in the World Para-cycling Championships in Bermuda.
The cost of scrapping tuition fees and interest rates on loans would rise by 2.5p to £50,000 a year, says Education Secretary Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to an Indian naval officer convicted of spying for Pakistan.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint at a house in Londonderry.
The RSPCA has said it has received more than 1,000 calls in the past year about dog fighting in England and Wales.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar charged with inciting violence against students in Yangon.
A Muslim boys' school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for allowing its female governor to sit in the main meeting room.
A man who raped and sexually abused a woman in Denbighshire has been jailed for 12 months.
Cambridge United suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten 2-1 by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possession of a firearm.
Cardiff City defender Rhys Jones is set to miss Sunday's Championship game at Preston North End with a knee injury.
Teaching unions in England and Wales have called on the government to "fund the necessary pay increases" for new trainees.
Shale gas drilling has been suspended in Lancashire after a second earthquake.
A new exhibition of works by Michelangelo Caravaggio has opened at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has announced that it is introducing a two-step verification system to prevent cyber-thieves logging into its iCloud account.
The family of BBC journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed by Syrian government artillery, is suing President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
A four-month-old baby boy died after being attacked by a family dog while being held in his mother's arms, an inquest has heard.
Scottish sport's budget is set to fall by 20% by the end of next year, according to the Scottish Government.
Pregnant women who eat a high fat diet during their pregnancy are more likely to suffer heart disease, strokes and type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
Ancient weapons found on the Isle of Coll have been handed over to a museum in Argyll.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was punched and stamped on by a group of older people on a train in Glasgow.
A teacher from Manchester has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of downloading sexually explicit files involving minors.
Beyonce has topped a list of the highest-paid artists in the world for 2014.
Brazilian footballer Pele's winning medal from the 1962 World Cup has been sold at auction in London.
Indonesia's president has called on Australia to apologise over reports that its embassy in Canberra was tapped to listen to his calls.
Activists in Syria say they have seen a video that appears to show rebels shooting dead at least 70 government soldiers.
Organic farming is more beneficial for wildlife than conventional methods, according to a new study.
Thousands of concert managers have signed a letter calling for a review of the resale of secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government has raised the Bank of England's interest rate by 0.06% for the first time since the financial crisis.
Bond yields have risen sharply in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, helped by the launch of new fresh food brands.
A motorist was stopped by police for trying to find Sam Smith's new song on You tube.
Actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed that she is unable to read or write because of a degenerative eye condition.
A bus was stuck in a muck heap after a mechanic told it to take a right.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Plans to introduce universal basic income in Wales have been criticised by a former Labour adviser.
Two hospitals in north Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the health board following an outbreak of a superbug.
Welsh voters have been given a huge boost in their confidence in the party after it failed to gain any new seats.
Trawsfynydd nuclear site could be used as a site for a demonstrator reactor, a union has said.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed Paul Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A campaign is calling for medical cannabis to be legalised in the UK.
Tunisians have voted to elect a new president, in the first post-independence election since the end of the Arab Spring.
Partick Thistle have signed Dundee United midfielder Ryan Erskine for an undisclosed fee.
Tax experts from the Big Four accountancy firms have defended their advice on tax avoidance.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer in Scotland may be even greater than initially thought, according to new research.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says it was "probably fate" he was appointed Aston Villa manager in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a German soldier who claims he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
Scotland is lagging behind the rest of the UK in the number of small businesses doing more online, according to a new report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by better-than-expected economic data.
A 22-year-old man has been jailed for five years for raping a 16-year old girl.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg could face team orders if they fail to follow new rules after their collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Russia has blocked thousands of pornographic websites, the government agency Roskomnadzor says.
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named among the top 10 historic buildings in England.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new prime minister.
The granddaughter of French far-right leader Marine Le Pen is to quit her post as president of France's governing party, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Jamie Francis says he is relieved to be retained in Wales' Six Nations squad.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted by a group of men in Flintshire.
The future of a vulnerable railway line in Devon and Cornwall could be at risk by 2040, according to a new study.
Network Rail has said it will compensate passengers who were affected by cracks in the sea wall between Dover and St Pancras.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Glastonbury to celebrate the festival's 70th anniversary.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has written to the presiding officer of the Welsh Assembly to warn of the dangers of "aggressive" debate on Brexit.
I have been working as a freelance journalist for the BBC for the last two years.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
When Victoria Barker was told she had Down's syndrome, she was shocked.
A man who put up an advert for a "zombified" pushchair on eBay has said he has "broken the auction limit".
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty to rigging key interest rates.
Hull FC winger Joe Arundel has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England have been described as a "good aspiration" by a leading doctor.
Helen Jenkins should be included in Britain's triathlon squad for the Rio Olympics, says former world champion Helen Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Northern Ireland assets to the Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency.
US aerospace tycoon Woody Allen has launched a private space venture.
A wildlife charity has lost a legal challenge against the Scottish government's approval of three offshore wind farms.
A man who admitted raping two girls in Fife has been found fit to be discharged from hospital.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
South Sudan's civil war has left more than a million people dead and more than half a million displaced.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can finish second in the Premiership this season after beating Rangers 3-0.
The mascot of a Derbyshire regiment has been promoted to the rank of lance corporal.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a raid on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, officials say.
The word "binge-watch" has been named as the word of the year by the Collins Dictionary of English.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned after his side were knocked out of the World Cup by Germany.
Patients in England are being priced out of some of the world's most expensive generic cancer drugs, according to research by UK researchers.
Kenya's Mwai Kibaki, the former president of the Central African Republic, has failed to win the $5m (£3.2m) Nobel Peace Prize, a committee of African leaders has said.
A yellow "be aware" warning for gale force winds has been issued for parts of the Western Isles for the rest of the week.
Michelle Terry is to become the new actor-manager of Shakespeare's Globe.
A father and his two-year-old daughter have been reported missing in Cardiff.
If you're a dancer and want to make your mark on the world stage, then you need to work with one of the biggest names in music.
A Banksy mural thought to have been stolen is to go on display in Covent Garden for the first time.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese city of Macau have fallen sharply in the three months to September, according to official figures.
Indian writers have returned their awards to the Sahitya Akademi, the country's literary council.
More than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a college in Oxfordshire.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of Swansea businessman Mark Warburton, police have said.
Britain's Adam Yates won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine to extend his lead at the top of the race.
England midfielder James Milner has left the club by mutual consent.
Arsenal were held to a goalless draw by Hull City in the FA Cup second round.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement complaint against Samsung, accusing it of infringing some of its technology.
Saif al-Arab, the brother of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, was the country's most senior military commander.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a five-year-old girl was hit by a car.
The Scottish government has said it is "deeply regrettable" that no deal has been reached on devolving tax and welfare powers to Holyrood.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said there is "every evidence" that China has been militarising territory in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has said David Cameron has been forced to pull his English votes for English laws plans because he is "not master of all he surveys in the House of Commons".
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking her to set out a timetable for an inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire.
Ospreys have signed Italy fly-half Brian Mujati on a two-year deal.
A British man who went missing on a mountain in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his girlfriend has said.
A memorial service has been held for Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson, who died at the age of 91.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that its giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant.
The RSPB has launched a campaign to get the robin recognised as the nation's official bird.
Austrian police have arrested a man they say is a Nazi lookalike who has been photographed outside the birthplace of Adolf Hitler.
A man has died after being stabbed at a house in South Yorkshire.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Joe Root has the "fire in his belly" to become England's new Test captain, says wicketkeeper James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that it would allow internet services to be fast-tracked in May, internet users took to the streets in protest.
Jordy Gray's second-half penalty gave Burnley victory over Blackburn and moved them up to second in the Championship.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create up to 11,000 jobs at its Solihull plant in the UK.
Corey Whitely's first-half strike earned Dagenham a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool 2-1.
A 21-year-old man has been stabbed to death at a bar in south London.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have been shortlisted for the World Tree of the Year competition.
A man and two teenage girls have died after being rescued from the sea in Gwynedd.
About 100 jobs are to be lost at a Kerry Foods factory in Londonderry.
Jellyfish sightings on Anglesey have increased with the warmer weather, marine conservationists have said.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by a man and his girlfriend who tied her wrists together with duct tape, a court has heard.
The Duke of Cambridge has given birth to his first child.
Wales have named Ospreys full-back Joe Thornton in their squad for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa.
A planning inspector has refused to reopen an examination of the county council's plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs.
The UK Border Agency must do more to deal with the "over-stayers" who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the government's immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as the world's most influential woman.
DNA evidence has been used to convict a farmer of stealing sheep from his farm in Powys, police have said.
A new exhibition celebrating the work of William Blake has opened in London's Ashmolean Museum.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump is less of a threat to global security than a new Cold War, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has confirmed that it is in talks with Deutsche Boerse to merge its London and Frankfurt offices.
If you were to strip naked in a steam bathhouse in London, you might think that the oak bunches would be a good idea.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service.
Australian Airlines chief executive Alan Joyce has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for a vote on same-sex marriage.
Marko Jakupovic made a string of fine saves as Hull City held Manchester United to a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 28-year-old man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68th pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and Shannon's home in Stepping Hill, Greater Manchester, is filled with memories of their son, Kayden.
A Labour councillor has been suspended over a "hate campaign" against her over comments she made about a controversial decision to remove English-stream education.
St Johnstone moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Rangers at Ibrox.
When it comes to losing, it's easy to say that losing is the worst.
A 20-year-old man has died after being shot by police at a house in Bedfordshire.
John Terry says he has "too much to give" as he considers his future at Chelsea.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale fought back to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton is the fastest driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races.
The Sri Lankan army says it is continuing its search for survivors of a mudslide that killed at least 134 people on Tuesday.
Justin Gatlin set a new world record for the fastest time in the 200m at the Diamond League meeting on Saturday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cut-backs in the use of customised "rest chambers" on his plane to attend a funeral in the UK.
Amnesty International has called for a review of a controversial law allowing Indian security forces to shoot and arrest suspected militants in Indian-administered Kashmir.
The sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his ex-girlfriend will be filmed at the High Court in Argyll.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to a family in the US after falsely claiming they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the toymaker refused to allow him to use his work.
Miranda Miranda has opened her West End debut with the role of orphanage owner Miss Hannigan in Annie.
Homeless people in Northampton are refusing to leave the streets, according to a report.
Mikheil Saakashvili is one of the world's longest-serving presidents.
A charity has warned of a "growing crisis" of low pay and poor conditions in Scotland.
Juventus came from behind to beat West Ham 4-2 on aggregate and reach the Europa League play-off round.
At least 19 people have been killed in a fire at a boarding school in northern Nigeria, officials say.
Sixteen British rowers have been named in the PR3 mixed coxed four crew for the World Rowing Championships in Florida.
Wales internationals Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate and Hallam Amos have signed new dual contracts with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Aston Villa have signed former England captain Chris Coleman on a two-year deal.
It's been a year since Theresa May said the UK would not be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union.
The sounds of Africanised honey bees could be used to help scientists identify which plants help bees, researchers have said.
Lincoln City reached the EFL Cup third round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over 10-man Oldham.
The collapse of the West Coast rail franchise could cost the taxpayer up to £8.9m, MPs have warned.
The Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine is one of the most prestigious scientific awards in the world.
Former world champion Gary Lines beat former world champion Paul Hendry 4-0 to win the Scunthorpe International Ice Hockey Championship.
The debate over the Scottish independence referendum has been one of the most closely watched stories of the year so far.
Taxpayers should be given the right to raise additional funds for the NHS and social care if they choose, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Craig Ferguson admits Clyde must win at Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of reaching the Scottish League One play-offs.
If you want to know what the future holds for Greece, you need to go to the polls on Sunday.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire that crashed in County Monaghan more than 40 years ago have been uncovered.
Parents have claimed they are being "punished" for living in a rural area where their children cannot walk to the bus stop.
A mass has been held in Glasgow to mark the first anniversary of the earthquake in Italy.
Joyce Joyce, Pauline Hanson and Peter Dutton are among those who have won Australia's highest award for satirical art.
Lewis Hamilton edged Mercedes team-mate Sebastian Vettel to set the pace in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged with fraud after thousands of pounds worth of tickets were sold at the Notting Hill Carnival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time since the city was handed back to the mainland in 1997.
A protest has been held in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu over the appointment of a rapper as the party's new chief minister.
Police in China have arrested 11 people in connection with a landslide at a landfill in Shenzhen.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, according to a leading environmental group.
A US judge has acquitted a police officer of manslaughter over the deaths of two black women in Cleveland.
At least 120 people have been killed in bomb attacks on Shia Muslim holy sites in Syria, state media say.
The first-past-the-post system for promotion to the Premiership will be scrapped in 2017-18, the Rugby Football Union has announced.
The cost of recycling household waste has dropped by more than 45% in the past year, figures have shown.
The World Economic Forum is taking place in Davos, Switzerland.
A knife has been found in the grounds of a Dumfries and Galloway primary school.
The first round of the UK Championship takes place in York on Thursday.
Red Bull's hopes of winning the Australian Grand Prix were dashed as they finished third in the championship.
It is almost time for Scotland to vote for independence.
A campaign has been launched to promote Perth's reputation as a "beautiful city" after years of city-centre decay.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the chance to play for England again.
The funeral of Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer Kieran Kerr is taking place in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's Solicitor General.
A ferry has crashed into a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Liberal Democrat MP Nicola Black has been named National Magazine's Young Politician of the Year.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the right to die in England and Wales.
Porto cruised into the Champions League semi-finals with victory over Bayern Munich in the first leg of their first-leg tie.
Tottenham Hotspur have reached a settlement with the family of a 15-year-old boy who suffered life-threatening heart injuries.
Actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut next year.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
A 10-year-old boy in Canada has written an apology note to a library after it fell out of his bunk.
Northern Ireland's Tom Waites says he is relishing the challenge of defending his BDO World Championship title after recovering from a shoulder injury.
Wakefield Trinity Dragons prop Ben Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Ladies have completed the signing of Germany international Laura Linden from German club Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been accused of contempt of Parliament after failing to attend a meeting with MPs at Westminster.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has dismissed claims that his players have been drinking alcohol as "completely untrue".
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move up to second in the Scottish Premiership.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after reaching the Champions League quarter-finals.
Three people have been killed in a crash on a theme park ride in Australia's capital, Canberra, police have said.
A man has admitted possessing drugs with a street value of more than £263,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A gang member has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in Kent.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for Asia.
Two men have been jailed for sexually exploiting a teenage girl in Hertfordshire.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in Cambridgeshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said she wants his organs to be used for transplant.
Castleford Tigers scrum-half George North will miss the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build a motor racing circuit on common land in Monmouthshire has heard conflicting accounts.
Garry Thompson scored his first goal for Morecambe as they came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham.
The number of people killed by crisis teams in England and Wales has doubled in the past five years, according to a new report.
Ulster made it two wins from two in the All-Ireland Club Football Championship with a comfortable win over Connacht.
MSPs have been asked to improve the quality of the coffee they serve in Holyrood's House of Commons.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cancel some operations until after Christmas, the health minister has said.
The Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's most prosperous countries.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat drifted off the coast of Lough Swilly.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will challenge him for the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested people trying to sell a two-headed snake for $1,500 (Â£1,100).
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has walked out of the presidential residence in Rio de Janeiro after being impeached by the Senate.
Derry City were held to a goalless draw by Wexford in the Division Two play-off semi-final at Croke Park.
A mountain rescue charity has called for "serious consideration" over how the Crib Goch peak is managed following a rise in callouts.
Paris St-Germain have completed the £198m signing of Neymar from Barcelona for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic's January transfer window was dominated by the signing of Fulham's 18-year-old Turkish striker Omer Turk and the arrival of Manchester City's Midtjylland.
Torrent-sharing site The Pirate Bay has suffered a major cyber attack.
A robotic hand with controllable fingers has won a £2,000 (£1,200) UK engineering prize.
Francois Fillon has become France's centre-right presidential candidate.
A hospital's accident and emergency department could be moved to Shrewsbury.
Scott Brown is a "big part of my career", according to Scotland coach Gordon Strachan.
The UK government has formally signed a contract with French energy giant EDF to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point.
The number of calls to a helpline offering support for soldiers and their families has risen sharply, a charity has said.
A former Met Police detective has been jailed for five years for making and distributing indecent images of children.
Could there be a coup to be staged within the Labour Party?
World number one Mark Selby's hopes of reaching the World Championship semi-finals suffered a blow as he lost 13-11 to Fu Junhui in the quarter-finals.
Scotland midfielder Gemma Evans says reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation".
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at a school have called for an independent inquiry into the case.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he would be a "huge disappointment" if some of his players left the club at the end of the season.
Nepal's government has said it will ban the youngest person to climb Mount Everest, the world's highest mountain.
The family of a man who died in a crash on the M4 in October have called for the introduction of a driving test.
A US man has been sentenced to six years in prison for sexually assaulting a 19-year-old woman in the US state of Ohio.
Plans to protect the railway line between Devon and Cornwall have been unveiled by Network Rail.
A porcelain urinal has gone on display at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
The centenary of one of the world's most famous artists is to be celebrated at the Scottish National College (SMO).
The rollout of superfast broadband in rural areas of Scotland has been criticised by BT.
Education Secretary Carwyn Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be the worst performing nation in the UK by 2021.
Police in India have arrested three people suspected of breaching the terms of their contract with TalkTalk.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of killing two police officers in the US state of Iowa.
The Scottish government has increased the number of student teacher places in Scotland by more than £50m.
Mark Lawrie says he is relishing the prospect of playing in Europe's Ryder Cup against the United States at Hazeltine next month.
The Unison union has given its backing to Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour Party leadership contest, in a blow to the party's deputy leader Andy Burnham.
England's Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Jamie Heaslip has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations match against Wales on Saturday with a back injury.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council has been suspended after allegations of failings in safeguarding procedures.
Netflix has become the first video streaming service to expand beyond the US.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have announced the departure of manager John Hughes.
So what is the point of a new bailout for Greece?
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to a new study.
Catalans Dragons have announced the retirement of former Australia international Tom Mason from international rugby league.
(Close): Shares in Burberry and Anglo American were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100.
Muslim Match, a dating website for married Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's Vice-President, accusing him of being in the pay of a convicted drug lord.
A man has been stabbed in the leg in west Belfast.
A novel written during the Cold War has gone on the big screen in the US.
Tanzania's President Joseph Kikwete has sacked a government minister over her handling of a $1m (£1m) donation to a school.
Theresa May had come to the front of the House of Commons for the first time in seven weeks.
JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay $13bn (£11bn) to settle civil and criminal charges over the sale of risky mortgage-backed securities, US media report.
Welsh cyclist Becky James is "getting the best treatment possible" to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, says her coach Chris Sutton.
South Korea's SK Telecom has won the inaugural League of Legends (LoL) title.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored his first goal for Sheffield United as they beat League One strugglers Bury.
A 19-year-old man has been discharged from hospital after being diagnosed with anxiety disorder following an initial traumatic event.
All pictures are copyrighted. All pictures subject to copyright.
A Belgian man has been charged with terrorism offences over the Paris attacks, French prosecutors say.
Great Britain's Hannah Guy and Katie Tutton won gold medals at the European Swimming Championships in Budapest.
Minster Mary McLeod has said the government is prepared to consider offering loans to crofters in the Western Isles.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to leave the club at the end of the season.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years.
Scientists have solved the mystery of how carbon came to Earth more than 100 million years ago.
Asian shares were mostly higher on Friday, lifted by gains in the US and Japan.
The FBI is seeking to gain access to the iPhone of San Bernardino gunman Syed Farook.
Ayr United's new badge has been unveiled following a public vote.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff.
A West Yorkshire teenager who travelled to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group has reportedly died.
Five Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the Super League club.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being forced into his bedroom told his mother he felt "unsafe" in school, an inquest has heard.
A man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been granted a variation in his bail conditions.
A new £2.5m research centre has been set up to improve the way Welsh hospitals treat wounds.
On Thursday night President Donald Trump said the US should "get Syria and make America great again".
Mark Foderingham says it was "disappointing" that Rangers midfielder Scott Sinclair was racially abused during a pre-season friendly.
The son of pop star Prince called police after he was found unresponsive at his Paisley Park home, his lawyer has said.
Edinburgh's Twelve Closes are to be transformed into a tourist attraction as part of a £1.5m project.
Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted to ban the wearing of full face veils in public places.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland captain Paul O'Connell has been appointed as Munster's new director of rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Lib Dems as an adviser to Jeremy Corbyn.
The amount of cocaine being produced in Colombia has increased by almost 50% in the past year, according to a UN report.
When you think of winger Oliver Burke, you might think of a 20-year-old from Fife.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic taekwondo gold medallist Alassane Cisse says he has become a national symbol for the Ivory Coast.
Passengers on Southern rail have been warned to expect further disruption after guards walked out in a dispute over jobs and safety.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the Portuguese city of Porto, officials say.
Cristian is sitting in a park in the Uruguayan capital, Montevideo, growing his own cannabis plants.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte has been auctioned for charity.
A major oil platform in the North Sea has been shut down after a leak of hydrocarbons.
Two British men have gone on trial in Abu Dhabi accused of spying on planes.
Christian Johnsen has left Hearts to join Danish side Den Haag on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Two young people have been given the chance to become monks of old in Monmouthshire.
It is almost time for Louis van Gaal to get back to the top of the table.
When you think of military crises, you probably think of Russia and the Islamic State.
Wales' men's hockey team lost to Scotland in the semi-finals of the EuroHockey A Division.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the "top drawer" qualities of back-row forward Jack Woodburn.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola has been drawn to face Manchester City in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he was "surprised" by the government's decision to remove the highest denomination currency notes from circulation.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Paul Casey shot a three-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended its own litter enforcement officers after a BBC Panorama programme revealed they had been fined thousands of pounds.
The pound fell against the dollar after a closely watched survey suggested the UK's services sector had picked up momentum.
Police officers have been injured in clashes and disorder across London over the past two nights, the Metropolitan Police has said.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has risen by more than 5% in the past five years, figures have shown.
England will face Russia in the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 on Saturday.
The public inquiry into undercover policing will not be forced to reveal details of its operations unless it is necessary in the countervailing public interest, a judge has ruled.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to review video footage of fights between Keighley Cougars and their players in the Challenge Cup fourth round.
US actress Shirley Temple has died at the age of 95.
League Two side MK Dons have signed Millwall midfielder Abdou for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
A Portuguese referee has been banned for four years for an attack on a referee.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is celebrating his 70th birthday at the Royal Albert Hall.
The body of a man has been found in a wheelie bin outside a block of flats, police have said.
There is an " inherent risk" that a significant number of reported offences of a serious nature have not been recorded, a watchdog has said.
Gillingham manager Paul Brown says refereeing was "at its worst" in the 2-2 draw with Southend in the EFL Trophy.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has marked the start of school year in the Borders with a visit to a primary school.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede at a Hindu festival in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Emmanuel Assou-Ekotto has signed a new one-year contract with St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major reshuffle of his government.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrades to his Nkandla residence.
The body of a third man has been recovered from the site of the collapsed Rotherham Power Station.
A Pembrokeshire teacher who sent sexually inappropriate messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
A chick has hatched at the Loch of the Lowes National Wildlife Reserve in Perthshire.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in County Tyrone.
A care home in Cornwall has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Donald Trump has made a number of controversial statements in his first 100 days in office.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary in Dorset are searching a river in a bid to recover the weapon.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London.
Welsh Premiership side Exiles have been taken over by a US-based group.
A former care worker has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a Sussex boarding school.
Head teachers are to take part in seminars to help school leaders tackle radicalisation and extremism.
Theresa May has said North Korea's recent missile test is "outrageous" and should be stopped.
Actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the new Star Wars film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United are close to completing a £100m overhaul of their squad.
A Grade II-listed railway bridge has been uncovered for the first time in more than 100 years.
The UK has recorded its hottest day ever recorded in the country, with temperatures reaching 38.7C (98F) in London.
The death of the Germanwings pilot, Andreas Lubitz, is being treated as a murder-suicide.
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons.
Scientists say they have found a "jackpot" piece of asteroid material in the crater where the dinosaurs crashed into Earth.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a " rotten deal" from the European Union.
Dai Donald and Aneurin Lloyd both hit maiden first-class centuries as Glamorgan reached their first century of the season against Gloucestershire.
Police investigating the death of a man in west Belfast have appealed for witnesses.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to play a musical instrument?
Pop star Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke is a master of the "brain game".
A school which was rated inadequate by the education watchdog is to be considered for closure.
The government says it and three intelligence agencies are doing more to recruit more women, following a report that only 19% of civil servants were women.
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire has been awarded a knighthood by the Mayor of Doncaster.
Shrewsbury Town have completed the signing of Motherwell defender Ryan Jules on loan until the end of the season.
The planned merger of O2 and Hutchison has been blocked by the European Commission.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
League One leaders Oldham maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a 2-0 victory over League One strugglers Peterborough.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Scientists are studying the effects of solar flares and geomagnetic storms on Earth.
Leicester Tigers have signed Leicester Tigers back-row pair Geoff Parling and Olly Woodburn on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 lower, with Antofagasta leading the way.
A charity auction for a lunch with Apple founder Tim Cook has raised more than $100,000 (Â£65,000) on eBay.
Victor Traore has withdrawn from Guinea's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Swaziland.
Cape Verde's hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia.
An application has been made to run an Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire.
More frontline staff could be trained to stop people taking their own lives, the Samaritans has said.
Susie Wolff will remain Williams' reserve driver for the 2015 season, the team have confirmed.
Nottingham Forest have signed Bristol Rovers striker Jordan Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a garden created in memory of their mother to mark the anniversary of her death.
Police in Spain say they have foiled a van attack on a busy pedestrian zone in the city of Barcelona.
Construction work on a roundabout in Chester has been delayed until the end of the year because of a lack of information.
Phil Taylor will meet Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld in the quarter-finals of the World Championship after beating Kim Huybrechts in the second round.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are being invited to take part in a project to unlock the secrets of their DNA.
Chris Crofts says he has a "better chance" of playing for Wales at Euro 2016.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England recovered from a first-innings collapse to beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the first warm-up match in Johannesburg.
A helicopter has been involved in a "precautionary landing" on Snowdonia after it was forced to make an emergency landing on a mountain.
Scotland's finance minister John Swinney has said local authority spending will be cut by less than 1% in the next financial year.
Thousands of hill sheep have been sold at auction in Sutherland.
On Monday morning, thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to watch the launch of the UK's most advanced science experiment.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan in connection with the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician, officials say.
A visitor to a war memorial in France has said he is "very concerned" about a dispute over parking restrictions.
The London mayor's decision to back David Cameron's call for Britain to leave the European Union has been hailed as a "turning point" in the Brexit campaign.
Ulster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Treviso in Benetton.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A woman has said she is "furious" after receiving an e-mail suggesting she was a "home educated oddball".
The return of actor Jim Broadbent to the London stage of Dickens' Scrooge has been met with a mixed response from critics.
The number of people using period tracking apps to monitor their fertility has soared in recent years.
The parents of the girlfriend of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius have said they will carry with them for the rest of his life.
Salford Red Devils are set to sign Leigh Centurions half-back Joe Chase and Salford Warriors full-back James Paterson.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be "very difficult" to qualify for the Europa League this season.
Dame Judi Dench has said she is "delighted" to help raise funds for a school in Surrey.
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Patients at hundreds of GP surgeries in England face long waits to see their doctor, the Conservatives have said.
American Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" after being named on Europe's winning team at the PGA Championship.
Five men who blew up cash machines outside a Liverpool restaurant were justified in firing their weapons, a police watchdog has said.
The number of motorcyclists killed in London has more than doubled in the past five years, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United midfielder Ryan McNair has been selected to represent Northern Ireland at the Milk Cup for the first time in his career.
An accident and emergency unit at a Wrexham hospital has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The man accused of shooting dead five people at a Florida airport has appeared in court in the US state of Florida.
A man accused of planning to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not believe the intended victim existed.
New Zealand and the US have agreed to designate the Ross Sea as an Important Protected Area (MPA).
A record number of people have taken part in Leicester's Hindu festival of lights.
Jackie Collins, the author of Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men, has died of breast cancer, her family has said.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of poisoning her husband and three other men with cyanide.
A sturgeon rescued from a flood-hit fish centre has been found in a car wash.
Former West Indies all-rounder Ben Simmons has been sacked as head coach of the national side for the tour of Sri Lanka.
A drug dealer who was on the run for two years has been arrested after posting pictures of himself on social media.
Strictly Come Dancing presenter Steve Evans has spoken out about the claims that he and his wife Ola were bullied on the dance floor.
A new film about mental health is to be shot in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will not be able to fill his squad with experienced players because of the injury crisis.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said that a rocket explosion in Florida last week was the "most difficult and complex failure" of his company's 14-year career.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two men who were wrongly arrested and held in police custody for more than 20 hours have been awarded more than £11,000 in damages.
The first lady of Zimbabwe, Grace Mugabe, has been granted diplomatic immunity by the South African government.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage dancers to jail for performing twerking on stage during World War Two.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed defender Ryan Webster from League Two rivals Portsmouth for an undisclosed fee.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald says he does not believe Polish coaches are trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in Scotland.
Welsh 800m hurdles champion Katie Peake is targeting a personal best of 4.50m to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
In the wake of the Peshawar school massacre, the question is whether the Pakistani Taliban did it.
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off its four main business units as part of a "bold new course" to unlock value.
League Two side Morecambe have signed former Preston North End midfielder Louis Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal.
China's environmental ministry has issued a series of "severe pollution" alerts for 10 of the country's major cities.
"Morality police" forces patrol the streets of Iran, enforcing the country's strict Islamic dress code.
Wakefield reached the Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a convincing victory over Huddersfield Giants.
A car has ended up on top of a Volkswagen Golf after it was parked out of a marked bays in Dumfries and Galloway.
The latest X-Men film, Days of Future Past, has been named best film at the Empire Awards.
It's not every day you get a chance to extract oil from a field, but that's exactly what Steve Barak is doing.
An Asda store in Manchester is to turn off screens and music in a bid to make it easier for autistic people to shop.
Ten years ago, David Barrett was working as a dog breeder in Beirut, in the midst of the war in Syria.
Google's artificial intelligence system has mastered a wide range of video games.
Aston Villa have appointed Chinese businessman Dr Xiaochuan as their new chief executive.
The head of Brazil's security forces has said that the country's intelligence agency warned of a jihadist attack during the Rio Olympics.
Dave Swanson has signed a new two-year contract with St Johnstone, with the option of a further year.
The EU is trying to find a way to stem the flow of migrants across its borders.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled the world's first commercial petrol engine that uses the advantages of the internal combustion engine.
A Crystal Palace fan has been found guilty of throwing a baton at police during the FA Cup third-round tie at Selhurst Park.
A Guatemalan medical examiner has ordered a retrial of General Rios Montt, who was found guilty of genocide and war crimes two years ago.
A Stoke-on-Trent hospital has warned people not to attempt to enter the accident and emergency department to play Pokemon Go.
Newcastle Falcons have signed Leicester Tigers centre Toby Flood for an undisclosed fee.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of British hip-hop.
Danny Mayor scored a stoppage-time winner as League One leaders Millwall came from behind to beat Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after a successful docking with a space laboratory.
The founder of a charity which helped save Cardigan Castle has resigned.
A German police officer has been shot dead in a shootout with a far-right group, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he wants his players to be "physical, fair and brutal" in Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Johnston Press has reported a rise in profits and revenues for the first three months of the year.
A free school in Birmingham has been rated "outstanding" by Ofsted, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A campaign launched by families of British servicemen and women killed in the Iraq war has raised more than £100,000.
China's Ma Ying-jeou won gold in the men's singles at the Rio Olympics with a 4-1 victory over compatriot Zhang Shuai.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns to her hands in a bushfire has completed a triathlon in Hawaii.
It's been a tough few years for the world's biggest pharmaceuticals company, Philips.
The James Webb Space Telescope has been put into orbit for the first time.
Morocco has formally applied to join the African Union (AU) for the first time since it withdrew from the region in 1975.
US actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country.
Police have said there were no major incidents during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a public consultation on Scottish independence once it has concluded.
More than 200,000 people have donated blood to help save the life of a five-year-old girl who was treated for leukaemia.
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the use of "crime porn".
The owner of a shopping centre in east London has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
A controversial internet law aimed at curbing the spread of anti-government sentiment in Angola has been scrapped.
Hungary is one of the most prosperous countries in Central Europe.
A woman has been set on fire after a group of men set fire to her hair at a McDonald's restaurant, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has said he will veto a controversial new law banning gay sex.
Award-winning actress Ava DuVernay has criticised the studio behind the upcoming Gods of Egypt film for failing to "live up to our own standards of sensitivity and diversity".
Wales will take on Belgium in the Euro 2016 semi-finals on Wednesday.
A teenager has been charged over an attack on a pregnant woman in East London.
Oscar-winning actor Kevin Kline is to star in the new Disney film Beauty and the Beast.
Warrenpoint Town will host Dungannon Swifts in the Irish Premiership on Monday night.
A leading technology executive has said he is "very surprised" broadband has not reached the level of penetration it should.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death in Italy last year have said they are "deeply disturbed" by the lack of evidence.
Output from the UK's industrial and construction sectors fell in February, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are desperate to get into work.
Swansea City midfielder Jordan Grimes has joined League Two side Yeovil Town on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle banned items into a prison.
Gusts of up to 55mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Booker Prize-winning author Shailesh Ghosh has been on a Twitter tour of India's President's official residence.
A town is "better prepared" for flooding than it was when a bridge collapsed, a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Ryan Moore and MK Dons defender David Spence for undisclosed fees.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a six-wicket win at Glamorgan.
Iceland beat 10-man Netherlands 2-0 to move level on points with the Netherlands at the top of Euro 2016 qualifying.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared, have been formally identified, the BBC has learned.
Olympic gold medallist Laura Adlington has opened a new £1.5m swimming pool at Wrexham's Bridgefoot Sports Centre.
Plans for a second phase of development at Stoke-on-Trent's former stadium have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen after the department store chain reported a sharp fall in sales.
The UK's National Air Traffic Control Agency (Nats) has developed a system that can detect and track aircraft using radio signals.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating allegations of failings by police in England and Wales in relation to child sexual abuse.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed left-back Yohan Cabaye on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists have discovered a gene which may explain why some men are unable to produce sperm.
Martin McGuinness has been suspended from his duties as deputy first minister in Northern Ireland.
A church has been left with a "musty smell" after a colony of bats caused it to become a cesspit.
French authorities have ordered the dissolution of a far-right group accused of murdering a teenager in a clash in Paris.
Tony Bellew says he will not fight world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua next.
Maesteg Harlequins prop Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping after testing positive for two banned substances.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the first time with a straight-set win over Italy's Elena Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property is set to rise by a third in the next five years, according to a survey.
West Ham moved into the EFL Cup third round with a comfortable win over Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton captain Danny Duffy says a Scottish Cup fifth-round tie against Rangers would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged in connection with a rape in Sunderland.
Plans to store electricity in quarries in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Dover Athletic and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Wales secured their place in the last 16 of the 1986 World Cup with victory over England in Cardiff.
Prof Stephen Hawking is among the judges on a competition to find the UK's youngest astronaut.
A fire in a car in East Lothian is being treated as arson.
A man with a rare form of bowel disease has called for councils in Wales to be legally obliged to provide a set number of toilets.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to strike in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the bomber who carried out last week's bomb attack in the capital, Ankara, that was carried out by a Syrian Kurd.
Plans to build a hydro power station close to the Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been rejected by Natural Resources Wales.
A pensioner has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenage netball player by dangerous driving.
UKIP's former leader has said the smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than any other ban on smoking in the UK.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in Timperley, Lancashire, to mark the 70th anniversary of his death.
Firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A man who claimed he was involved in a car crash in which his electric guitar was damaged has told a court he is going to put a claim in.
It's been another busy week for me at Wimbledon.
A tiny pad of paper has been appraised by the BBC in a new documentary.
Airbus and one of the world’s biggest aerospace companies, OneWeb, have launched a multi-billion-dollar constellation of satellites.
A mother and her two-year-old child have been found safe and well in Pembrokeshire.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has failed in his bid to have his murder conviction reduced to manslaughter.
A court in Japan has ordered the reopening of two nuclear reactors that were closed after the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first comedy festival has been launched.
Former England and Crewe Alexandra footballer Chris Woodward has said he is "still waiting" for police to visit him over allegations of historical child abuse.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in revenge porn laws.
The chief executive of India's Dera Sacha Sauda sect has resigned over the clearance of a controversial film.
Would you shave your head if you thought it would be better for your game?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of BBC Radio 2's film show Strictly Come Dancing.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their journeys, according to new research.
Hundreds of university staff have taken part in a walkout in Wrexham.
How do you get your Christmas present on the moon?
Glasgow-based agribusiness firm Aggreko has agreed to buy North American heating solutions provider Dryco for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he is "very happy" with Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election.
Three men have been cautioned after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has said the band are "definitely" performing again.
British number one Johanna Konta said her US Open semi-final defeat by Milos Raonic was "not an easy defeat".
Preston's hopes of reaching the Championship play-offs were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at Barnsley.
A South Korean basketball player has been arrested on suspicion of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she had a South Korean grandmother.
Families with children under five will be eligible for a government-supported childcare voucher scheme, the government has announced.
Plans to host the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion have been approved by the county council.
Leigh Centurions head coach Gary Rowley has resigned after just one season in charge of the Super League side.
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 Finnish people taking part in a trial of a basic income.
Mount Etna in Italy has erupted again, this time spewing ash into the air.
Scotland scrum-half George Pyrgos says he is relishing the prospect of being named World Cup captain.
Iraqi forces have retaken the eastern city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time in more than a month.
Taylor Swift has revealed that she's a lookalike.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Monday, boosted by gains in oil and gas companies.
Football is one of the most exciting sports in the world.
A third foot has been found in a park in Bristol, police have said.
Plans to demolish a number of Victorian hotels and apartments have been approved by councillors.
A Pakistani judge has recused himself from hearing an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy.
The waiting time for mental health assessment and treatment in Wales is to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
Former Australian rugby league star Josh Hunt has been charged with cocaine trafficking in South East Queensland.
Former England batsman Chris Lewis says he has been through "a lot" as he prepares for his first tour of the county season.
Ross County extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory at Kilmarnock.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at Thomond Park.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Thokozani Mosimane says his side must fight for their place in the second round of the African Champions League.
A 19th Century tin mine in Cornwall is to be restored following the TV series Poldark.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his rival Ted Cruz of "losing the Iowa caucuses".
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning two gold medals at the Rio Olympics.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a two-year contract.
In the wake of the death of George Galloway at the Edinburgh Fringe, it has been hard to find a strong political figure to impersonate.
An unpublished letter written by Lewis by his first wife, Anne Ellis, has been sold at auction for £1,500.
Loganair has completed the first stage of a major refurbishment programme for its fleet of aircraft.
A five-year-old girl who went missing from a hospital in south-west London may have been mistaken for her father, police have said.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, has postponed its second-quarter results after the emissions scandal came to light.
Thousands of people have been protesting in the Darjeeling hills in the Indian state of West Bengal after a strike by a pro- Gorkha movement.
Norwich City striker Andre Tettey says he is "happy" after scoring his first goal of the season against Southampton.
Great Britain's women secured their place at the Rio Olympics with a 4-3 win over New Zealand in the Women's Hockey World League.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as the head of the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing from Cardiff hospital.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new Test captain following Michael Clarke's decision to retire from international cricket.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Partick Thistle.
A drink-driver who was found unconscious in his car while driving has been banned from driving for 18 months.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Birmingham City midfielder James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, Labour MP David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a 1-1 draw at home to Guiseley.
Preston North End have signed former Aston Villa midfielder Jack Robinson and Ipswich midfielder Ryan Pringle on loan until the end of the season.
Glasgow City Council has defended its decision to allow the Orange Order to march in a parade in honour of Prince William's victory over King James II.
Scientists in the UK are to carry out gene editing in human embryos for the first time.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Melbourne to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
It's been a tough few weeks for the NHS in England.
The Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would have to resign if he was in charge of the Irish Church.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash on a motorway.
A suspicious vehicle has been seized by police in Londonderry.
The number of people in work in the UK fell by 69,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year.
Iraqi peshmerga fighters have been accused of using chemical weapons against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq.
A man has been rescued from a car which plunged into a reservoir.
People can now check the quality of care in care homes in England for the first time.
An artificial intelligence (AI) program is to be used to help decide whether to invest in a pharmaceutical firm.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered to pay $10m (£7m) in damages to a woman who died after using talcum powder on her genitals.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in Italy.
Substitute Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Morecambe came from behind to draw with Wycombe.
An 86-year-old woman was robbed at knifepoint while shopping in Greater Manchester.
The Irish club hurling final will be shown live on BBC Radio Ulster on Saturday.
A mother and her two-year-old son have denied murdering their six-month-old daughter.
A Danish container ship has been seized in Iranian waters, the Danish shipping company Maersk has said.
Chelsea's Pedro has been taken to hospital after suffering a head injury in their Champions League win over China.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has gained the Cardiff South and Penarth seat from the Conservatives.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest march against plans for two wind farms in Lincolnshire.
World leaders are expected to sign the Paris climate agreement on Wednesday, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife's body was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy has had a "long-lasting and global" impact on breast cancer screening, researchers say.
The number of people waiting up to a year for a cardiology appointment at the Ulster Hospital in Belfast has risen by more than 50% in the past year.
A man has been injured after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a shop in north Belfast.
Natalie Stevens is sitting in the kitchen of the Benavista Bowls Club in the Spanish capital, Madrid.
More than 100 bottles of detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have extended the contract of striker Katie Heatherson until the end of the season.
A Northern Ireland man has been released on bail after being arrested on suspicion of racially aggravated assault.
A council mayor has resigned after being accused of misleading councillors over contracts awarded to a fitness company.
Shares in Premier Oil have risen by more than 90% after the company agreed to buy E.On's North Sea assets.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the League of Ireland table with a comfortable win over Bohs.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after shooting at the tyres of a car.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough thrashed Bristol Rovers.
A Pembrokeshire bus company is being put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Dundee United have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jose Etxabeguren on a two-year deal.
Smog has blanketed parts of the eastern Indian city of Bangalore.
Fernando Fernandez was born in Miami, Florida, to a Cuban father and a Cuban mother.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 10 tribesmen in clashes in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada flight from Canada to the US has made an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport.
Three brothers from Rotherham have been jailed for life for raping and sexually abusing young women in their teenage years.
The UK's fishing industry faces "many trade-offs" if it leaves the European Union, according to a House of Lords review.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
There is growing concern about the safety of the public in London.
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw defender Krystian Bielik on loan until the end of the season.
Rescue workers are digging through mud in the Colombian city of Bello to try to find survivors of a landslide that killed more than 150 people.
A second man has been arrested as part of an investigation into the London Bridge terror attack on 8 June.
Uefa has suspended Spanish football federation president Alejandro Villar after he was arrested on suspicion of corruption.
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could lead to the closure of zoos in Scotland, a leading circus expert has warned.
A man who stabbed a public servant to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for eight years.
A German court has sentenced a Syrian man to death for his role in the killing of Syrian government workers.
Ross Wallace scored his first goal for Sheffield Wednesday as they beat Huddersfield at Hillsborough.
A French company has been accused of leaking a fuel additive into a faulty breast implant.
The leader of the Welsh Labour Party has urged people to "shut up shop" if the party loses the assembly election.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history, in a country dominated by English lyrics.
Four councillors have admitted they fell asleep during a Commons Select Committee meeting.
Italy's Francesco Molinari won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory over Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne at the BMW Masters.
A record number of golden plover birds have been spotted on Tiree this year, according to bird experts.
Chinese state media have reacted angrily to the US's decision to block access to disputed islands in the South China Sea.
French authorities say a large cat that was spotted in the countryside on Thursday was probably a lynx or a domestic cat.
Five people have been arrested in the UK in connection with a growing cybercrime problem.
The chairman of Fifa's reform taskforce has said he has "never applied" for the post.
Luke Solomons has been named as the winner of the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award.
Plans to cut services at Eastbourne Hospital could have "massive implications" for children with long-term disabilities, a paediatric nurse has said.
Guinea has become the first country in Africa to be declared free of the Ebola virus.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A painting depicting the crucifixion of Jesus has been saved after a £1m fundraising campaign.
Phil Gartside, the former chairman of Bolton Wanderers, has died at the age of 82.
A pilot and his tanker driver have been injured after their light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Mark McCall has described the pitch invasion by Millwall fans as "nonsense".
The next parliamentary stage of the Scotland Bill is to be rescheduled, the Scottish government has announced.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former army general, Ibrahim Dasuki, has been arrested on suspicion of fraud in connection with an arms deal, the country's anti-corruption agency says.
Georgia have "outgrown" the European Nations, says World Rugby chief executive Martin Haig.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the Hausa film industry after she was accused of kissing a Western star.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has died at the age of 87.
A work of art is to be created to mark the 200th anniversary of the death of a Scottish poet.
In the centre of Timbuktu, a group of young men and women are enjoying the freedom of the city.
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Caernarfon.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after an 11-year-old girl was injured in a "purdah" attack.
If you look closely, you might be hard pressed to find a region in the north-west of Chile.
Police Scotland has said it does not know the full extent of the problem of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors of historical memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand", a former senior Muslim police officer has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams missed out on a place at the Olympic Games in Rio after failing to qualify for the finals.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Toyota have fallen more than 5% after the company admitted it falsified fuel economy data.
The British government has returned to Libya for the first time since 2011.
Hollywood star George Clooney is considering installing CCTV cameras in his Oxfordshire home.
The general election is coming up on 8 May, and we want to know what you think about it.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "slow, complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new contract with the national team.
England were thrashed by South Africa in their final one-day international before the World Twenty20 in March.
Lille midfielder Yannick Bissouma has signed a new contract with the Ligue 1 club.
Thousands of people have been celebrating the Hindu festival of Diwali in Leicester.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
A lifeboat crew member has resigned after complaints of bullying.
As the International Cricket Council (ICC) reaches the final of the Champions Trophy in Mumbai on Sunday, I am sure many of you will be pondering the impact Virat Kohli has had on his team.
A vicar has been cleared of sexually abusing a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
Talks aimed at averting further industrial action in the North Sea have ended without agreement, unions have said.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day one of their Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A man who posed as a taxi driver to rob a bank has been found guilty of assault and robbery.
A Labour peer has been appointed to the House of Lords by the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn.
The first time we met the man behind the Bitcoin currency, I was a little nervous.
A man has been charged over the death of a man who was hit by a car in Manchester.
A consultation has begun on plans to cut maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital.
North Korea is believed to have been behind a massive cyber-attack on the UK and the NHS in May 2017, the BBC has learned.
A new team of anti-abuse agents has been set up in Powys to work with the Office for National Trading Standards (OFT).
A couple who got engaged while watching an episode of EastEnders.
Human Rights Watch says it has identified the bodies of at least 6,786 Syrian detainees who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to military hospitals.
A Sinn Féin MP has called on the Northern Ireland secretary to clarify why he took his seat at the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) McKenna Cup final.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a Sudanese club after an incident in which a match official was hit on the head by a fan.
On the outskirts of Columbus, Ohio, a sign stands out.
British journalist Gaia Vince has won the prestigious Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Thailand's capital, Bangkok, calling for an early general election.
A man has been charged after a woman was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash.
Scottish airports have welcomed the UK government's decision not to grant Northern Ireland the power to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD).
Wayne McBryde will lead Wales on their summer tour of New Zealand.
US-backed Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of a medieval monastery in Iraq.
Ex-servicemen and women are at no greater risk of suicide than the general public, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
James Anderson has dismissed Geoffrey Boycott's criticism of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan, saying the batsman is a "world-class player".
A Victorian mansion once home to Peter Pan is to be turned into a national centre for children's literature.
Mae gogledd Cymru wedi cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliadau ar draws y byd, yn ôl Ysgrifennydd yr Economi.
Health care in the home is not "joined-up" with the NHS, Labour and UKIP candidates have said.
Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined more than £40m for breaking competition rules.
The founder of one of the most successful football clubs in the world is to be honoured in Nottingham.
A second case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
A security contractor with a felony criminal record has been shot dead by US Secret Service agents during a visit to the White House, US media report.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn golygu na fydd faniau yn gallu dod a chydrannau ceir i'w garej Bryn Eira ar gyrion y pentref.
The former speaker of Burmese parliament has met the country's opposition leader in a bid to form an alliance.
Campaigners have called for tougher sentencing for people caught on camera illegally hunting dogs.
Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner is no stranger to tears.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has arrived in Silicon Valley for the first time in more than a decade.
Sports Direct has reported a fall in half-year profits, partly due to a "significant deterioration in exchange rates".
Canadian officials have detained two members of a Cirque de Soleil show in Beijing, China.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has backed Libya's unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
The treasurer of Spain's ruling Popular Party (PP) party is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors over allegations of corruption.
Bangladesh's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that "substantial progress" has been made in improving relations between the two countries.
A former police officer who thought he was dead has been jailed for sexually abusing a colleague more than 40 years ago.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists have been jailed in Malaysia for "disrespectful" behaviour towards a guide who led them to a remote peak.
Finding Dory has topped the UK box office for the second week in a row.
The number of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in any other EU country, a study suggests.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended amid an investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's national taekwondo team will compete at the World Para World Championships in London and Manchester in 2018.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new two-year contract with the La Liga club.
Mae'r ffrwd Gymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu wedi colli diddordeb oherwydd y penderfyniad yma.
Welshman Mark Williams has been knocked out of the World Championship after failing to qualify for the first round.
Two men and a woman have been charged after a protest at London's Heathrow Airport turned violent.
Anthony Scaramucci has been fired as White House communications director.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have offered new deals to striker Miralem Ghoochannejhad and midfielder Nasser Motta.
A police officer who sexually assaulted two women he met while on duty has been jailed.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline the Isle of Wight Festival next year.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave Russia for now, his lawyer has told the BBC.
Norwich City manager Gary Money has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has warned Israel that it will not be deterred by its military presence in Syria.
A kayaker has gone missing after his father's boat capsized in a river in Surrey.
A fountain dedicated to seven soldiers who took part in a Nazi raid during World War Two is in urgent need of restoration.
More than £30m has been raised for a year-long programme of cultural events in Hull, it has been announced.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has been suspended from his duties following the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria has said it will limit the number of migrants seeking asylum in the country, in response to Serbia's decision to cut its border controls.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts in eastern Ukraine that could help them establish the cause of the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crash.
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a child was not suitable to be a foster carer, a report has found.
A six-year-old girl who was treated for leukaemia in the US has been told her cancer has gone.
Fossils of the earliest pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Plans for a £22m beach recharge in Gloucestershire have been described as "garbage" by a councillor.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is taking charge of the Premier League's top two teams for the first time this season.
Great Britain's Liam Burnell secured his first Olympic gold medal with victory in the 200m freestyle at London 2012.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been elected as the new speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, with Martin McGuinness saying it will be seen as a lack of leadership.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson and Barnsley midfielder Kieran Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during the Premier League game at Leicester on Saturday.
Three women have been arrested after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool.
Emma Croker and Vickii Cornborough have been named in the England squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday night.
Woody debris from a floodplain wood in Loch Ness could be the cause of recent sightings of the Loch Ness Monster, a conservation group has said.
The UK's economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
A bridge in County Durham is to be closed for at least a month due to safety concerns.
Police in Mauritius have seized heroin worth an estimated $2m (£1.5m) from the country's national football team.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Australian Grand Prix.
The life of Damien Hirst is to be published under the same name as Morrissey's autobiography.
Aberdeen chief executive Martin Mile has said the club are in a "fair position" following a "challenging period" for the club.
Two dogs who had to be put down after a crash in Snowdonia have been reunited with their owners.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a two-year-old girl died in a crash.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Former Arsenal and Liverpool midfielder N'Golo Kante has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A former gym in Glasgow is to reopen to the public after it was forced to close last year.
Italian composer Ennio Morricone says he was "very, very flattered" to work with Quentin Tarantino on a new film.
Dusan Dasaolu secured Great Britain's place in the 100m at the World Championships in London with a superb performance in the 200m.
One in five children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report.
Up to 100 jobs are to be created at a former Sanofi plant in Newcastle.
Leicester Lions are in talks with several riders to form a team, according to promoter Dave Bates.
A teenager has died following an incident at a recycling plant in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl has been remanded in custody at Belfast Children's Hospital.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man have renewed their appeal for information a year after his death.
The use of "racist language" by private security escorts to deport people from the UK has become "too cosy", MPs have said.
Scientists are investigating the role that proteins play in the development of cancer.
Aids patients in the UK and around the world will be able to start antiretroviral treatment sooner rather than later, a study has shown.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder David McAllister on a two-year deal.
Farmers in Oxfordshire are to be allowed to carry out minor drainage works up to 1.5km (1.5 miles) in length from April, under government plans.
A British man has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man.
Holidaymakers are being scammed out of tens of millions of pounds in the past five years, according to Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have found that some Muslim and Christian schools in England are not promoting fundamental British values.
Worcestershire all-rounder Mitch Santner will miss the rest of the season with a finger injury.
West Ham Ladies have agreed a deal with the club's women's football board to ensure the club remains a "21st century club".
A "systematic eradication" of arts education in schools is contributing to a "diversity crisis", a Labour inquiry has said.
Southampton reached the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crystal Palace.
Leyton Orient manager Michael O'Leary has been awarded £1m by Fifa after claiming he had been sacked by the club.
Former News of the World editor Karen Brooks and her husband Charlie have appeared before magistrates charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications.
A total of 26 Italian athletes have been charged with doping offences.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her car on fire has been jailed for seven years.
Police in Mexico have arrested a man suspected of being involved in the kidnapping of football star Oscar Pulido.
Bournemouth recorded their first away win of the season as they beat Premier League leaders Leicester City.
The French Football Federation has lodged an appeal against Michel Platini's suspension from football's world governing body Fifa.
The UK's biggest airline, Monarch, has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year.
Plans to merge police forces in the Cotswolds could "signal the end" of Gloucestershire, a police and crime commissioner has said.
Plans to cut 1,400 jobs and increase council tax have been approved by a council.
Goldman Sachs is changing the way it hires its top executives, as part of a shake-up of its hiring process.
Liverpool moved up to second in the Premier League with victory over Leicester at Anfield.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a convincing victory over La Rochelle.
A couple from New Zealand have become the first in the world to marry in the Pastafarian church.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged seven people in connection with the Yahoo data breach.
The Football Supporters Federation (FSF) has called for clubs to manage the resale of season tickets.
A massive email dump of data belonging to the chief executive of Ashley Madison has been published online.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2038, according to official projections.
Conor Thomas scored the only goal of the game as Swindon ended a run of three straight defeats with victory over Millwall.
A charity has launched a national appeal for information about a missing man.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges of delivering wind turbine parts.
An artificial intelligence system has been trained to spot skin cancer in a study of more than 100,000 photographs.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's Premier League match against Tottenham.
Former England footballer Chris Carlisle has been banned from driving for five years after failing to give a breath sample.
A Somerset road has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to flooding.
A 10-month-old baby giraffe has been released back into the wild after being found in woodland in Somerset.
US actress Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she suffered a heart attack last week.
A service has been held at Portsmouth's VJ Day memorial.
The funeral of a man who died after being knocked out in a boxing match has taken place.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the Colombian town of Salgar to remember those who died in a landslide triggered by heavy rains on Monday.
Venezuela and Cuba are at a crossroads.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be turned off for four years, the government has announced.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side's 2-2 draw with Real Madrid was not the best result of the season.
An animal rights activist has told a court he was not present when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hounds at a hunt in the Borders.
A conman who stole almost £100,000 from a Cardiff car parts company has been ordered to pay back more than £115,000.
Russia's agriculture minister has dismissed suggestions that the country could be banned from importing wine from the European Union.
A British man arrested in India on suspicion of weapons offences has had his case heard by the country's Supreme Court.
The number of nursing and midwifery posts lying empty in Scotland has risen by 27.5% year on year, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched him in the stomach and poked his friend in the face by the stairs, a court has heard.
A Royal Navy search and rescue mission on the sunken HMS Coventry has been described as "fraught with near misses".
Tidal wave demonstration zones off Anglesey and Pembrokeshire have been approved by the Welsh government.
Jockey AP McCoy has ended his 20-year career with victory in the Bet365 Gold Cup at Epsom.
A judge in Liverpool has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who suffer delays of more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the allegations that the US spied on her phone are "grave".
Swansea City's under-21s have won the Premier League title for the first time in their history after beating Reading in the EFL Cup final.
Plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge are "not an improvement worth fighting for", a South West MP has said.
Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham has said the party has "an outside but realistic chance of winning" the contest.
The chancellor has refused to rule out cutting the top rate of income tax for people earning over £150,000.
The Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the world's most persecuted ethnic groups.
The inheritance tax (IHT) allowance is one of the most important tax rules in the UK.
Dundee-based savings firm Alliance Trust Savings is being sold to Brewin Dolphin Investments.
The BBC is to launch 40 new languages as part of a £289m expansion of its World Service.
A bus driver has been found guilty of attempting to defraud passengers out of more than £1m.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning at his wedding.
Children who play with touchscreens in the hours before bedtime are more likely to sleep than those who do not, a study suggests.
Plymouth Argyle have signed prop Laurence Pope, centre James May and lock Laurence Moyle on two-year deals.
Two teenagers have died in a crash involving two vans in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are being urged to make broadcasting of public meetings a statutory requirement.
Ben Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps beat Bath to cement their place in the Premiership's top four.
Nikki is one of the UK's most popular social media stars.
Footballer Mark Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with driving while a baby was in the arms of a passenger.
Somalia's government has released a video showing the moment a plane was bombed by al-Shabab militants in Somalia.
Mauricio Macri's victory in Sunday night's Argentine presidential election was a remarkable achievement.
The mother of a man who was stabbed 39 times in a "ferocious" attack has told a court she feared for her son's safety.
Investors in a Grade II listed pier damaged by fire in 2010 are to be given shares worth £1 each in a bid to secure its future.
Microsoft has said it searched the accounts of a blogger who posted screenshots of the unreleased Windows operating system to his blog.
Arriva Trains Wales has told Network Rail it will take 28 years to get the Welsh network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man has died following a crash in County Antrim.
A South African university has voted to remove a statue of Cecil Rhodes from its campus.
Newport County chief executive Gareth Davies says the club's owner Graham Westley should focus on his side rather than the pitch problems at Rodney Parade.
Wales has missed out on the top A* to A grades in the GCSE results for the second year in a row.
East Midlands Airport is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
British fugitives are being sought in Spain as part of a major international hunt.
Andy Murray has defended Andy Sears after the Scot was caught on camera swearing at Andy Murray during the Australian Open.
The States of Jersey has warned people not to disturb coral reefs in the Channel Islands.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been criticised by the government.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
A body has been found in the River Taff in Cumbria, police have said.
A three week old baby boy has died after being attacked by his family's dog in Newcastle.
A man accused of stealing cash and a pellet gun after his dog chewed at his ankle tag has had his bail refused.
Sir Vince Cable has said the government's offer to buy Tata Steel's UK operations sends the right message.
A horse-drawn driver has said he will not be going nowhere after McDonald's refused him a drive-thru.
Gary Neville's Valencia side were held to a goalless draw by Jony Sanabria in La Liga.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat, high-carb diet can help people lose weight, a small study suggests.
Safety concerns have been raised at an overcrowded prison.
Scotland's Laura Muir will compete in the 4x400m relay at the European Championships in September.
Ed Miliband has been accused of putting the future of the NHS at risk by Labour.
Some health boards in Scotland spend more than £3.20 a day on meals and snacks, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in profits and revenues for the three months to 26 December.
A court has begun hearing evidence in the trial of London-based trader David Sarao, accused of causing a "flash crash" in the US stock market.
Great Britain have qualified for the semi-finals of the men's singles at the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Australia's foreign ministry has ordered an investigation into a security check at Sydney International Airport that led to the resignation of Foreign Minister Julie Bishop.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum exploded at an industrial estate in Londonderry.
A former police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in hundreds of cases has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Zander van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
More than 100 people have been ordered to leave their homes in California after a huge wildfire broke out in the state on Monday, officials say.
Edinburgh-based gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has secured a £1.5m funding boost.
Royal Bank of Scotland is to introduce a new version of its £5 note in October.
Middlesbrough extended their unbeaten run in the Championship to eight games as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich.
Chand Yousafzai Chand's meteoric rise to international fame came at a time when she was already one of the most exciting young athletes in the world.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized cannabis with an estimated street value of about £1m.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of "a crazy attempt to create conditions" for its relations with Israel.
A petition calling for Cardiff Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales is to be considered by the assembly.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a field in Hampshire.
Brian Cookson says he is not trying to dodge any of his responsibility for the culture of British Cycling.
The BBC Scotland election debate will be broadcast live on BBC One later this month.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has called for a "revolution" in the face of "bias, prejudices and attacks" against his country.
The cost of weddings and funeral services in the Church of England has been raised.
Relatives of two soldiers who died in World War One have been presented with a Union Jack at a ceremony in Belgium.
Mae feddygon teulu yn amau sydd â chanser ond ddim yn dangos unrhyw arwyddion neu symptomau brys.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau wrth adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will sell land at 13 military sites in England to build new homes.
Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Wycombe Wanderers.
Middlesex batsman Dawid Malan hit a career-best 46 on his T20 Blast debut as England beat South Africa by six wickets in the second one-day international in Southampton.
A chameleon found abandoned in a park in Carmarthenshire has been put down.
A new campsite layout for this year's T in the Park music festival has been unveiled by organisers.
China's Haixan 01 submarine has detected a second acoustic signal in the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
If you're suffering from depression or anxiety, playing video games can be a good way to deal with it.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the week.
Tributes have been paid to a 42-year-old man who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire.
Liverpool have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson for an undisclosed fee.
Birmingham City have signed Chelsea striker Michael Vaughan for an undisclosed fee.
A 25-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
The story of a football club that fought the "opportunity" of Milton Keynes is to be told in a film.
When India's cricket team won the World Cup in 1958, it was the country's first major sporting event.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed "good character" to come back from 1-0 down to beat Aston Villa.
Mick Fanning has been knocked out of the World Surf League's Pipeline Masters in Hawaii after losing his brother Peter to a shark.
Germany's Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire on Saturday.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in the world.
A man has been arrested after a gun was found in a block of flats in south London.
The world's governing body Fifa is holding its annual Congress in Zurich this week and it's expected to discuss the corruption scandal at the top of the organisation.
Plans to redevelop Euston railway station in north London are the "worst of the lot", an MP has said.
Plans for more than 700 student accommodation in Belfast have been submitted to the city council.
The UK spent an all-time high on film production in 2014, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms is to mark the 30th anniversary of its Ten Pieces project with a series of concerts.
Britain's Adam Mitchell-Blake has become the first man to run under 20 seconds in the 200m at the same time since 1993.
Guinea's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup suffered a blow as they were beaten 2-0 by Argentina in the last 16.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of knifepoint robberies in Birmingham have been jailed.
Dundee United's owner has confirmed that the club is planning to buy land near the city's ice rink.
Serena Williams beat her sister Venus in straight sets to become the first American woman to win a Grand Slam title for 23 years.
EastEnders has been named best drama of 2013 at the Tric Awards.
Councillors in eight areas of Glasgow are to meet later to discuss plans for a £1bn investment in the city.
The Green Party in Wales has pledged to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
Plans are being drawn up to improve a park in Blaby which has become "rather tired".
Scotland captain Graeme Coetzer says his side's historic eight-wicket win over Afghanistan in the first of two one-day internationals in Edinburgh on Monday will be crucial.
A house once owned by The Beatles singer George Harrison has been sold at auction for £150,000.
A World War One medal has been found in a field in Ceredigion by a metal detectorist.
The family of a man who died 23 years ago have been told they will not be able to contact police over the loss of his body parts.
Peterborough United manager Peterborough United have been left "devastated" after Kieran McCann suffered a broken leg in training.
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply on Wednesday after a raft of new share offerings failed to boost investor sentiment.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its offer to sign Scarlets centre Scott Williams.
A crane has been installed at a prison to stop drugs being thrown over the roof.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-prisoners in England and Wales have found a new way to help them find work.
Human remains found in a mass grave in the Mexican state of Morelos have been exhumed, officials say.
Plants and animals are at greater risk of extinction because of climate change, a study suggests.
Plans to build a new motorway through the Gwent Levels have been rejected by the environment regulator.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast.
The public inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire has received a letter from the prime minister, Downing Street has said.
A German official has been arrested in Berlin on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic children's novel Matilda has been cancelled after the actress's voice deteriorated.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) has called on the Scottish government to "clean up" private parking after a rise in the number of complaints.
Labour has retained all but one of its seats in the Welsh assembly following the election of Jeremy Corbyn.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, according to official results.
Is it the end of the road for Opec?
Argentina striker Mehmedi says too much is being talked about Lionel Messi ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Switzerland.
David Cameron has always been a big fan of the walkabout.
No criminal proceedings will be taken against a man accused of raping a woman at an Aberdeen military base.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season and Shropshire defender Luke McAllister on a season-long loan deal.
A documentary about the caste system in the meat industry has been refused permission by India's information and broadcasting ministry.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found a new type of flooring at the site of the holiest site in Judaism.
British salmon exports rose by more than a third in the first half of the year, according to industry figures.
Oxford United will host Scunthorpe in the first round of the FA Youth Cup.
A County Londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young people are the most likely group to fall victim to identity theft, according to a new survey.
The death of a 31-year-old man in Edinburgh is being treated as murder by police.
The number of people arrested as part of an investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland has risen to more than 1,000.
A teenager has admitted hacking the social networking site Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were found dead in Oxfordshire has taken place.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on 7 May to choose their preferred party for the general election.
US rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of artifacts from the Battle of the Alamo to the city of San Antonio.
Struggling Castleford moved up to sixth in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield.
Mixu Paatelainen says Dundee United will have to win more than Kilmarnock in order to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A "huge" iguana has been perched on a tree in Suffolk for three months.
It's one of the biggest music awards in the world, and it's taking place in London tonight.
The European space agency has released a new image of the spacecraft it is sending to space.
A woman who claims she was sexually harassed by her boss at an Uber car hire company has come forward.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David De Gea to Real Madrid on time.
A ban on laptops and tablets in the cabin of all flights from the UK to the US is coming.
Details of Belgium's prime minister, Michel Barnier, and his official residence have been found in a house next door to the Brussels airport, Dutch media report.
A Chinese fruit-seller has died after being beaten to death by the city's chengguan police force, state media report.
Ajax midfielder Middag has signed a new two-year contract with the French club.
Robin van Persie says he is "all good" after being treated in hospital for an eye injury suffered during his Fenerbahce debut.
Danny Hylton scored the only goal of the game as Exeter came from behind to draw with 10-man Luton.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album, titled Untitled Unmastered, on the same day as his hit To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people have been taking part in the Edinburgh International Ice Festival.
Manchester City Council's senior staff are set to receive pay rises of up to 20%.
Canadian MPs have voted to change the lyrics of O Canada, the country's national anthem.
A former US gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial accused of sexually abusing a girl under 13.
The family of a suffragette jailed for plotting to murder the prime minister is to be honoured with a blue plaque in Derby.
Five people have died after a whale-watching boat capsized in the Canadian province of Tofino.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major after winning the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale.
Tottenham midfielder Idrissa Bentaleb has joined Bundesliga side Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death in front of their two young children has been jailed for life.
Tony Andreu missed the penalty as Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by 10-man Raith Rovers.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of June.
The owner of Argos, Homebase and Homebase has reported a fall in like-for-like sales in the first quarter of the year.
The Arab Spring is about more than the "supply-side" of revolution.
Bethany Hill, who was eliminated from the US version of The Voice, is one of the most successful back-up singers in rock history.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a cycling festival in Bristol.
A woman has been shot dead in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, police say.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing grievous bodily harm to a police officer by driving dangerously.
A man has died after being rescued from the sea off the Isle of Wight.
A woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend said she feared he was stalking her, a court has heard.
A collection of prams from a Nottinghamshire family business has sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has been investigated by police for sexting.
A man who bombarded Bristol Airport with threats has been jailed for three years.
England set up a four-day finish to the first Test against Australia with an emphatic display in Cardiff.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats full-back Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have announced bigger battery packs for their latest smartphones.
Processed meat has been classified as a carcinogen by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Southern rail conductors are to stage two days of strike action in a row over pay and conditions.
A dissident republican paramilitary group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer John Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's EU citizens' rights offer is a "good start" as the EU prepares to leave the bloc.
Kim So-yeon shot a five-under-par 66 to win the Women's British Open by one shot from fellow South Korea's Charley Ciganda.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against a gay rights group after a photo of her with her boyfriend was featured on a leaflet in school.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has become the first British woman to win the World Sport Climbing Championships.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest dairy food company, is to sell its dairies business to a German firm.
Retailer Visa has warned that consumers are being "skint" as they struggle to keep pace with shop prices.
A wheelchair user has said he was left "horrified and frightening" after being stuck in a train door.
A fountain used to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne is to be supplied with water from a natural lake.
Astronaut Tim Peake is set to make history on Tuesday when he takes to the International Space Station.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found shot in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso held off a late challenge from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel to win the Hungarian Grand Prix.
The death toll from torrential rain in Japan has risen to 23, officials say.
It's that time of year again when you're not at work.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan signings of Callum Waddington and Ryan Davies.
The number of newborn pups at a Norfolk nature reserve has reached a record high, a ranger has said.
The number of Hainan gibbons in China has fallen dramatically, according to new research.
MPs have rejected a bid by the SNP and Plaid Cymru to delay a rise in the VAT tax on the wealthy.
The threat to the Welsh economy is "far deeper than steel", Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has announced plans to build 1,000 new homes on the eastern edge of the city centre.
Liverpool's Champions League quarter-final first-leg tie against Chelsea on Saturday is one of the most important games of the season for the Reds.
Laura Waters won the British Squash Championship for the second time in three years with victory over Jamie Waters in Nottingham.
Jeremy Corbyn has a problem with anti-Semitism.
The studio behind Frozen is to release a sequel to the hit film, the studio has announced.
Wembley Stadium has been confirmed as the venue for the Women's FA Cup final.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Championship strugglers Bolton.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit his first first-class century of the season to help his side take control against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Britain's Adam Rutherford won the men's 10,000m at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "completely broken and devastated".
Dog poo is on the rise on Scottish beaches.
Chelsea captain John Terry will miss the rest of the season after being sent off in the 1-1 draw with Manchester United.
Four members of an international organised crime gang have been found guilty of stealing artefacts worth up to £57m in a series of raids.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what's going on in Kenya and Tanzania.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most important organisations.
A football fan has completed a £50,000 challenge to swim the English Channel.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side's "losing mentality" contributed to their FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal.
Glasgow head coach Gregor Townsend admitted his side made too many mistakes in the second half of their Pro12 semi-final defeat by Edinburgh.
The Royal Navy's aircraft carriers are due to be built at the Clyde's Govan shipyard in 2015.
A woman was stabbed in the face by her ex-boyfriend in a revenge porn attack, a court has heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane has a "weakness" in his game, according to former England striker Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Canada's Vasek Pospisil.
The designer of the Etch A Sketch toy has died at the age of 87.
The government is to sell off its stake in the UK's first green investment bank.
A solar-powered phone box has been unveiled in central London.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its recall of its Galaxy Note 7 phones, saying it is "working with relevant regulatory bodies" to find out what caused the devices to overheate.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has admitted sexually abusing boys in the 1960s and 70s.
The US space agency, Nasa, has released the final picture of its Curiosity rover on Mars.
A Labour MP has criticised a health board for failing to provide evidence to back up her claims about the death of a man in hospital.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
Children are being taught in "unhygienic and filthy accommodation" as part of an investigation into unregistered schools in the Midlands.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to reject new proposals for the City Garden Project.
A plaque is to be unveiled at the home of one of Scotland's most decorated submariners.
Lionel Messi has rejected a request by Spanish prosecutors to drop tax fraud charges against the footballer.
Celtic will face Rangers in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals at Ibrox on Tuesday.
A hospital group is considering suspending IVF services and cutting gluten-free prescriptions in a bid to save money.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he has been in a situation where a president has asked him to take command of the international security force in Afghanistan.
Taiwan is leading a movement that has transformed traditional Buddhism into a powerful force in the world's second largest religion.
A garden has opened at a children's hospital in Cardiff which is the first in Wales to have a dedicated outdoor space.
More than half of new mothers in Wales are planning to breastfeed their newborns, according to a survey.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to helping her husband travel to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group.
The European Union is to set up a common list of tax havens in response to the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic defender Joe Ambrose has joined Blackburn Rovers on loan until the end of the season.
Arctic terns have been attacked by walkers with sticks and stones in Dumfries and Galloway.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Monday, boosted by a rise in bank shares.
Sir Philip Green has made a fresh offer to secure the pensions of BHS pension scheme members, the BBC understands.
Scotland second row Leone Nakawara will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season to join Edinburgh.
Batsman Pritam Patel has signed a new two-year contract with Northamptonshire.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise by two thirds in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders has written to the prime minister urging him to reopen the review into the evacuation of British nationals from Libya.
A team of scientists have been sent to the Indian Ocean to try to find out what is underneath the surface of the Earth.
Bored people are more likely to give themselves a mild electric shock out of boredom, a study suggests.
A 10-year-old girl has been shot in the leg by a police dog in Kent.
A murder investigation has been launched after two men were stabbed in separate incidents in Birmingham.
A species of spider that uses silk to control its jumping manoeuvres has been discovered by Taiwanese scientists.
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of Tom Horstmann, Dan Salvi and Joe Atkins.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says the club's new ownership structure will be "better than they are at the moment".
It's been a busy summer for the Premier League, with plenty of new signings making their debuts.
The fallout from the so-called "bedroom tax" makes the front page of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter.
Domino's Pizza Group, the owner of Pizza Hut and Pizza Hut, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for 2015, helped by a surge in e-commerce sales.
National League side Brighton & Hove Albion have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder James Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in a bomb attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, officials say.
Irish Labour leader Jim Murphy has said the party has been "stretched to the limits" in Northern Ireland.
When President Barack Obama walked into the African Union's headquarters in Nairobi on Wednesday morning, he was greeted by a cacophony of applause.
Former Northern Ireland road racing champion David Farquhar has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious injuries in a crash at the North West 200.
The number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales has risen, according to Transport Police.
Tiger Woods has said he is receiving "professional help" to manage his back problems and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities has been agreed in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the US and Russia say.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will be drawn against each other in the draw for the Europa League last 32.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house and causing cladding to catch light.
French President Francois Hollande has been accused of a "grotesque betrayal" over plans to strip terrorists convicted of terrorism of their French nationality.
The Green Party has announced plans to abolish a VAT on sanitary products in England and Wales.
A cash machine has been blown up during a robbery in Cumbernauld.
The Co-op Insurance has been ordered to provide two separate quotations for no claims bonus insurance, after it missed a deadline to do so.
South African prosecutors say they will appeal against a judge's decision to sentence Oscar Pistorius to life in prison for murdering his girlfriend.
Russia's foreign minister has said the US is "not able or not willing" to separate the Syrian opposition from the Islamic State group.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry to raise money for cancer research.
China's communist leaders have banned a documentary critical of the state's handling of the country's air pollution, the BBC has learned.
A man has been seriously injured in a burglary at a house in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard's late winner earned Dagenham a 2-1 win over Bromley in the National League.
The number of children being sexually exploited in England and Wales is "far greater" than previously thought, says a report.
Scottish distiller Edrington has appointed Crawford Gillies as its new chairman.
(Close): The pound strengthened against the dollar on Tuesday, extending gains seen on Monday.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio message from their new leader, in which a crying baby is heard crying.
Worcestershire opened their County Championship campaign with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
A lollipop lady who was blinded by the sun was hit by a car driven by a lorry driver who failed to stop for a red light, a court has heard.
Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
A man who went missing while competing in a triathlon has been found dead.
Barcelona have confirmed they have paid 13,550,830.56 euros (£13.8m) in tax for the signing of Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's leading investor in clean energy, according to a new report.
A temporary footbridge is to be installed in a Derbyshire town after the government offered £300,000 towards the cost of repairs.
A football club that has been in exile for more than a decade has returned to its home town.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 friction lock batons disguised as stun guns from China.
Christoph Mueller, the chief executive of Malaysian Airlines, has resigned after more than two years in the post.
Police have appealed for information after a man was found with serious head injuries on a rise in West Lothian.
A reality TV star has been mocked by viewers for having a spray tan on his face.
Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson has been accused of lying about his childhood indiscretions.
Nigeria's former Fifa president, Yakubu Adamu, is being investigated by the country's anti-corruption committee.
African art is one of the most sought-after forms of entertainment in the world.
Scientists have made some of the most detailed maps yet of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has approved a bill that would criminalise people who use social media to spread false stories.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho should have apologised for his treatment of Chelsea physio Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of the leader of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
George the dog has been enjoying his new home in Manchester.
At least 25 people have been killed and more than 100 injured after an attack by Libyan coast guards on a migrant boat off the Italian coast, a charity says.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence as a Javelin Commander.
The SNP spent more than £9m on its general election campaign than the Lib Dems, the Electoral Commission has said.
Newport Gwent Dragons have appointed former St Helens and Castleford Tigers prop Tom Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President-elect Donald Trump has been accused of a "lack of understanding" of what it takes to win the war in Afghanistan and Ukraine.
Is Mumbai's Bellandur lake a lake of snow?
A murder investigation has been launched after a pensioner was stabbed to death in Cardiff.
The reverse of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be unveiled at the World Para Athletics Championships in London in August.
The UK's ban on the sale and supply of so-called legal highs has led to the closure of more than 100 shops in London.
Astronomers from around the world have been taking part in the International Photographic Society (IGS) competition to find the best images of the year.
The Nasdaq stock exchange has been hit by a technical glitch.
A man has been jailed for 18 months for taking indecent images of women at two Edinburgh railway stations.
World leaders are meeting in Rwanda to try to reach a deal to phase out harmful greenhouse gases.
Mobile phone operator EE has developed a network of balloons that can be used to provide internet coverage to rural areas.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England is "one of the toughest Test matches I've been involved in".
David Cameron has apologised to a London mayoral candidate for suggesting he supports so-called Islamic State.
Plans for a wind farm in Skye have been approved by councillors.
The government has said it is "confident" it will be able to pass its Brexit bill despite opposition from the Scottish and Welsh governments.
Ride-sharing service Uber is losing $1bn (Â£1.3bn) a year in China, according to reports.
Parents of children at a children's day camp whose director has been charged with possessing indecent images of children are to be refunded.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at 160lb following his victory over Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man has died after a light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airfield in County Fermanagh.
Preston legend Sir Tom Finney has died at the age of 91, his club have announced.
Fleetwood Town have signed Netherlands striker Kris Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new chief of the intelligence agency, the ISI.
The death of a baby boy at Huddersfield Birthing Centre was caused by four missed chances to provide medical input, an inquest has heard.
The government's draft banking reform bill falls well short of what is required, according to regulators.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A British tourist has died while scuba diving on a reef in Australia.
A protein in the venom of venomous spiders could be used to treat brain damage after a stroke, a study suggests.
Proposals for a joint training college for fire and rescue services in Northern Ireland have been revised, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a high mountain in Aberdeenshire.
As a group of blind cricketers prepare to play in the first ever blind-cricket tournament in the West Indies, one is struck by the excitement in the air.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for the family of seven-year-old Jack Johnson.
A woman who was jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a Dumfries businessman is to appeal against her conviction.
American swimmer Ryan Lochte has pulled out of a multi-million dollar sponsorship deal with the fast-food brand Speedo.
Hampshire sealed their place in the One-Day Cup semi-finals with victory over Durham at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to sign new players as they prepare to begin their pre-season campaign.
A new £46m office development in Belfast Harbour has been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Four-year-old Claire Williams is hoping to become the first person in the world to walk the London Marathon unaided.
The US Department of Justice has said it has found "serious systemic deficiencies" in the prison system in California.
A man in South Yorkshire has been able to grow a banana in his garden for the first time.
Dennis Nalbandian is one of the best tennis players in the world.
Chris Froome's victory in the Tour de France was "incredible", says Team Sky team-mate Dave Brailsford.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a 2,000-year-old berry.
Terry Canning believes Pedro Caixinha's style of play will change when he takes charge of Rangers on Saturday.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan in Birmingham on Wednesday.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has carried out its first test flight of a robotic spacecraft.
Plans to redevelop a high school in the Isle of Man have been put back by a month.
Former Greek Finance Minister Ioannis Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a list of HSBC bank account holders.
A hospital has been criticised for selling a "gold plated" blackout blind to a matron for £22.95.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been jailed for seven years for raping a woman in her own home in south London.
A fertility charity has called for the number of IVF cycles in Scotland to be cut.
There is "insufficient capacity and capability" to respond to rising demand in hospitals across the UK, a report has suggested.
Trams have been tested in Manchester as part of a £1bn expansion of the city centre.
US drugmaker Mylan has announced a generic version of its EpiPen allergy treatment, in response to rising prices.
Kell Brook has been ruled out of Saturday's WBA world welterweight title fight with Gennady Golovkin after suffering an eye injury in his defeat.
Bristol City Council has announced it is pulling out of next month's Great British Run.
Crystal Palace striker Moussa Dembele has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Michael Gove has said the UK will be out of the common fisheries policy after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has been placed on a ventilator.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Saturday's League One match between Wigan Athletic and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested after a suspected gas explosion at a supermarket.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in Fife have released CCTV images of three men they want to trace.
Humberside Police's chief constable has written to head teachers asking them to consider taking children on holiday.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has insisted he will not exclude himself from being prime minister by not talking to the SNP during the general election campaign.
American football is back on the big stage in the United States after the Super Bowl.
A man who killed his five-year-old daughter and gave her nightmares has been jailed for life.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat 10-man Taunton and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan have signed South Africa batsman Colin Ingram for the 2019 Big Bash competition.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said it is "concerned" by a report into how official statistics are collected.
Two years ago, a group of Yazidi women were walking through a refugee camp in the Iraqi city of Sinjar, near the border with Syria, when the Islamic State (IS) group was driven out of their homes.
Michael Clarke marked his return from injury with a century on day one of the first Test against England, which was overshadowed by the death of Hughes.
Bristol's main railway station has been temporarily closed to the public for 24 hours due to safety concerns.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been hit by a second cyber attack in less than 24 hours.
The RSC actor John McCowen, best known for playing James Bond in the 1960s film Thunderball, has died at the age of 87.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa won the third one-day international by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the UK's withdrawal from the European Union is having little impact on its members' day-to-day business.
A double-decker bus has caught fire in Bishopsgate in south London.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite in a row over the impact of the falling pound on production costs.
A new building has been unveiled at Glasgow School of Art.
Labour MEP Owen Smith has urged the European Union to respect the will of Scotland.
Kumar Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket.
High winds have caused major disruption in parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has announced a package of measures aimed at stabilising the dairy market in Northern Ireland.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was disappointed with his side's second-half display as they were held to a goalless draw by Hearts.
The reintroduction of otters to Hokkaido in Japan is due to begin later.
When I arrived in Bangkok two days ago, I had no idea what to expect.
UKIP has apologised for a tweet about the cost of treating British HIV sufferers.
Barcelona striker Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out a routine test of its Falcon rocket.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, as far as possible.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra hit a six-wicket haul as his side were held to a draw by Hampshire at Edgbaston.
People living outside Wales could be barred from standing as assembly candidates unless they are living in England.
If the Tories win the general election, they will have to show us how much they would spend on social care and immigration.
Former Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is set to leave the team at the end of the season.
A knife has gone missing from a prison, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist has died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record.
The brother of a British man who went missing in Thailand has said his mother has lost her youngest son.
Women's Super League One club Arsenal Ladies have announced they are changing their name.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in woodland in Surrey.
A British teacher who died after suffering a carbon monoxide leak in China died of natural causes, an inquest has heard.
MPs have voted to back a charter that would force future governments to run an absolute budget surplus when the economy is growing.
The world's oldest carnival is to return to the city centre for the first time in more than 50 years.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says it is "nice to feel like a football player again" after making his return from injury.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with conspiring to kill Americans and carry out attacks against the US military.
Brighton and Hove Albion moved up to second in the Championship table with victory over Ipswich Town.
A cash machine has been stolen from a shop in Kent, police have said.
A woman whose body was found in the sea off Devon has been described as a "beautiful, kind, loving woman".
CairnGorm Mountain has said it is "looking forward" to a "great season" for skiing and snow boarding in the Scottish Highlands.
The son of Jean McConville, who was murdered by the IRA, has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has told him he is "ready for the backlash".
Have you ever wondered what it might be like to live in a museum?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who was trying to groom other underage girls, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
A parade has taken place in Donegal to mark the Twelfth anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne.
Wales' political parties have released their manifestos for the general election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the club are "short" of new signings.
Blackpool were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester in League Two.
China is "committing to do something about it", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died while on duty at Durham Cathedral.
Wales has the highest level of broadband availability in the UK, according to a report by communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being invited to give their views on a proposed travellers' site in Powys.
Repairs to a church spire damaged by woodpeckers have been approved.
Republican front-runner Donald Trump has called a number on his phone in a bid to boost his lead in the race for the White House.
US President Barack Obama has said the first day of the Obamacare healthcare exchanges will be "life changing" for millions of Americans who lack the law.
A security alert in Londonderry has ended.
The US safety regulator has proposed new rules to restrict the use of devices that are not built into the car.
A delegation from Northern Ireland, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and the Social Democratic and Labour Party (Sinn Fein) has arrived in Colombia to discuss the Colombian peace process.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry.
Sam Lyth hit his first half-century of the season as Yorkshire dominated day two against Surrey at The Oval.
A man has been fined Â£1,000 for causing a crash in Crawley which left four people injured.
Channel 5's Ken Morley is facing fresh complaints about his behaviour on the soap.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix to a burst water main will be completed in two weeks.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint at a shop in Londonderry.
Liam Eastwood is to challenge SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A North Lanarkshire town has been nominated for a prestigious award for civic pride.
Cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m has been found during a police operation in County Antrim.
Welsh Labour only gets to be the natural party of Wales if it consistently re-invigorate itself, a former minister has said.
Former world number one Annika Sorenstam believes Charley Hull could be a top-10 player in the world.
A £10,000 investment in a German company has been cancelled after it failed to materialise during the reality TV show The Apprentice.
Bangladesh has restored electricity supplies to most of the country after a major power cut left the country without electricity for several hours.
The Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of Sport NI.
NHS England is to introduce a "fast-track" system for deciding which cancer drugs should be used on the NHS.
A pub publican who stabbed a man in the neck with a steak knife has been jailed for three years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who fled to Syria are "distraught" that they will not be reunited with them, a lawyer has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged by the Football Association for his behaviour during Sunday's FA Cup defeat by Burnley.
Two antique cups and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house.
The owners of a private hospital where patients were abused were paid Â£3,500 for their services, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has announced his retirement from first-class cricket.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of US student Amanda Kercher, has had his murder conviction overturned.
Former world number one Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "damaged for a while" after the American missed the cut at the Masters.
A South African sprinter has accused athletics' governing body of treating him as "the face of athletics".
Danny Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Bournemouth to record their first Premier League win of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Lord Bannside considers whether the Orange Order has done enough to protect the Ulster Unionist union.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Hibernian striker Scott Brown on loan until the end of the season.
Belgian police have arrested five people in connection with the Paris attacks, officials say.
Theresa May has met residents affected by the Grenfell Tower fire in west London to offer them "immediate support".
Leigh Centurions have signed Red Devils half-back Joe Chase on a two-year deal, subject to a medical.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted has been extended for a further two years.
Mining giant Anglo American is to cut 85,000 jobs as part of a multi-billion pound restructuring, the company has announced.
French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie has died after being hit by a motorbike during a race in Belgium.
Ulster flanker Stuart McCloskey has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
The US space agency has sent a spacecraft to the asteroid Bennu.
A Cambridge University professor has been ordered to return her two-year-old son to his estranged father in the UK.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled on to rocks.
At least three bodies have been found in a field in the north-eastern Kenyan city of Nairobi, police say.
A powerful cyclone has hit the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
The number of Syrian refugees coming to the UK is "much the same as it's been over the last few months", the government's refugee minister Danny Harrington has said.
A "grave misgivings" over the cost of criminal courts charges has been raised by MPs.
Asda has failed to fix a security flaw that could have exposed customers' details to hackers, the BBC has learned.
A drug-smuggling pilot who set light to a 15th century building in a bid to claim squatter's rights has been jailed.
Mexico beat Brazil 2-1 in extra-time to win the men's Olympic football gold medal.
A 12-sided version of the £1 coin is to be introduced in the UK later this month.
Tomas Lendl says he is considering returning to coaching Andy Murray.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh.
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year deal.
David Llewellin and his son Ben are one of Wales' most famous family members.
George Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the "genocide" committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
An academy chain has announced plans to merge it with Ryde Academy, which is struggling to cope with falling pupil numbers.
Six people have been charged in connection with an attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said it is not possible for him to force his own ministers to back him in the renegotiation of Britain's relationship with the EU.
A US appeals court has ruled that Brendan Dassey, the star of the documentary Making a Murderer, can be released from prison within 90 days.
Cyber-security researchers have abandoned a plan to sell vulnerabilities to a group known as the Shadow Brokers.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for a fee believed to be in the region of £10m.
It would have been "rash and dangerous" to press ahead with plans to force all schools in England to become academies, a report says.
Eleven previously unseen episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, the BBC has announced.
Transport group Menzies has revised its full-year profit outlook after service levels at London Gatwick were restored.
Russia has accused Boris Johnson of being "in the shadow" of his strategic partners after he cancelled a visit to Moscow.
A police force's poster warning children not to be afraid of officers has gone viral.
Police in Scotland are investigating a claim that former Conservative peer Lord Janner sexually abused him.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to merge their women's team with the men's team.
Northern Ireland's flag protests are damaging the image of Northern Ireland around the world, Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Singer Ellie Goulding has said she will not get married until the law on same-sex marriage is passed in Australia.
England wrapped up their Women's Six Nations title with a comfortable victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
A drug that could reduce the number of knee and hip replacements has been shown to reduce the risk of failure, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for the deaths of six babies.
Head teachers have warned that the so-called Trojan Horse scandal is the "tip of the iceberg" in tackling extremism in schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons came from behind to draw with Bristol Rovers.
A field trial of a genetically modified rice has been vandalised in the Philippines.
Fabian Delph has turned down a move to Manchester City.
A hospital has been ordered to improve the care of patients in its A&E department after inspectors said staff were afraid to speak up for fear of retribution.
Education Secretary John Swinney will give a statement on Tuesday following a review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
When Ryan was caught with thousands of pounds worth of drugs in New Zealand in 2000, he thought he was going to be a "big time gangster".
A new degree course in Urdu has been launched at the University of Peshawar.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of being involved in the illegal trade in oil from Islamic State-held territory.
Armed police have been taking selfies with fans at Download Festival.
The European Council president has said no serious negotiations will take place over the UK's vote to leave the EU.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to December.
Chinese police say they have seized more than 1,000 bottles of alcohol and a white powder believed to be the most popular drink in the country.
Banes in Bath have been cleared of waste after a dispute over pay was resolved.
About 4% of TalkTalk customers' personal details have been stolen in a cyber-attack, the telecoms firm has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after the third round of the US PGA Championship.
A Swiss production car has broken the world speed record for the first time.
A British soldier has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a young woman in Uganda.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac says he would be "devastated" if James Davies were to have been hit in the face by James Skelton.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has said that he's found a set of lost F-1 engines.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on Hong Kong this weekend for the city's biggest ice sculpture festival.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist and Ollie Williams have teamed up to record a dance track in the capital, Accra.
Tens of thousands of fans faced long queues at a Premier League match on Wednesday night, it has emerged.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after disappointing jobs figures.
Kevin Pietersen will miss England's final Test against South Africa at Lord's next week.
Scientists say they have a complete view of breast cancer.
Scientists have identified a link between the risk factors for chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Staff at London Metropolitan University are to vote on whether to strike in a row over job losses.
Dundee United maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable win over Raith Rovers.
Glamorgan made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with a six-wicket win over Kent at Canterbury.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two girls who were hit by a car pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died after getting into difficulty on a boat have launched a safety code.
Aston Villa striker Idrissa Gueye has activated his departure clause from the Championship club.
Nigeria's women's and youth football stars are among the nominees for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Player of the Year award.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in a collision with a bus in Bath.
Olympic runner David Pollock has won the Welsh Half Marathon Championships in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has urged the government to open dialogue with the opposition.
Two Virginia schools have been closed after anti-Islamic messages were sent to pupils in the Middle East.
Jordi Jordi has paid tribute to Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff.
Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time in three years with a 6-3 6-4 win over Australian qualifier Anett Kontaveit.
A new flag has been flown in Belfast city centre alongside the Union flag and the Ulster flag.
Michael Meeke secured his second World Rally Championship victory of the season with victory in Sweden.
A Baidu executive has been arrested in China for allegedly driving a self-driving car without his hands off the steering wheel.
Brian Matthew, who has died at the age of 91, was one of the BBC's longest-serving presenters.
Joe Charnley is relishing the challenge of switching to rugby union.
Israel has appointed an Arab police officer as its new police commissioner.
"It's Margaret Thatcher," says one of the three friends sitting in a cafe in Consett.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias has undergone reconstructive surgery after breaking his hand during a concert.
A former police officer has called for the decriminalisation of cannabis.
Johnny Sexton and Owen Farrell will start for the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against Maori on Monday.
Deaf people are being discriminated against because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a shopping centre in Liverpool.
The United Nations has appointed Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is not liable for negligence over the death of a Royal Marine who was injured while diving off the coast of Spain, the High Court has heard.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he is convinced US President-elect Donald Trump is a "leader in whom I can have great confidence".
The European Championship is over and it is time for the knockout stages to begin.
A transgender woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting a fellow inmate is to appeal against her sentence.
A man and his dog have been rescued from a submerged car in a lake in Hertfordshire.
The BBC Micro Computer was one of the most popular computers in the world back in 1981.
Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Ryan Pigott on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer David Thorne is to write the first episode of a new TV series based on the Harry Potter books.
A girl has been shot dead by her father in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A radio presenter who said "every day is hell" has been reunited with his wife during a phone-in show.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at an Oxford hospital have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered beneath a cliff in the Peak District.
Indian wrestler Gurinder Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of a "clear case of conspiracy against him".
More than half of primary and secondary pupils in England are using tablet computers, according to a study.
A group of students from Queen's University in Belfast have begun a campaign to stop the university from investing in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Victor Camara has joined French side Guingamp on a season-long loan.
Singer-songwriter Jason Eska has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a township in South Africa.
Poland's government has said it will not seek prosecution against former President Lech Kaczynski over the 2010 plane crash that killed 96 people.
Cardiff City are "highly insolvent", according to the club's latest accounts.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Brighton.
A Sheffield woman has said she is "heartbroken" that she has not been recognised for her work with the women of World War Two.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Scotland's beaches have been rated as among the best in the world for water quality.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Mahony were forced off as Ireland fought back to beat France and reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering his two-year-old son.
Mauritius's Prime Minister Murali Jugnauth has announced he is stepping down.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden.
Nigeria international Victor Oshaniwa has joined Hearts from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod on a two-year deal.
Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of her ongoing family situation.
Tributes have been paid to a former Middlesbrough footballer who was found dead in his hotel room.
A group of speed bikers have taken to the streets of London to perform a series of speed bumps.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to keep their hopes of avoiding relegation alive.
The BBC is using the messaging app WhatsApp every day to bring you the latest news and information from around the world.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK.
Cambridge United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Manchester United.
France has condemned Turkish air strikes on Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in Dundee.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a "hangover" after their League One defeat by Barnsley.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) will not reopen shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed high levels of E.coli contamination.
The European Union has expressed concern over a new border between Georgia and Russia, which it says is a continuation of "creeping Russian annexation".
A minute's silence has been observed in Paris to mark the 130th anniversary of the attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Ghana has shut down its air and ground mission to fight the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
Rescuers in Nepal have rescued two people from the rubble of a building hit by Saturday's earthquake in the capital, Kathmandu.
(Close): Healthcare shares were the biggest gainers on the S&P 500 after the US Supreme Court ruled in favour of the government in Greece.
BBC Sport will bring you live coverage of the FA Cup third qualifying round tie between Bridlington Town and South Shields.
When I walked onto the pitch in Paris last week I was greeted with a mixture of pride and embarrassment.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to remove four suspended legislators from their seats, in a move seen as a victory for the government.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found on a motorway.
Having a university-educated parent has a greater effect on children's reading ability than having a university degree, research suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Lee Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association.
For centuries the Church of England has been dominated by men.
The founder of the Great British Bake Off has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing boys.
Northstone, the County Antrim-based building materials firm, has reported a fall in group turnover in 2012.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, the security services have stepped up their patrols.
The US says it is starting to train and arm Syrian rebels fighting the Islamic State (IS) group.
French voters go to the polls on 7 May to choose their next president.
The funeral of a former Dizzee Rascal DJ has taken place.
Family and friends of Adam Lanza, the 17-year-old who was shot dead by a gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut, have described him as a "very bright boy".
Ireland women's hockey team reached the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a 4-0 win over Wales in Belfast.
A health trust has admitted failing to prevent a patient from falling from a rooftop at a Hampshire hospital.
Two men have been arrested during a police operation in Bedford.
The pound has fallen to its lowest level against the dollar since the financial crisis of 2008.
Labour and Plaid Cymru have accused UKIP of "scarymongering" over immigration.
Roger Federer has congratulated Milos Raonic on a "great start" to his Australian Open campaign.
Morecambe suffered their first home defeat of the season as they were beaten 3-1 by Mansfield.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men in Kilmarnock.
Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in his role as Rangers captain, according to former Scotland captain Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County board chairman David Foxall says the club's decision to sack Graham Westley was the right one.
The parents of a Scottish woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written an open letter to her family saying they are "humbled" by the outpouring of support they have received.
More than half of people in the East of England are unable to name any of their local councillors, according to new research.
The BBC's decision not to renew the contract of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been greeted with a range of reactions on social media.
A former head teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of encouraging "religious influence" on pupils.
League Two side Notts County have signed former Wales international defender Chris Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular exercise in the 60s may help prevent memory loss in later life, a study suggests.
A coroner has described a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a County Londonderry man who took his own life.
The mother of a British student who was stranded in Nepal after the country's earthquake has said she is concerned about her daughter's safety.
Britain's Andy Murray will face Ukraine's Naomi Broady in the second round of the Australian Open on Monday.
European politicians have called for a referendum on the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Three men have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK in a lorry.
The Haka, a traditional dance performed by the Maori people, has been performed by Prince Harry during his visit to New Zealand.
An "overwhelming tide" of unhealthy food promotions is affecting the health and diet of consumers in Scotland, according to a report.
Partick Thistle have confirmed they are investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse against a former employee.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and their shrubbery damaged in an alleged breach of planning laws.
The owner of O2, Li-Ka Shing, has announced plans to buy the UK's biggest mobile operator, O2.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can control cars remotely.
Two men have been jailed for defrauding businesses out of thousands of pounds by posing as emergency services to sell advertising.
A fund has been set up to help refugees resettled in Aberdeen.
It's that time of year again when many of the world's leading business leaders are looking forward to the next 12 months.
Cornish Pirates props Alex Cheesman and Morgs Morgan have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in Stafford to call for the closure of Stafford Hospital.
A Cardiff man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag on his Facebook page in a bid to raise awareness of the condition.
US President Donald Trump has said that Robert E Lee's monument to George Washington will be removed next week.
A tram line from Derby to Derby would cost about £200m, it has been revealed.
Newport Gwent Dragons' proposed £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has been approved by shareholders.
The Beltane Fire Festival has taken place in County Antrim.
Hundreds of homes are to be built on the site of a former German army base in Gloucestershire.
The driver of Tesla's Autopilot feature was able to see a lorry for seven seconds, a US regulator has said.
Uganda's government website has been taken over by hackers, the government says.
A man has been jailed for eight years for carrying out a series of offensive weapons offences in the Republic of Ireland.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a new one-year contract with the county.
A 78-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Oxford.
Saudi Arabia has accused the US of violating its sovereign immunity over the 9/11 attacks.
A decommissioned oil rig which ran aground on the Isle of Lewis last month is to be put on a ship to be scrapped.
Police in Pakistan have arrested two men on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple accused of blasphemy over a dispute over money.
The UN has confirmed that a proposed unity government in Libya will be led by a deputy prime minister.
If you're planning to spend Christmas with your family this year, you might want to think again about how much you'll be spending it.
A former American football player has been found dead in his prison cell in the US state of Nebraska.
The number of fatal police shootings in England and Wales has risen by more than a third in a year, according to the police watchdog.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has terminated its sponsorship deal with German sportswear giant Adidas.
Ireland secured a draw with the Netherlands in a rain-affected Intercontinental Cup match in Dublin.
Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto has been shot dead by a machete-wielding intruder at his farm complex, police say.
A team of scientists has been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A US judge has ruled that genetic tests should be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of Prince.
A Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham owner Daniel Sullivan and his partner David Gold have confirmed they are considering a takeover of the club by Coca-Cola.
Google has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by a jump in advertising revenue.
The new owners of a company which went into administration have said they hope to secure new work in the next two years.
A woman accused of defrauding her elderly neighbour out of £100,000 has told a court she was "taking advantage of the fact she was no longer here".
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county.
Google has announced that its Google Home smart speaker will be available in the UK from 6 April.
The deportation of a Nigerian woman and her two daughters from the UK has been delayed, the Home Office has said.
A senior member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UKIP) has been expelled from the party.
A 40-year-old man from Dublin has been shot dead in Spain.
A giant panda at Edinburgh Zoo is pregnant, according to the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland.
Ipswich boosted their League One survival hopes with a comfortable win over relegation-threatened Wigan.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been given a two-game ban for punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the head during the Super League defeat at Old Trafford.
Hungary is to offer buses to migrants who have crossed the Hungarian border to Austria, officials say.
Chelsea goalkeeper Victor Moses could return to the club this season, according to manager Mark Hughes.
Coventry City moved up to second in League One with victory over 10-man Millwall.
Scottish councils are spending more on education than they did in England, according to official figures.
A man who was jailed for four-and-a-half years for uploading indecent images of children to the internet has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Events have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers and the Denver Nuggets will play in the first regular-season game of the NBA season in London's O2 Arena.
Jimmy Hennessy was a father-of-two from Liverpool who travelled to Europe with his family, who all survived.
Grimsby moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable victory over Mansfield.
Somalia's new president, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo, has vowed to pardon the country's Islamist militant group al-Shabab.
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
More than 1,000 domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest against the government's crackdown on immigration.
Eoin Morgan scored his best ever run-chase score as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw in the League One play-off semi-final.
Former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll has been appointed Liverpool's new head coach.
The US has imposed a travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the US.
The police response to the 2011 London riots was flawed and could have been avoided, MPs have said.
Marketing on social media has been a huge success for small and medium-sized firms, but how do you do it on a budget?
Voters in the UK will decide whether or not the country should remain a member of the European Union.
A man who hid £237,000 of cash in his wife's car boot has been jailed.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most vexing pests in the UK.
Rent on beach huts in Poole is to rise by more than 10% in a bid to meet demand, a council has said.
A barge that ran aground off the Norwegian coast on Tuesday has run aground in high winds, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of oil workers.
For many people, Easter is a magical time of year.
A late-night levy on pubs and clubs in Liverpool has been rejected by councillors.
US President Barack Obama has said he will hold individuals accountable for the bombing of a hospital run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF).
Two-time British Open champion Rebekah Shuker won her first British Open wheelchair doubles title with victory in London on Sunday.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's long-running conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and move into the Super League play-off places.
Hibernian returned to the top of the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Celtic midfielder Ryan Wilson on a one-year deal.
"When I first came to India, I was living in a refugee camp," says Rangoon Sarlan.
More than two-thirds of couples in the UK are unhappy with their relationship, according to a new report.
The Scottish government has been criticised for its "dreadful" decision to scrap a competition to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology in the UK.
Europe's new satellite navigation system, Galileo, has been developed by the European Space Agency.
The sister of a teenager whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has said it is "time this came to an end".
The PSNI has removed a Facebook post in which the name of a man shot in the legs by a paramilitary-style attack in west Belfast.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says the majority of the club's fans want him to leave the club.
Gareth Bale says Wales' Euro 2016 qualifying campaign would be "amazing" if they can reach the finals on Sunday.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has told BBC News that students in China are learning the Chinese language.
There is a "huge scope" for getting it wrong with sepsis, a leading medical expert has warned.
A wildlife charity has launched a judicial review into the decision to stop work on a cycle track in Derby.
Work is under way on a new £33m community hospital in Somerset.
More than 80 Commonwealth leaders have signed a letter to David Cameron calling for the UK to leave the European Union.
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper has said she is "very unlikely" to serve in the shadow cabinet under Jeremy Corbyn.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced.
Spectacular images of lenticular clouds and rainbow reflections have been shared on social media.
A statue of former Watford manager Paul Taylor is to be erected in his memory, the club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them a place in the Challenge Cup final against Exeter.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde both scored twice as Barnet came from behind to draw at Grimsby.
Sunderland have completed the signing of Argentina international striker Juan Scocco from Newell's Athletic.
It's been a turbulent week for the European Union.
Chennai has become the latest Indian city to get a metro, with the first train being driven by a woman.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in south Armagh, County Tyrone.
England have named six uncapped players in their squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan, with Ben Stokes included in the squad.
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan by six wickets in the first Twenty20 international of the season.
A US spacewalk has been delayed because of a water leak in his suit.
A red kite has been shot in the head in North Yorkshire.
Two men have been jailed for smuggling drugs and stun guns into the UK from the dark web.
Johnny Sexton and Johnny Sexton have been recalled to the Ireland squad for Sunday's Six Nations match against New Zealand.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the value of the euro.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the most influential women in British history.
The US has condemned Russia's decision to send missiles to Syria in response to the country's chemical weapons attack.
Banksy has denied claims he is trolling people who bought tickets for his new exhibition on the Somerset seafront.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he will never give up on fighting for the Britain that he believes in.
Four cats have died in the past seven days after ingesting antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs are concerned about the impact of the Willis case on the medical staff at Saracens.
Retailers in Singapore have been asked to remove products from Indonesian firms accused of contributing to the haze caused by forest fires in the region.
Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has said he is "fighting with his spirit, his vision, his love" after the death of President Hugo Chavez.
The US Supreme Court has begun hearing arguments in a case that could lead to the legalisation of same-sex marriage in the US.
England are in "confident spirits" ahead of Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Italy, according to a new study.
Conservative Zac Goldsmith has won the race to become London mayor.
A woman has spoken of her shock after jewellery worth £10,000 was stolen from her husband's home.
Rule The World, ridden by David Mullins, won the Grand National at Aintree for the first time in his career.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking children on term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton says Formula 1 governing body will have "no option" but to impose a 'halo' device on cars following the death of John Surtees.
A new project to assess the impact of climate change on Welsh islands has been launched.
If you have a question about a BBC programme or website, we would like to hear from you.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England international Paul Dunn as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
Pernod Ricard, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the year.
News Corp, the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year.
China's newspapers are taking to the front pages to express their anger at the UN tribunal's decision to overturn a landmark ruling on the South China Sea.
A six-month-old baby who died after being removed from a ventilator was not given enough early medical care, an inquest has heard.
A cancer charity set up by a BBC Radio Derby presenter has raised more than £50,000.
A man who conned two people out of more than £600,000 has been ordered to pay back the money.
A two-year-old boy has been found dead at a house in south London.
Ian Gilmour was seen hanging from a flag on the Cenotaph during a "outrageous and deeply offensive" rampage of disorder, a court has ruled.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete in a supermarket has been jailed for life.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria has announced that it will impose daily quotas on the number of refugees it accepts, in a bid to cope with the influx of migrants.
David Beckham's Miami Beckham United team has submitted a bid to build a Major League Soccer (MLS) stadium in the city.
Actress Helen Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Hollywood director Alfred Hitchcock in the 1960s.
Doctors in Abu Dhabi say they are treating a severely obese woman who has been in intensive care in India.
A Nazi salute video has been released by Buckingham Palace after it was described as "disappointing".
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the most extreme on record, a study has found.
Voting is under way for the first time in more than 40 years.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic suffered a shock defeat by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 162 by Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Sunderland.
The final report from the Advisory Committee on Drugs and Crime (ACMD) into the introduction of new psychoactive substances in England and Wales has been published.
At least 31 people have been arrested in Morocco after clashes between fans and the Football Association of Morocco Football Federation (FMRFF).
On the outskirts of Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, a group of soldiers are marching through the streets to celebrate Heroes' Day.
Rangers have signed Accrington Stanley striker Scott Windass on loan until the end of the season.
A New Zealand rocket company has successfully launched its first vehicle.
The amount of overtime paid by NHS hospitals in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the past three years, the BBC has learned.
Rugby can be a dangerous sport, but it can also be a fun sport.
At least 11 people have been killed by Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano, the country's highest volcano, officials say.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of doping by Uefa after failing a drugs test.
Wales goes to the polls on 8 May to choose its next prime minister.
Every child in Scotland should have basic rights to food, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland.
A teenager who took her own life because of a lack of specialist support was "failed by the system", an inquest has heard.
The cost of speeding courses offered by police in England and Wales could rise by up to £5, a report has said.
US military police are investigating a pillow fight at West Point, New York, in which cadets were injured.
Brazilians have been reacting angrily to the government's decision to impeach a politician over comments he made about homosexuality and people of African descent.
The Batmobile, the car used by Batman in the 1960s TV series Gotham City, has been sold at auction for $1.
The Home Secretary Theresa May has announced new measures to stop migrants using public services to which they are not entitled.
On the first day of the French Labour Day party's annual conference in Paris, one of its leaders, Jean-Marie Le Pen, delivered a passionate speech.
World number one Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over Kevin O'Brien.
The funeral of a former Barnsley goalkeeper has taken place.
One of the UK's biggest energy suppliers has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who were left unable to submit meter readings or check their bill.
Nico Rosberg took pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton was forced to pit twice under the safety car.
A man has denied killing a man who was found dead in a ditch in Carlisle.
Mario Balotelli says he will always have a "special place in my heart" at Manchester City.
Shares in Volkswagen have fallen sharply after the German carmaker was ordered to recall millions of cars in the US over emissions cheating.
Scotland Under-21 midfielder Alex Samson has signed a new two-year contract with Rangers.
Andy Murray's wife Kim is expecting their first child, according to BBC Scotland.
French Premiership clubs are considering switching to the Super Rugby competition next season.
A time capsule dating back more than 100 years has been uncovered during work to replace a bridge.
Virtual reality has been showing off at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A Chinese woman who claimed she was "divorced because of her fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has warned that US President-elect Donald Trump's plan to move the Vatican's embassy to Jerusalem will not help peace.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with hare coursing in the Dalkeith area of Glasgow.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction has been announced.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of South Africa to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Cabinet minister Chris Huhne should not have been given a free pass to the Houses of Parliament, an MP has said.
A worker was contaminated with radiation at Devonport Royal Dockyard, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of a string of sex offences against seven boys in Nottinghamshire.
Microsoft is launching a new version of its classroom-based game Minecraft.
Republic of Ireland manager Michael O'Neill says he is "happy to stay on" as manager of the Republic of Ireland.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for players in the January transfer window.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said he would like the UK to hold a referendum on whether to stay in the European Union.
The European Council president has said he will not start parallel talks with the UK on the divorce bill.
Five teenagers have been charged in connection with a knife attack in Dumbarton.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a former pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
More than 1,000 websites offering students bespoke academic essays in return for payment are causing universities concern, BBC Wales has learned.
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK sent an image of a police officer to friends and family, a court has heard.
Plans for a wind farm near Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort have been approved by the Scottish government.
Is the Iraqi city of Mosul being overrun by Islamic State (IS) forces?
Mame Biram Diouf scored the only goal of the game as Chelsea came from behind to draw with Stoke.
Two men and a woman have been charged over the death of a man at a Dorset park.
The first acts have been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in North Lanarkshire.
More than 100 branches are to close in Scotland in the last year, according to new research.
The UK is set to become the first country in the world to introduce new rules to prevent the collapse of its banks.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter, helped by a pick-up in industrial output, official figures show.
A woman has died after being hit by a lorry in Torry.
Chinese shares traded higher on Monday, recovering some of Friday's losses after the country's trade data showed exports fell sharply in March.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation within 50 days.
Police have released CCTV images of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault in Dorset.
David Haye has clashed with Tony Bellew ahead of their heavyweight bout on Saturday.
Two climbers have gone missing while climbing one of Europe's highest peaks.
Parents could soon be able to tell their children to slow down if they go over a speed limit.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in northern Spain.
Kent director of cricket David Kennedy has announced he is to leave the club at the end of the season.
An MP from India's ruling Shiv Sena party has been banned from all flights operated by the country's airlines.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, the world's deadliest mass shooting has been taking place in France.
Boris Johnson's relationship with US President-elect Donald Trump has been one of the most volatile in recent years.
Obese teenagers are three times more likely to develop a bowel tumour than those who are overweight, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said the party is "in danger of not asking the right questions" about its future.
One of the "best outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory.
Hassan Rouhani is Iran's new President.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father Chris would have loved the chance to lead his country to Euro 2016.
Urgent care units at three hospitals in North Tyneside and Northumberland have been closed overnight to deal with a "very high demand" in day-time admissions.
When I was a student of Russian politics at the University of Moscow in the 1970s, I wrote a series of articles about Russian politics.
The average commute to and from work in London has fallen for the first time in five years, according to a study.
All pets found on the roads in Wales should have their microchips scanned, a charity has said.
The digital revolution is changing the way we think about technology.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is close to signing a new contract with the Premier League champions.
One of the UK's largest retailers, Brantano, has gone into administration.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in County Londonderry has retired to consider its verdict.
Borussia Dortmund were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final in Berlin.
A council has been told it cannot publish a report into the death of a teenager who took her own life.
Google has released the first draft of its next generation of its Android operating system.
The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra has failed to find a new chief conductor, its board has said.
St Peter's of Londonderry will face St Mary's of St Patrick's Day in the MacRory Cup final after a 2-17 to 1-11 semi-final win on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed Paul Waddock as their new manager.
The big six energy suppliers have announced that they will introduce a cap on the amount they can charge customers.
The 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro will be one of the biggest sporting events in the world.
A man has been placed in an induced coma after being stabbed in the groin.
Argentine voters have voted in a run-off election to choose a new president, with the winner likely to face a rival in a second round.
UKIP will make "major breakthroughs" in Wales, the party's leader Nigel Farage has said.
Plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal have been criticised by a heritage group.
League Two side Woking have signed Charlton Athletic striker Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol have been backed by the city council.
Police in the Colombian capital, Bogota, are searching for a gang leader who has been hiding in a number of hide-outs.
A hole in the ground at one of Scotland's most picturesque golf courses has been repaired.
Tesco has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profits as it continues to recover from its accounting scandal.
League Two side York City have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Ryan Oliver on a season-long loan deal.
A Polish journalist has been ordered to leave Russia within 30 days because of a row over his cat.
The United Nations has accused Venezuela's security forces of using "excessive force" against anti-government protesters.
New pictures of the world's most advanced Earth observation satellites have been released by a Surrey company.
A veteran who was shot in the shoulder during World War Two has been awarded France's highest military honour.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed former MK Dons striker Ben Davies on a season-long loan.
A top-down reorganisation of Welsh local government is not an option, the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
Exeter fly-half George North has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to a dangerous tackle.
Iran has banned the use of encrypted messaging app Telegram.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie has signed a new deal with JP Morgan to race in the America's Cup.
Using images to sign on to a device could be more security-conscious than using text-based passwords.
A man has died after being attacked outside a pub in Grimsby.
China has condemned Japan's controversial new defence laws, saying they violate the country's pacifist constitution.
Rafael Benitez's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in a goalless draw as Marcos Ramires' header gave Southampton victory at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's two one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan in June.
A new species of dinosaur has been discovered in a museum collection in Dorset.
Katie Archibald won gold in the women's individual pursuit at the European Track Cycling Championships in Amsterdam.
More than four million fans attended Scottish League One matches last season, according to new figures.
Plans to transform Alexandra Palace theatre into a cultural centre have been approved by the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF).
A sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in the Vale of Glamorgan in South Africa.
A "significant proportion" of applications to register to vote in the general election were duplicates, a watchdog has said.
Manchester Flyers clinched the Women's British Basketball League Play-offs with a thumping victory over Surrey United.
Josh Matavesi's late penalty earned Ospreys a draw with Racing 92 in the European Champions Cup.
More than 11,000 Christmas cards have been sent to a terminally ill six-year-old boy in the United States.
Fifa has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December.
(Close): Shares in Barclays fell after the bank filed a lawsuit against the US government.
A Dundee woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock for the first time.
Chelsea have appointed Ventura as their new manager, replacing Antonio Conte.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she will never let her son go.
Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient midfielder Nicolas Atangana on a two-year deal.
Middlesex batsman Tom Compton says he is not far off cementing his place in the England side for the first Test against Sri Lanka.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in Australia charged with the murder of a Melbourne University student.
Imagine waking up to find your best friend waiting for you.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup.
Pop star Beyonce has been named the most searched celebrity of 2014 by Google users.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Cattle says his side's second-half performance was "disjointed" as they ran in seven tries in their European Champions Cup win over Mennaye.
A woman who has been unable to walk for five years is set to marry her partner.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a "re-evaluation" of all contacts with the United Nations after the UN voted to condemn Israeli settlements.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the constitution by disqualifying former President Antoni Paksas from running for election in 2012.
Arsenal returned to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Watford.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of Wales on Monday.
One in five women in the UK has suffered a miscarriage before their first scan, according to research.
Cerberus, the investment fund behind the sale of the Nama loan portfolio to the Republic of Ireland, has said it was "as good as their word" in getting access to the Northern Ireland Executive.
Ayr United extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Championship to seven points with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Scotland's former first minister Jack McConnell has admitted falling down a drain during a visit to Malawi in 2005.
The death of an inmate at Elmley Prison is being investigated by the Independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman.
A man who fooled prison staff into thinking he was a court clerk has been jailed for three years.
Two senior police officers have been paid more than £51,000 in pension payments, the auditor general has said.
A driver caught doing 51mph in a 30mph zone on a motorway has been banned from driving for six months.
The UK will not be able to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit, according to official figures.
Former EastEnders star Helen Mirren has died.
Virtual reality (VR) is a form of virtual reality that can be used to explore the world around you.
University students in Wales are more satisfied with their university experience than ever before, according to a survey.
More than 1,000 people are expected to attend Cologne's annual carnival this weekend, after a series of sexual assaults on women.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly are to be given a two-year leave of absence from their jobs.
A black woman has said she was refused entry to a Nottingham nightclub because of her skin colour.
Young people in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find stability, according to a new study.
Three "musketeers" who tackled a burglar and arrested him have been given bravery awards by police.
EU nationals living in London should be eligible for a visa to stay in the UK after Brexit, according to a report by the London Chamber of Commerce.
Derby County captain Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pay.
Translink has lifted the suspension of a new £12.2m train on the Belfast to Dublin route.
Indonesia's Islamic clerics have issued a fatwa urging the government to ban child marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the country's national team to boycott the 2018 World Series.
Boris Johnson has said there is "no reason" why the UK would pay for access to the EU's single market.
The Rock am Ring music festival in southern Germany has been cancelled, organisers say.
India's parliament has passed a controversial law to toughen the punishment for juvenile offenders who commit serious crimes, including murders and rapes.
Three men have appeared in court charged with the murder of 16-year-old Becky Watts in February.
The mother of a teenager who was refused a seat at Gatwick Airport has called for an overhaul of the airline's overbooking system.
A woman who campaigned for the introduction of the polio vaccine 50 years ago has died.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
A former coal spoil tip in Gedling National Park has been given the go-ahead for a new cycle path.
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to stop loyalist flag protests in 2012.
Labour and the Conservatives have clashed over their spending plans in the Autumn Statement.
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
Pupils who breach their probation conditions should be referred to a probation-approved premises following re-release, a report has said.
Somerset's County Championship match against Lancashire has been abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than half of England's secondary schools are under-performing, according to the latest GCSE results.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes is taking legal action against the council.
The US Department of Defence has said it will recall nearly all of its civilian staff as part of a partial government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be sold off for meat in a bid to save the breed from extinction.
Latam airlines have suspended all flights to Venezuela, citing the country's currency controls.
Five men have been charged with causing the deaths of four people in a crash in Wakefield.
Spanish police have arrested a member of the Pink Panther jewellery gang suspected of carrying out a major armed robbery in Barcelona last year.
Rochdale ended a run of three straight defeats with a 3-2 victory over League One leaders Scunthorpe.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on whether to renegotiate a contract to carry out repairs to the area's drainage system.
Radhika Menon is the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy.
England's final-day defeat by India in Chennai was one of the most devastating defeats in the history of the game.
Do you think it's better to help bullies or punish them?
Surrey captain Mark Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Cameroon reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Germany.
The Royal Navy is to get a "bigger" presence in Portsmouth as part of a £1bn defence investment, the defence secretary has said.
Siemens Mobility has been awarded a contract to manufacture trains for the high-speed HS2 rail line in the UK.
The sale of more than £15m of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to start next week, the BBC understands.
Labour MP Harriet Harman has said that if the UK voted to leave the European Union, women's rights would be in jeopardy.
A woman has admitted setting her pet dog on a woman in Aberdeen.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after two teenagers were killed in a crash in Monmouthshire.
England have named five uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The woolly mammoth may have been the last refuge of modern species on the brink of extinction.
Actor John Johnson, best known for his roles in Deadlier Than the Male and Some Girls Do, has died at the age of 91.
A woman has been raped in Glasgow city centre.
The names of soldiers who trained in Wiltshire during World War One have been found in tunnels.
A mosaic of bulbs has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a major Allied bombing campaign in World War Two.
Restaurants in a Kent town are to be banned from opening near primary schools due to concerns about obesity.
Lego has ended its promotional partnership with the Daily Mail, following a campaign by anti-immigration campaigners Stop Funding Hate.
A drug that reverses the effects of HIV has been developed by scientists at the University of California Davis.
A man accused of trying to smuggle ricin into the UK was motivated by watching the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto, saying it wants to create a "well, well-educated and wealthier Wales".
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says he is in talks with four or five international players to join the club next season.
Greece captain Andreas Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup.
Jack Baird's last-minute strike gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A'mad scientist' has pulled off one of the most amazing stunts in the world.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a rally in support of a campaign to save the Dalzell and Clydebridge steel plants.
Vloggers who feature in their videos should be told they are being sponsored, says the UK's advertising watchdog.
The family of a 12-year-old boy who was removed from mainstream schooling because of a lack of place for him at a special school have been told that an extra classroom assistant has been employed.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at restoring democracy in the country.
Australia is in the midst of a political crisis.
An investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has uncovered evidence of "systemic, serious sexual and physical abuse", it has emerged.
Police are investigating the death of a man at a hotel in Edinburgh.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and scrum-half Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the tour with injuries.
Championship side Lech Poznan have signed Reading defender Tomas Rakels on loan until the end of the season.
Lana Del Rey doesn't look like a typical pop star.
Violence between police and black communities continues to escalate in the United States.
More needs to be done to stop children being taught in so-called "unregistered schools", Ofsted says.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way in England on Saturday, with Chelsea Ladies and Manchester City Women both in contention for the title.
Slovenian Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play for Great Britain at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the season.
A County Londonderry woman has been awarded £10,000 for injury to feelings and loss of earnings after being sacked from a disability charity.
It's been a strange week in the European Union.
Former Ulster Grand Prix champion Guy Martin has been named in the final entry list for the 2016 event at Dundrod.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" during his time in charge of the club, according to the club's chief executive Martin Raynor.
In the early hours of the morning, Victoria Black was running errands in London's Hyde Park.
WBA world featherweight champion Charles Dickens has signed a new contract with WBA world champion Yannick Rigondeaux.
A certificate of Irish heritage will not be available for sale after 24 August, the Department of Foreign Affairs has said.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire.
Tony Parker retained his WBO light-heavyweight title with a unanimous points win over Razvan Cojanu.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of dramatic changes to his foreign policy during his first day in office.
Jockey Michael McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second time in three years on Saturday.
Scarlets' Liam Williams has been removed from a promotional photo for the Rugby World Cup after being accused of racism.
Vietnamese man Phuc Phuc has said he is "very grateful" to the support of Facebook users who helped him change his name.
Tesco has agreed to buy a 49% stake in the Giraffe restaurant chain.
A taxi driver who took hundreds of pictures of people in his cab has said he was "really pleased" with the result.
At least 12 migrants have drowned after their boats sank in the Aegean Sea, Turkish officials say.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal described his side's second-half performance as "Murphy".
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", according to a trade body.
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud at a charity in Cardiff.
Michael Eisner has made an offer of £5.67m for Portsmouth to become the club's new manager.
The deaths of two migrants at a Greek migrant camp are "unacceptable", aid groups have said.
The complete skeleton of a Stegosaur dinosaur has been acquired by scientists for the first time.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to cover up emissions cheating in diesel cars.
Infections with viruses, bacteria and parasites are the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat posed by foreign fighters travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake says he'd like to eat pizza again when he returns to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 has announced a new set of presenters for its 50th birthday.
Eight whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
The Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen has carried out a series of air strikes over the past three weeks.
When I first started working on BBC Radio 4's Valentine's Day programme, it was always going to be about love.
The maker of Irn Bru has said it will cut the sugar content of its soft drinks by more than half by the end of this year.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep one of its board members on the board of the US news website Gawker, amid a long-running dispute over his role.
The London Museum of Natural History is trying to reconstruct its famous robot Eric.
In the streets of El Salvador's capital, El Salvador, a large billboard has been erected to warn the public that gangs like the Zetas are moving into the country.
Great Britain's winter sports are to receive more funding than their summer counterparts, UK Sport has announced.
Manchester Storm moved to within a point of the Elite League play-off places with a 2-1 win over Belfast Storm.
Charges should be brought against the driver of a motor vehicle after a cyclist is killed, a former MP has said.
A woman arrested on suspicion of preventing the burial of a child murdered by Richard Brady will not be charged, prosecutors have said.
Portsmouth were held to a draw by 10-man Carlisle at Fratton Park.
New measurements of the shape of the electron suggest it is more or less round than previously thought.
It "ill serves the parliamentary process" if statements made in Parliament in breach of court orders are repeated in the press, the justice secretary has said.
A man who fell from a roof and fractured his skull has lost a £1.5m compensation claim against the county council.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish suffered a crash.
A parking company is facing disciplinary action after a woman was issued with a parking charge notice while still in bed.
Plans for £1.13bn improvements to a major road in Glasgow have been unveiled.
A new song has been released in South Africa in a bid to unite the country in the wake of the deadly attacks on foreigners.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a turbulent week for the Welsh government.
The BBC Trust has defended its decision to publish a column by naturalist David Packham criticising grouse shooting.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 4-3 to win the best-of-seven World Series.
Former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell has raised more than £100,000 for a new treatment for terminal lung cancer.
Substitute Leonardo Ulloa scored the only goal of the game as Leicester held on to draw with West Ham at the King Power Stadium.
China is the world's second-largest economy, and one of the fastest-growing economies in the world.
A street party to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday is to be held in her honour, organisers have announced.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
A robot that takes a tumble has been developed by a US university.
The idea of a national identity card scheme for foreign nationals has been in the headlines for decades.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has revealed he has spoken to the club's captain about his future.
The US and Swiss authorities have launched an investigation into alleged corruption at world football's governing body Fifa, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland will leave the role at the end of the season to take up the role of New Zealand head coach, says former Lions fly-half Michael Thomas.
Former FBI director James Comey has been described as a "leaker" by President Donald Trump.
Liberal Democrat candidate George Galloway has been accused of making false statements about his party's exit poll before the general election.
A road which was closed for more than two years after a landslide has been reopened by Dumfries and Galloway Council.
A video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Las Vegas.
A man who used social media to raise money for a cancer charity has been jailed for eight months.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed as the country's ambassador to the United States.
The Department for the Economy has submitted a plan to reduce the tariffs paid to people who got into the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 say they have closed off a number of theories about his death.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell is three shots off the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic, which starts on Sunday.
Locks on a bridge that symbolises love are being removed because they are starting to rust.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "give everything I've got" to challenge Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg for the world title.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a car in Oxford.
A dog has died after getting into difficulty under a bridge in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria are investigating reports that clowns have been parading in public in a "copycat" of incidents in the US.
Durham Jets' hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast were dashed by a rain-affected game against Leicestershire.
South Africa took five wickets in the final over of the second Test against India to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The number of energy customers switching to a different tariff has reached a record high, according to new data.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys in terms of physical activity, a study suggests.
A drug used to treat osteoporosis has been linked to cracks in the bones of elderly patients, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Dundee United striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester have been left without power after heavy rain caused flooding.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced that it will stop paying for bus journeys with cash from the end of the month.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside next season.
Glasgow-based department store chain Aberdeenshire has announced plans to create 16 new jobs over the next three years.
If you're planning to do something you've never done before, you need a fitness tracker.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has apologised for the way the force handled the Hillsborough disaster 23 years ago.
The M4 hard shoulder has reopened after being closed for more than two days following a crash.
An autonomous underwater vehicle has failed to find any wreckage in the search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
Annan Athletic moved up to second place in the Scottish League Two table with a 3-1 win at home to Forfar Athletic.
People in Scotland have been saying that Scotland should get independence from the rest of the UK.
A former head of strings at Manchester's Royal Northern College of Music raped a student, a court has heard.
China has reported a surge in its crude oil imports in the first three months of the year.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied claims he "pulled the wool over our eyes" over a £39m deal to buy timber from the timber industry.
Councils in England face a £200bn shortfall over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
It has been a week of intense debate in Japan about what is acceptable and bad parenting.
It was a rollercoaster week for me.
Mo Farah is one of the most successful young athletes in the world.
The new leader of UKIP, Raheem Kassam, has said he wants to sack the party's former boss, Nigel Farage.
Deputy First Minister Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland will not solve the problem of dissident republicans using border posts to justify their campaign of violence.
A plaque dedicated to a Merseyside man who fought in the Spanish Civil War has been unveiled in Liverpool.
A woman has been shot dead by a group of men on pedal cycles.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the most famous bridges in the world.
A leading separatist leader in Pakistan's Balochistan province has said the Pakistani military has already suffered a moral defeat.
David Cameron's team have decided to relent on their plan to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has announced he will not be allowed to use social media while serving a prison sentence.
Boys in Wales should be vaccinated against the most common form of cancer, campaigners have said.
A company that found a replacement for a sippy cup for a boy who has been unable to drink has been contacted by his father.
Tom Cairney scored a late winner as Fulham came from behind to beat Brentford.
French Socialist Francois Ayrault has been named foreign minister by President Francois Hollande.
A man has been found "sleepwalking" outside his Manchester hotel, police have said.
The 2017 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang are getting under way in South Korea.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Olufemi Akinfenwa has been suspended for two matches after he was sent off during a game against Le Havre.
Philadelphia Congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty of a series of fraud and money laundering related to his son's student debt.
UK Sport has set a target of winning seven medals at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish budget will be "saved" by the UK government's new fiscal framework.
Dayle Southwell scored twice as Wycombe beat Stevenage to record their first win of the season.
A teenager who stabbed a 16-year-old boy to death at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Great Britain's men and women have qualified for the final of their respective boat classes at the European Rowing Championships in Bucharest.
Venus Williams is being investigated by police in Florida over the death of a man who was hit by her car.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Solange Kaur considers the potential of chess boxing in India.
A fund set up to save one of the world's most famous radio telescopes has raised more than $200,000 (£100,000) in its first week of operation.
Two Scottish Conservative MSPs have said they are in favour of the UK remaining in the EU.
A man has been fined after climbing on to the roof of a church in Edinburgh.
Labour's National Executive Committee has rejected a proposal to reinstate leadership elections to the shadow cabinet.
Violence against women simply because they are a woman is to be recorded as a hate crime.
The prospect of a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland has been raised in the BBC Spotlight programme.
An Iranian couple who had agreed to go to Cambodia to resettle asylum seekers have left the country.
A cafe where the body of murdered schoolgirl April Jones was found has been criticised for a "humorous" sign.
Hannah Choudary has been jailed for 20 years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A three-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£18bn) in bonds to help the tech giant reduce its debt pile.
A Kent hospital trust has been placed into special measures after inspectors found staff shortages and a culture of bullying.
China has expressed "serious concern" about US President-elect Donald Trump's "One China" policy.
A baby hatches centre in southern China has been temporarily closed to new babies, its director has said.
An inquest into the deaths of two friends who drowned in the sea has been opened.
So what is the lock that would keep Labour in power until the general election?
The family of a Powys man missing in Peru are planning to fly him to Peru.
Peru's President Otto Humala has said he has begun to lay the groundwork for the "great transformation" of the country.
A man has been rescued after falling into the sea off the coast of Bangor.
A biker has said he was barred from a brewery's pub because it banned him from swearing.
Leeds Rhinos moved up to second in Super League with a comfortable victory over Warrington Wolves.
Stenhousemuir moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable 3-0 win away to Livi.
Work to demolish a shopping centre which has been closed for more than a decade has been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 54 jobs.
The head of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in England and Wales, David McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have published a joint report on their relationship.
A police force failed to act on concerns about an illegal breed of dog which killed a baby girl, a serious case review has found.
England women's manager Mark Sampson has named four new players in his squad for the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Norway and Sweden.
Voters in the UK are going to the polls to decide whether to stay or leave the European Union.
Morocco's interior minister has told the BBC that more than 70% of the population turned out to vote in the country's general election.
Kevin Pietersen hit his highest Twenty20 score of the season as the South African Dolphins beat the Wellington Knights in the Big Bash League.
A number of Northern Ireland politicians have threatened to take legal action over the UK's withdrawal from the European Union.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland has come to an end.
Plans to expand a water garden by diverting the River Epte have been unearthed by the Royal Academy of Art.
The owner of a firework factory destroyed in a "horrendous" explosion has said it will cost him Â£2,000 to rebuild.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the Shoreham air crash site have been found guilty of misconduct.
Goals from Demarai Gray and Ahmed Musa helped Leicester City beat Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup second round.
More needs to be done to improve the early warning system for sepsis, the Welsh government has said.
The estranged wife of comedian Robin Williams is seeking items from his estate in a dispute over money and property.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £14,000 in benefits and benefits has been jailed for three years.
British astronaut Luca Maestri has become the first person to walk on the International Space Station.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK's arms trade with Saudi Arabia is not unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle order suffered a second successive collapse as they were bowled out for just 70 by India A in the first Test in Mumbai.
Costa Cruises, the owner of the world's biggest cruise ship, has reported better-than-expected profits for the third quarter.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of recreational marijuana, officials say.
A woman who lost her friend in a fire at a chemical plant has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
People in Bristol, in the US, have been complaining about the smell of vinegar.
Private sector companies would be "foolish not to help" the public sector in Oxfordshire, according to a business leader.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a concert in Toronto, Canada.
Timothy Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig thrashed Mainz to go top of the Bundesliga.
The UK will have the world's fastest broadband network by 2016, Transport Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to do more to improve the provision of HIV testing in parts of the world, say researchers.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says playing in her first major championship match since 1998 will be the most special moment of her career.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Edinburgh secured a place in the European Champions Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought win over Leinster.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "very much in favour" of scrapping the benefit cap, saying it is responsible for "social cleansing" in his constituency.
Workers should not be subjected to "Stasi-style surveillance" at work, employers have warned.
One of the world's most famous cheetahs, Legolas the Lion, has been shot dead in Botswana.
Adult social care services for the over-65s will be cut by a further £500m this year, according to a survey.
Kilmarnock have agreed a deal to sign defender David McCulloch from Rangers.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is already working to a figure that is acceptable to the club's owners before the transfer window closes.
Widnes Vikings full-back Matt Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
League One side Latics have signed Bournemouth defender James MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
An inspection of a hospital in Dumfries and Galloway has found "26 areas for improvement", the health watchdog has said.
Southampton manager Eddie Friend has been ruled out of the remainder of the Premier League season after collapsing against Bournemouth's dugout.
Belize gained independence from Guatemala in 1973 after a long-running territorial dispute with Guatemala.
A woman has been cleared of sexual activity with a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for children with severe epilepsy is being tested in Edinburgh.
Senegalese troops have crossed into The Gambia amid a military operation to oust President Yahya Jammeh.
It is not the kind of school you would expect to see in Belfast.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has clarified that she did not order RTÉ to report details of a debt repayment to the former Anglo Irish Bank.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a two-year deal.
Oil and gas giant BG Group has reported a sharp fall in first-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with the price of oil.
The closure of a major road in Cumbria after Storm Desmond is a "worrying trend", a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory at Scunthorpe.
Emergency workers in Nepal are trying to reach the people most at risk from the devastating earthquake that struck the capital, Kathmandu.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "worried" about his whereabouts.
Jockey Helen Turner says she is proud of the work she has put in to become Britain's most successful female jockey.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains have been found along a stretch of the Rio Grande river in New Mexico, police say.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Londonderry on Saturday night.
"Ballet teaches dedication to sport and how to control your direction."
Transformers: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row.
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff line in Hampshire.
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south London has appealed for witnesses.
Thousands of fans and visitors have attended the 2015 Rugby World Cup in Newcastle.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a goalless draw in the Welsh derby at the Principality Stadium.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been found homes after being left in a cardboard box in a Denbighshire pet shop.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Mansfield.
A man who helped dispose of a man's body in a park has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Scottish Football Association's performance school coaching scheme is set to continue.
A Monet painting known as the Nympheas has sold for £31.7m at an auction in London.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell is not far away from a Ryder Cup recall.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has been accused of abusing its dominant position in the UK market by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).
Zanzibar's football association has submitted an application to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Audi will not compete in the Formula E series in 2018 after withdrawing from endurance racing.
A burst water main in Bournemouth has left homes without water.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to pledge to restore the money Scottish families will lose from the Tory tax rise.
Bristol City will be without left-back Miralem Pjanic for Friday's Championship game against Championship leaders Nottingham Forest.
Iraqi political parties have been vying for power since the 2003 US-led invasion.
The Met Office has issued a number of weather warnings for high winds across the UK.
A treasure trove of gold coins has been discovered off the coast of Israel in the Mediterranean Sea.
Former world number one Mark Lindahl has been fined A$1,000 (Â£1,200) by a tennis court in Australia for attempting to fix a match.
The recent rise in executive pay has caused a stir in the City, with the chief executive of British Railways, Sir Richard Beeching, being paid £24,000 a year.
It has been a decade since the introduction of GCSEs in the key skills of higher education.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found abandoned in Tallaght, County Londonderry.
A Singaporean couple's coffin-themed wedding photo shoot has gone viral on social media.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser as Huddersfield and Birmingham played out a goalless draw.
Actress Gemma Johnston is to star in the fifth series of Downton Abbey.
Oil prices have fallen below $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
Wolfsburg striker Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been fined by Uefa for revealing his underwear on social media.
A museum is searching for a key part of a German cipher machine used during World War Two that could have been used to decrypt top secret messages.
Wales and India are to work together to create a hybrid of the two cultures as part of the UK's Year of Culture 2017.
One of England's largest academy chains has been rated "inadequate" by the education watchdog.
Leicester City have signed France international Laurent Reveillere on a season-long loan.
Russia's top anti-corruption watchdog says it plans to make it harder to tackle money-laundering and illicit enrichment.
Nato and Russia have said they have "profound and persistent differences" over the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
The Scottish Prison Service is to install mobile phone signals at two prisons in Dumfries and Galloway, Justice Minister John MacAskill has announced.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the US state of Louisiana after severe flooding.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, saying it was "barbaric".
Plans for a new golf course in East Sutherland have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Google has announced plans to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London.
A "modern bungalow" has been discovered at a Stonehenge archaeological site in Wiltshire.
A chronology of key events and key events:
Crystal Palace are interested in signing Christian Benteke from Liverpool.
The family of a 90-year-old Scottish woman who moved to Australia to live with her family have said they have been told they could be deported.
More than 30 people have been rescued from flooding in County Tyrone and County Fermanagh.
A task force set up to tackle the closure of two Scottish steel plants is to meet in Edinburgh next month.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
A newborn baby has been found dead at a bus stop.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Professional Football League will create "as much tension" in the Championship as there was last season, according to the club's director of football Steve Doncaster.
Universities in Wales face a 40% cut in funding if the Welsh government does not cut tuition fee grants, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Roberto Luzon says he is not concerned about his side's relegation from the Championship.
The Chinese government is "treating foreign companies the way they've treated their own for many years", according to former BBC journalist Ian McGregor.
Wales beat Northern Ireland in the first round of the EFL Cup at Wembley on Friday.
More than half of working families in England would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey.
The number of people using contactless payments has more than doubled in the past seven years, according to industry figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces are facing "the toughest fighting" of their campaign to retake the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), a military spokesman has said.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City Ladies as they drew at Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
UK inflation rose by 0.1% in January compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
Dylan Davies and Sarah Hermitage both won gold medals at the European Championships in Rome, while Katie Weir and Sarah Weir also claimed silver.
Plans to improve a section of the A9 in the Highlands have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" Yids Yiadom's future after the defender was left out of the side's squad on Tuesday.
Plans for a £600m Metro in south Wales have been described as a "coolish" campaign by an AM.
Sebastian O'Brien has been named in Ireland's 23-man squad for the Six Nations match against Italy on Saturday.
MPs have clashed over the BBC's lack of investment in the Midlands.
A distant object has been discovered in the Solar System.
If you want a bouquet of roses, don't do it.
England thrashed world champions New Zealand for the first time in their history on Saturday.
The Open Artificial Intelligence (AI) research project has raised $1bn (Â£1.3bn) in funding from a range of investors.
Scotland scored five first-half tries as they thrashed Georgia at Murrayfield.
Conor O'Shea will leave his role as Harlequins head coach at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting in the general election has almost doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
Sir Neville Chamberlain, the first conductor to lead at the Proms, has died at the age of 90.
It was a story of redemption, of redemption and of redemption.
A man has died after a two-car crash in Bangor, County Down.
The Irish government has banned the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland.
Burnley manager Mark Hughes says he is considering a move for Giannelli Imbula.
A man has died after his car hit a lorry in Kent.
A body has been found off the coast of Cornwall by a French yachtsman, police have said.
Sengo has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016.
Israel's ruling Likud party has won a third term in the Knesset.
The average daily commute to and from work has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Barra Airport is one of Scotland's oldest and most scenic airports.
Work has begun on a new road crossing in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing, in which 22 people were killed.
A deal has been reached to cut London taxpayers' contribution towards the Garden Bridge project.
A collection of sculptures inspired by the work of Dame Zaha Hadid has gone on display at Chatsworth Gardens.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" in the capital, London.
It has been a year of high profile events for the arts in Northern Ireland.
The director of Tate Modern, Nicholas Serota, has announced that he is stepping down at the end of the year.
The transfer window has closed in England and the Scottish Premiership.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition opposing plans to introduce parking charges at Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has said he is optimistic that a deal will be reached on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
Sister Nirmala, the former head of the Missionaries of Charity in the West Bengal state of West Bengal, has died at the age of 85.
Sunderland goalkeeper Hannah Laws has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has "never called for a veto" on a future Brexit deal.
The Co-operative Bank has said it is in talks with a group of existing investors on a recapitalisation plan.
As we walked through the streets of Afghanistan's capital, Kabul, we came across a German-made bulldozer.
A railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after being closed due to flooding.
A dog born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
A letter written by John Lennon in 1951 is to be auctioned in April.
It's a familiar refrain from Conservative backbenchers.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta charter has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 500th anniversary of its sealing.
Former Scotland captain Darren Wilson has backed Darren Fletcher to be the national team captain for Wednesday's friendly against England.
A rescue boat has been taken to the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the search for survivors of the Syrian conflict.
Police in the US city of Ferguson have fired tear gas at protesters who were protesting against a curfew imposed after the killing of a black teenager.
Brazil is one of the world's most heavily-forested countries.
Former Wales head coach Alan Solomons says the new Pro12 competition will be "brutal" for both sides.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced the nationalisation of a power company.
Yum Brands, the parent company of KFC, has reported better-than-expected sales in China.
Residents of a Woking estate are to be asked to give their views on the council's Sheerwater regeneration scheme.
Workers have been evacuated from a nuclear power station in Aberdeenshire after a vessel caught fire.
Black voters in Ferguson, Missouri, have voted to elect a new mayor and police and crime commissioner.
Trade union leaders have called for strikes in opposition to government cuts to public services.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins has won the Road World Championships for the second time in three years.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the rapid pace of growth in Asia.
Two men have been charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney.
An MP has said he has "serious questions to be answered" over a council's decision to loan a football club £10.25m.
Millennials are likely to find it harder to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age, according to a new report.
A new collection of photographs of Star Wars characters has been created using the Firth of Forth.
Indian Wells tournament chief executive Ray Moore has resigned after calling for more prize money for men and women.
Richard Cockerill has left his role as Leicester Tigers head coach by mutual consent.
Former New York insurance chief Hank Greenberg is to stand trial on fraud charges, a US appeals court has ruled.
Travis Trescothick's double century helped Nottinghamshire take control against Somerset at Trent Bridge.
A Newport-based turkey processing company has been fined £271,000 for food hygiene offences, including defrosting outside in dirty water.
A police officer has been recognised for his bravery after rescuing a man who fell from a fire escape.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will find a way to fix emissions devices in its diesel cars.
Ollie Norburn's late winner earned Macclesfield a 3-2 win at Chester.
Sri Lanka's cricket authorities have launched an investigation after two players turned down an offer to play in the World Twenty20.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for the second time in three months.
Premier League football matches will be shown live on Sky Sports for the first time this season.
The two main opposition parties in the Republic of Ireland are in talks to form a minority government.
Blackburn Rovers have extended the loan spell of striker James Mackie until the end of the season.
A baby albino deer has been born in Australia.
A family of 12 from Luton have gone missing from a holiday in Syria, police have said.
Plans for a gondola system linking Cardiff Bay and the city centre have been unveiled by the Cardiff City Council (CBC).
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it should pay compensation to a loyalist.
US President Donald Trump has said his predecessor Barack Obama "choked" when it came to Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 election.
A football club has been criticised after a "horrible scraping noise" was heard coming from its ground.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish capital, Istanbul, killing at least one person and injuring several others, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who sued a council leader for defamation has had her legal case against him dropped.
An Emirates passenger has been arrested in Hong Kong after stealing watches worth more than $1m (£1.5m) from a watch merchant.
The leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party has said his mandate will be to reform the European Union.
A man who was deported from the UK because his parents were married will not be deported if his parents had married, the UK's top court has ruled.
A senior financial services executive has been fined £450,000 by the City watchdog for failing to pay the full fare on a London-bound train.
Five former foreign secretaries have called on David Cameron to tackle corruption in Russia during his visit to Moscow.
Jake Cassidy's first-half goal earned Hartlepool a 1-1 draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not redesign its nuclear reactor at Arak, the country's nuclear minister has said.
The story of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to die fighting Germany in World War One, is being told 70 years after his death.
David Haye says he will "pay and take whatever punishment I need to" after being warned by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) over his comments about Tony Bellew.
The battle to save the UK's biggest retailer, BHS, from liquidation has been going on for more than a year.
South African industrial action is taking place in a dispute over pay and conditions.
A British man who was shot dead by a gunman on a train in France has been awarded France's highest military honour.
A Borders road is to be closed for a year as part of a flood protection scheme.
A deal to create a Combined Authority for the Isle of Wight has been rejected by the government, the BBC has learned.
Leicester City have signed Middlesbrough striker Vincent de Roon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The coffin of Prime Minister David Cameron has been restored to its former stately home in Shropshire.
The head of the NHS in London has said he is "disappointed" by the number of patients who have been affected by the stress of the festive period.
Ikea has recalled a beach chair after reports that it had to be re-assembled incorrectly.
India's banks are using indelible ink to stop people from exchanging big bank notes.
Former American football star Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of concussion.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into their flat in Fairlie, Strathclyde.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25.
Nigeria Aluko scored a late winner as Hull City came from behind to beat Nottingham Forest and go top of the Championship.
Scientists have made a breakthrough in the search for a cure for type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew was sent off in the first half of the 2-2 draw with Watford as the Premier League leaders were held to a draw.
Lyle Stevenson says he would love to stay at Hibernian beyond the end of the season.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Laura Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A Pakistani court has denied bail to an Afghan woman who was dubbed the "Afghan girl" on the cover of the magazine Cover of the Year.
The invention of medical equipment is one of the great inventions of the 20th Century.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been unveiled by Oxfordshire County Council.
Newcastle United have signed Dutch full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord for an undisclosed fee.
Police are searching for a 13-year-old girl and her brother who have been missing for more than a week.
A 15-year-old girl who went missing in Cleveland has been found safe and well, police have said.
The vicar of St Mary with All Souls in London has said the Church of England is "institutionalally homophobic" and promotes policies which discriminate against LGBTI people.
Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty ahead of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Sunday.
Aberdeen have signed right-back Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan from Premier League rivals Chelsea.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 4-2 in the first of a two-game Elite League play-off series.
On the shores of Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, there is a palpable sense of optimism about the city's future.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare has been made a saint by Pope Francis.
An exhibition of cut-outs by Henri Matisse has been described as "a masterpiece" by critics.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United official has told a disciplinary tribunal she was suspended because of her relationship with the club's head coach.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who told him to "lighten up" during a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager after six games in charge.
The closure of Ceredigion Council's sole remaining residential home is "inappropriate and inadequate", a union has said.
The US space agency's Juno probe has taken its first pictures of Jupiter.
"There is no such thing as a clear cut."
A biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire-based engineering firm has published details of how its £2.3m investment in the Zano prototype failed.
Malaysian police say they have foiled an attack on a restaurant by the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Bulgaria and New York are in the race to be the next United Nations secretary-general.
Italian police say they have arrested more than 100 people in an anti-terrorism operation.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) serviceman has said he was "surprised" when his medals were stolen from his car.
Irish author Nora Webster and South African author Jim Crace are among the 21 authors nominated for a prestigious international prize for fiction.
A Leicestershire museum has been saved from closure.
Ousmane Walcott's late equaliser gave Manchester United victory over Arsenal at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed inexperience in sub-continent conditions as they lost the second Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
It's 30 years since the Zeebrugge ferry disaster off the coast of Belgium.
Volunteers are helping to save the lives of hundreds of juvenile bats in Northern Ireland.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a London Underground train.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
Three pupils at Londonderry school have been suspended after a small amount of cannabis was found on their property.
Queens Park Rangers made it two wins from two in the Championship with a comfortable victory over Leeds United.
Five police officers have appeared in court accused of misconduct in relation to the use of a helicopter.
Microsoft has unveiled a video game-playing app that allows users to play games on their tablets and smartphones.
The Scottish Premier League season gets under way on Sunday.
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport have been suspended after a drone was spotted circling over the south coast.
A prominent Bahraini human rights activist, Abdulhadi al-Rajab, has been freed after serving more than 600 days in prison.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to nine points with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
A consortium of clinical commissioning groups has emerged as the frontrunner for a £1.2bn outsourcing deal for Staffordshire cancer care, the BBC understands.
A memorial to Jersey's soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in France.
Exeter Chiefs kept their slim Premiership play-off hopes alive with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered a full and independent review of allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales.
Congo reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with victory over Burkina Faso.
A writer-activist has been arrested in India for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two US planes have collided in Detroit, killing one person and injuring another.
The number of people seeking work in Scotland rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to official figures.
A woman who created a snow effect for Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been offered a full-time job.
The number of mental health patients discharged from hospital in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
A schoolgirl with a rare form of dwarfism has been given the go-ahead to start treatment on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's under-20s game against MK Dons on Saturday has been postponed because of illness.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 87, her family has announced.
A gas installation company has been fined £1,000 after faults were found in homes in Poole and Reading following a gas leak.
If you go to the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, it's going to be hard to miss it.
Ulster-Scots was the language of Northern Ireland in the early 19th Century.
A 72-year-old California woman who went missing last month has been found safe and well, police say.
The New York City Council has approved a bill that would force topless strip club performers to work in some of the city's busiest areas.
A man who was evicted from a mental health hospital after refusing to leave has said he wants to stay.
Some private clinics in the UK are not telling women enough about the risks of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Glentoran striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
More people are being encouraged to take up walking and cycling in Wales, a government plan has said.
There are a number of groups in the Republican Party that want to elect Barack Obama as president.
More than 100 people have taken part in the Snowdon Race, the world's biggest mountain bike race.
MP Sir Kevin Brady has said he has not breached House of Commons rules over his use of parliamentary facilities for personal or business use.
Shares in China's Weibo, the country's biggest social media platform, have risen more than 20% after it raised a record amount in its initial public offering.
The Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball team are back in action!
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow.
North Korea has threatened to launch a missile strike on the US territory of Guam.
A British diver has said he is "absolutely elated" that charges against him over the deaths of two friends in a diving accident in Malta have been dropped.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Protesters in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have taken to the streets to protest against new anti-government laws.
Rory McIlroy insists Europe are not a one man team.
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Amazon has been accused of using its European headquarters in Luxembourg to avoid paying tax in the UK.
Thousands of Afghans are still trying to recover the bodies of their loved ones after their boat capsized off the coast of Turkey.
It was supposed to be one of the greatest comeback stories of all time.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election to the House of Commons in May.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust is due to meet the club's new owners later this week.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a 20-year-old woman by careless driving in Carmarthenshire.
Wales manager Roy Hodgson says he has no doubts about his side's patriotism despite Gareth Bale's criticism of his side.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said Labour leader Ed Miliband is going to make a speech on the Unite union dispute later.
Theresa May has said Brexit talks are going to be "tough" and described Jean-Claude Juncker as a "bloody difficult woman".
Former Livingston and Livingston midfielder Scott Martin has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent.
The chief executive of the Circuit of Wales has said he is "surprised and concerned" about some of the claims about the size of the project.
More than 200 jobs could be lost at Southampton City Council.
Ballymena United moved up to second in the Scottish League Two table thanks to a win over Elgin City.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-21 international defender Jordan James on loan until the end of the season.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hull defender Callum Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The family of a teenager found dead in a canal have said they are "shocked" her death was not monitored.
At least 20 civilians have been killed in a Taliban attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, the Australian TV presenter who has been convicted of child sex abuse, has gone from hero to villain.
The prime minister is to meet the boss of French carmaker PSA Group to discuss the company's plans to buy Vauxhall.
Salmon harvesting in the Hebrides has been hit by "exceptional mortalities" in the first three months of the year.
An MP has called for an investigation into the use of a private finance initiative (PFI) in Northern Ireland.
Scientists say they have found a new insect repellent that can repel mosquitoes in three minutes.
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend at a cinema in Cardiff.
When you think of litter, you might think of Apple Corps.
Thousands of homes in Devon have been told to boil their tap water after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Tom Chatfield looks at the rise of artificial intelligence.
England beat Pakistan by nine wickets in the second Test in Southampton to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland is based in a house in Londonderry.
David Cameron has said a UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is "still very much a work in progress".
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron's time at Oxford University, has been admitted to hospital in Turkey after suffering septic shock.
Afghan forces have made a tactical retreat from the strategic city of Sangin in Helmand province.
A prison has asked residents to come to an evening to talk about how to deal with contraband being thrown over the wall.
The first women priests are to be ordained in Wales, the Church in Wales has announced.
Councillors in the Borders are being asked to approve the cost of a £1.5m flood defence scheme.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the SDLP has offered the position of justice minister to the Alliance Party.
The search for the missing crew of a helicopter that crashed off the coast of County Galway has resumed.
Thousands of people have taken part in the world's largest outdoor music festival.
Britain's all-amputee team have become the first team to row across the Atlantic Ocean.
Scotland has become the first country in the world to deploy a fully operational tidal energy array, according to a company.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on a free transfer.
Two German men have claimed to have found a Nazi military train buried in the ground in Poland.
Bradford City have offered new deals to six players, including midfielder Mark Darby.
Kate Balshaw, the new director of the Tate in London, says she is "very optimistic" about the future of the institution.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has said it is investigating a hacking attack on a personal email belonging to former director John Brennan.
The robots are taking part in the RoboCup, the world's biggest artificial intelligence competition.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Former Major League Soccer star Abby Wambach has been charged with drink-driving and driving under the influence of drugs.
Spain's Alberto Contador won stage one of the Criterium du Dauphine, beating Britain's Chris Froome.
Teachers in the UK are spending more time in the classroom than their counterparts in other European countries, according to a report by the OECD.
The UK government has failed to respond positively to a demand for an independent inquiry into the killings of 24 Malayan villagers by British soldiers, a court has ruled.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Anders Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have cancelled a show in Glasgow in the run-up to the Glastonbury festival because of safety concerns.
Some schools in England are failing to meet the requirements of the school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator for England's schools.
Tottenham extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points with victory over Swansea.
Celtic midfielder Scott Brown says the club have let themselves down by not producing the results they should have.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid midfielder Jese on a two-year deal.
If you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, you probably don't get much attention.
Russia has carried out its first military exercises in southern Russia since the conflict in Ukraine broke out in March.
A paramedic who posted "offensive and derogatory" comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off.
Israel has intercepted a boat carrying Palestinian activists in the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Leaders of Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning on the eve of the general election.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer will be able to claim compensation from the insurance industry for the first time, the government has announced.
Blackburn's Championship survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by relegation-threatened Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have re-signed striker Chris Barnett on a one-year deal following his release by Shrewsbury Town.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to the country after more than a year in exile.
(Close): Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and Standard Chartered were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100.
A man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
The number of people in Wales who identify as Christians has fallen by 14 percentage points in the past five years, according to the 2011 census.
The French Resistance leader Raymond Aubrac has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
Police in Nigeria have arrested three men suspected of committing acts of homosexuality.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Leeds Rhinos and move back to the top of Super League.
Milton Keynes Dons are one of the most successful football clubs in the country.
Councils across Scotland are ready to take in Syrian refugees, according to the charity Cosla.
Striker Paul Shinnie scored a late winner as Aberdeen came from behind to beat Apollon Limassol and reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Police in Canada are investigating an incident in which a police helicopter accidentally turned on its loudspeaker.
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a friend to death in Nottingham.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Italian Open with a straight-set win over Italian Fabio Fognini.
A man has been arrested in Germany in connection with the attack on a Borussia Dortmund football team bus in April.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil for a black man who died after being tackled by police.
Gillingham have appointed Paul Pennock as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year contract.
Indian police have dropped sedition charges against 11 Muslim men arrested during the World Cup qualifier between India and Pakistan on Sunday.
Turkey's foreign minister has said he hopes to end the smuggling of Islamic State (IS) oil into the country.
The US Army Corps of Engineers has said it will not grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
An alpaca that was mauled by a dog in New Zealand has been given life-saving surgery.
The family of a prisoner who died after a bomb attack at a prison have said they are "devastated and beyond shock".
A man accused of murdering a man outside Tonik nightclub in Aberdeen was "highly drunk", a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "happy" Gareth Southgate has the chance to become England's new manager.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has lost his appeal against his red card in Saturday's 2-1 win over Celtic.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term hipster to describe firefighters tackling a blaze at a flat in east London on Saturday.
Two men have admitted attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has announced plans to build a new stadium in the Sudmeadow area of the city.
British far-right group Britain First is being investigated by police over a visit to a Cardiff mosque.
Iraqi archaeologists have produced 3D images of artefacts that were destroyed by the Iraqi army in 2014.
More needs to be done to tackle the rising number of people drinking alcohol in Wales, a report has said.
The remains of one of the world's most important shipwrecks are being unveiled in a new project.
As West Ham prepare to move to a new stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon, BBC News takes a look at what the future holds for the area around Upton Park.
Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa, Scotland Yard has said.
Palliative care in England could save the NHS £30m a year, according to a report commissioned by Marie Curie.
England suffered a final-day collapse as South Africa took control of the final Test of their five-match one-day series.
Scientists have made the most detailed observations yet of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has proposed tougher penalties for attacks on teachers, in a bid to improve the image of the institution.
American golfer Lee Allenby says he was robbed at knifepoint in a bar in Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "big test" when they face Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Saturday, says former Aberdeen captain John Miller.
One of Osama Bin Laden's close associates, Abu Jandal Bahri, has died, Yemeni officials say.
One of Chile's most active volcanoes, Calbuco, has erupted again, spewing ash and rock into the air.
The Republican Party in North Carolina has narrowly won the primary election to replace Kay Hagan as US senator.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college under a former boss, the BBC has learned.
The chief constable of North Wales Police has said it is "realistic" the force will have to save up to 40% of its budget.
The Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video of himself firing a machine gun at a pro-democracy activist in the European Parliament.
The Belfast Giants moved up to second in the Elite League table with a 4-2 win over Dundee Stars at the SSE Arena on Saturday night.
Russia's state-run Novaya Gazeta newspaper has called on Muslim clerics to "retribution" for reporting on human rights abuses in Chechnya.
Actor Harrison Ford has said he is "very happy" with the script for his next Star Wars film.
England fast bowler James Anderson took a career-best 300 Test wickets in the second Test against Pakistan.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 100 branches across the UK by the end of the year, with the loss of 9,000 jobs.
UK pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline has announced a $1.5bn (£1.6bn) deal to buy a US-based healthcare company.
A poster featuring the words "Independence calls for its bravest man" has been sold at auction for £300.
The first round of the FA Cup qualifying round takes place at Wembley on Saturday, and there are plenty of intriguing stories to follow.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Michael Shatter, has been embroiled in a number of controversies over the past few years.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Gaby Ohene has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
A gym has been criticised after it posted a poster with the message, "save yourself", on its website.
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in stopping secondary breast cancer spreading to the bone.
Chelsea referee Mark Clattenburg has been cleared of racially abusing midfielder John Obi Mikel.
Gary Neville scored twice as Valencia came from behind to beat Barcelona and reach the Copa del Rey final.
It's one of China's most famous fairy tales, and it's about to get a reboot.
Two previously unseen images of Walt Disney's Snow White have sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A man who posted a mugshot of himself on social media has said he will turn himself in after getting a lawyer and organising himself a lawyer.
Britain's Anthony Joshua is in talks with Wladimir Klitschko about a world heavyweight title fight, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a lorry while crossing a road in Luton, a court has heard.
Qatar's response to migrant labour abuses has been "less than promises of action", says Amnesty International.
Some of Scotland's canals have been captured using a camera set up by Google in the 21st Century.
Lenovo has been accused of installing hidden adware on its laptops and mobile phones.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire.
Police in the Italian city of Milan have arrested four youths suspected of carrying out a series of robberies in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
A Turkish fighter jet has crashed in northern Turkey, killing at least one person and injuring several others, officials say.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will take his challenge to the Supreme Court to the country's highest court.
Sophie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales cruised to a 3-0 win over Kazakhstan in their opening Women's Euro 2017 qualifier.
Playboy has announced that it is shutting down.
Matt Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Macklin in Belfast.
Jayalalitha was one of India's most popular and controversial politicians.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned the force's future is "far worse than we had expected".
More than 50 cases of critically endangered cockatoos being established as separate populations have been discovered in Hong Kong.
A former Libyan air force commander has said he is resigning from the government.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said that the presidential palace in Caracas will remain the home of late President Hugo Chavez.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square for a party.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the National League club.
Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
Stem cells from the biliary duct could be used to regenerate the liver of patients with severe liver failure, Edinburgh researchers say.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £2m a day if they fail to comply with service targets.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
The 60th anniversary of the Mauthausen concentration camp in Germany has been marked by a scandal.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £5m to traders affected by a ban on the export of live sheep.
Livi Rangers moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Stenhousemuir.
A 78-year-old man has been reunited with his old bandmates after playing for the first time in more than 30 years.
Modern humans interbred with Neanderthals millions of years earlier than previously thought, a study suggests.
Syrian opposition figures have held a rare meeting in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country.
Police in Madrid have used batons to disperse Leicester City fans during disturbances in the city centre on Tuesday night.
Early entry to GCSE and A-level schools in Wales is being used as a way of "gaming the system", the Welsh Government's education minister has said.
Two 15-year-old girls in Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a schoolgirl who was stabbed to death in the woods.
The first of the 21 schoolgirls freed from Boko Haram in Nigeria has been found in the north-eastern town of Chibok, officials say.
A man has died after falling ill at a house in Kent.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, with the loss of $6.3bn (Â£5bn) of its US nuclear business.
Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential and influential bands of the 1970s.
It's almost time for the final series of The Apprentice to be over.
Gary Tindale has revealed he was "100% nervous" about coming out in the house while filming the new series of Geordie Shore.
The West Midlands tram network is to return to the streets of Birmingham for the first time in more than 50 years.
Red Bull say they will take it "one race at a time" as Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel battle for the title at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
It's been a year since the earthquake and tsunami struck the Philippines.
Former Celtic and Chelsea midfielder Mohamed Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of driving while banned.
North Korea has denied medical treatment to a US student who has been in a coma for more than a year, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook made his first one-day international century of the season as England were held to a draw by St Kitts in the first Test.
Welshman Dan Evans retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points win over fellow Briton Chris Ormond in Cardiff.
Protesters have blocked the entrance to the Welsh language society's headquarters in Conwy county in a protest against the Welsh government's handling of the language.
Former England footballer David Thompson has called on HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to review the tax affairs of footballers.
Nottinghamshire wicketkeeper-batsman Tom Gurney says he is "optimistic" about his future at the club despite being relegated from Division Two.
The Conservative Party has announced it will not stand in the general election in Cornwall.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a house fire in Dorset.
A memorial service has been held for former rugby league player David Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package aimed at easing the country's labour market crisis.
Tributes have been paid to MP Jo Cox, who has been shot dead in Parliament.
More than £100m is to be given to the housing sector in Wales over the next three years, the government has announced.
Chelsea were held to a draw by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
Monty Python star Mike Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
Prince Charles wrote to Tony Blair urging him to consider a cull of badgers in England, according to newly-released documents.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the M4 in County Armagh.
Iceland's Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russia's Sergey Karjakin in the first chess match of its kind to be held in the United States.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership has said he has received support from all political parties.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being involved in a collision with a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
A group of otters have been taken to a zoo in London to be fed live food.
A deal to buy timber from Natural Resources Wales (NRW) was unlawful and did not involve the provision of state aid, the auditor general has said.
A £26.7m project to revamp Alexandra Palace's theatre has been approved by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at Pittodrie beyond the end of the season.
Donald Trump has said he would be in jail if he won the US presidential election if he were in charge of the law.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton is "100% sure" a free-kick was given at half-time as his side were held to a goalless draw by Norwich.
Shellfish harvesters in Argyll and Bute have been warned to avoid eating them after levels of harmful bacteria were found.
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his six-match ban for betting on football extended.
A nightclub owner who killed his father in a "momentary aberration born of a life experience" has been jailed for eight years.
Chinese social media users are praising a police dog handler who has set up a retirement home for his retired dogs.
The husband of a woman who died after being cared for at a hospital in Morecambe Bay has told a misconduct hearing there was "no evidence" she knew she was ill.
There has been a "dramatic increase" in the number of leatherback turtles reported off the coast of Wales, according to conservationists.
An American Airlines plane has caught fire at Miami International Airport in the US state of Florida, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered the finance minister to set up a contingency plan in the event of a national emergency.
More than 250 London Underground ticket office jobs are to be axed as part of a cost-cutting plan.
A man has been charged over an attack on a woman outside a supermarket.
German jockey Jens Jung has won the Badminton Horse Trials for the first time in his career, as Great Britain's Emily King finished third.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger."
A former Vatican secretary of state is to donate €200,000 (£195,000) to charity, according to the head of a hospital in Rome.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy are back.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Nigeria's presidential candidates, Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan, are vying to become the next leaders of the country.
Essex director of cricket Lee Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be a "holy grail" for his side.
The outcome of the EU referendum will be a watershed moment for both sides of the argument.
A corn snake which was found in a van in Bridgend county has been rescued by the RSPCA.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in defeat as Steven John-Lewis' second-half goal secured victory over Exeter City.
Robbie Simpson scored twice as Exeter cruised to a comfortable 4-0 win over Crewe.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
The Independent newspaper's website has been infected with malware designed to subvert adverts.
Colombia's Yuliya Ibarguen won gold in the women's high jump at the Rio Olympics.
A medieval weir dating back 1,000 years has been uncovered by archaeologists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the dramatic US air strike on a Syrian airbase.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a bomb was found at a house in south London.
A metal detectorist has said he is "delighted" to have found a treasure worth more than £100,000 in Norfolk.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
West Brom midfielder Hector Bellerin is a doubt for Saturday's FA Cup third-round tie at Arsenal.
England marked Eddie Jones' first match in charge with a comfortable victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has been inundated with offers from older people to help him find work.
A cancer sufferer has claimed that Highland Council has turned its back on him by refusing to acknowledge that he was exposed to asbestos.
The mayor of Liverpool has outlined plans to make £90m of savings over the next five years.
A group of Liverpool fans is to hold a vote on whether to reintroduce safe standing at Anfield.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court while she was on duty has been jailed for eight months.
Substitute Niall Rowe scored the only goal of the game as Doncaster won 1-0 at Colchester.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
The centrist candidate in France's presidential election, Emmanuel Macron, has said he will not stand for re-election this year.
Karen Gillan has been cast in the lead role in the new Jumanji film.
Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships.
A man who admitted downloading child pornography has been spared jail.
The basement of a castle in Powis is being transformed into a replica of a World War One battle trench.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who posed as James Brown on the run.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested in Belgium after allegedly pulling a machete from his bag and killing two policewomen.
UBS has been placed under official investigation in France over allegations of tax evasion.
More than half of families in London are paying out "poor or very poor value for money" from renting, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of children's social workers in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Retailer B&M has reported a drop in sales for the first three months of the year, as it continues to win market share.
UK pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced changes to the way it patents medicines.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has paid £5.3m to the parents of a six-year-old girl who suffered severe mental health problems.
It's that time of year again when the stars of quiz show Monks are taking to the stage for a new radio show.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of secondary schools in England, says Ofsted.
An independent review has said it is "very worried" about the handling of postal ballots.
Oscar-nominated actor Darryl Phoenix has said he "never wants to be a part of it again".
A man has admitted killing another man in a street attack in Edinburgh which left him with a fractured skull.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side need to focus on the Premier League after conceding three goals in their latest defeat.
Great Britain won the men's 4x200m relay at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car at speeds of up to 57mph has been sacked.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a police compound in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after it paid out more than £560m to settle tax claims.
The world premiere of the new film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor, Barack Obama, is behind a planned increase in defence spending.
More than two-thirds of staff at Queen's University in Belfast have agreed senior leaders provide "effective leadership", according to a survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit money laundering after stealing a safe from a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners and staff in England and Wales are being put at risk by a "toxic" working environment, a report says.
Dan Biggar's decision to commit himself to Wales for the next four years is "fantastic news for Welsh rugby", says former Wales captain Scott Williams.
London is celebrating its 170th birthday this year, with a series of events taking place across the city.
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers says he wants to be a pop star.
A teenager who was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) has married his girlfriend.
An Australian politician has called for a four-day working week.
Great Britain's Luke Burnell described the decision to strip him of his Olympic bronze medal as "ridiculous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Martyn Rudolph says the club are ready to start their County Championship campaign with a win against Leicestershire on Friday.
Ford has reported better-than-expected profits in the first three months of the year, helped by strong performance in Europe.
A former Morgan Stanley banker accused of murdering a police officer has told a court he killed the officer for "extreme fantasies".
Leeds United managing director Mark Haigh has resigned following the collapse of a deal with Italian businessman Francesco Cellino's GFH.
More than half a million pounds of government funding is to be cut from a council's budget, it has been announced.
Spain's Socialist Party (PSOE) leader has lost a confidence vote in the country's lower house of parliament.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players are "gutted" by their defeat by New Zealand in Dunedin.
Two ambulances have been involved in a collision with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Polish football federation president Mateusz Pohorecki has defended the country's participation at the 2020 European Championship.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson for not attending a briefing on the situation in Syria.
A new report has set out the economic case for extending the Borders Railway.
Campaigners have welcomed the decision by the Scottish Borders Railway (CBR) to extend the railway through the Borders.
Over the next few years, many of us will be using smartphones, tablets, tablets and smartphones.
A steam-packet vessel has collided with the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier in what was described as an "unfortunate incident".
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4's This is England '90 for a second series.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has called for an independent review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Namibia's Julius Indongo at Belfast's Hydro.
"I think it's very good experience for me."
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fatal fire in Fraserburgh.
A sighting of a man believed to be involved in an attempted abduction at RAF Marham has been confirmed by police.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's finance committee has said the introduction of new tax and spending powers is introducing a "significant level of complexity".
The European Space Agency has launched a new system that will allow Earth observation satellites to communicate in real time.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a comfortable win over Hull FC.
Plans to build 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed by more than a year.
Thousands of British soldiers have been issued with new body armour due to concerns about its weight.
Rangers have signed striker James Gordon from Stoke City on loan for the rest of the season.
A troupe of elves have been threatened with an airgun after they were mistaken for real elves.
A march calling for an independent inquiry into the prosecution of ex-soldiers in relation to Bloody Sunday killings has been postponed.
Jersey's former Premier League footballer Paul Le Saux says he still does not believe there are gay players in professional football.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a Roman town in Bournemouth.
A charity which helps deaf and hard of hearing people find work has been given a further month's extension.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will "never stop a player from leaving" the club.
Scottish Labour and the Scottish Liberal Democrats have pledged to raise income tax by up to £1bn, according to a new report.
The former chief executive of Japanese camera firm Kikukawa has pleaded guilty to accounting irregularities that led to the loss of more than $2bn (Â£1.3bn).
A court in Egypt has ordered the retrial of three journalists convicted of spreading false news about the Muslim Brotherhood.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in west London.
Saracens lock Kurt Kruis has been ruled out of England's autumn Test series against Argentina.
A deadly outbreak of the mosquito-borne disease Dengue fever has killed at least one person in Burkina Faso, officials say.
Plans for a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-21 international defender Dimitrios Bouchalakis on a two-year deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike in eastern Syria, activists say.
A schoolgirl from County Down has been awarded the BBC's Unsung Hero award for her work with children with learning disabilities.
A hospital has launched a recruitment drive to try to recruit more nurses and people who have left the profession.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a car attack by Palestinians in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather has told Conor McGregor he will knock him out inside four rounds if he wins their super-fight on Saturday.
David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his family's tax affairs has come as a shock to many.
A church badly damaged by floods has been switched on for the first time in more than a decade.
Seven Iranian nationals have been charged with hacking into the websites of US companies.
Championship side Shrewsbury Town have signed Brighton & Hove Albion teenager Liam Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
A former lecture block at Swansea University is to be given a new look.
Employers have become the first in the UK to start paying into their state pension pots.
A man who started a fire which destroyed a former seaside resort has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Fleetwood Town have signed Bristol City striker Ben Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said she is "confident" the country will be able to host the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
At least 11 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
A police rattle has been unveiled in Surrey to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a Scottish detective.
Three nurses who falsified patient records at a Cardiff hospital have been jailed.
A judge in Brazil has temporarily halted work on a controversial hydroelectric dam in the Amazon rainforest.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the decline in numbers of the UK's Little Tern.
A baby pine marten has been born in Wales for the first time in more than a century.
A drugs mule who was sentenced to 15 years in prison in Peru has arrived in the UK.
A dog is to be used to promote the introduction of a new workplace pension scheme in England.
A man accused of murdering his partner told police he feared "jumping off a cliff" while searching for her body, a court has heard.
A performance of Donizetti at the Royal Opera House in London was interrupted by a fire alarm.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who has died in hospital.
Brendan Foley once said: "Straight over a fella."
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has released an app to help people check if their wi-fi is running as fast as they could.
Graeme McDowell missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a three-under-par 66.
Plastic surgeons are hoping to use 3D printing to create new body parts using human cells.
The uninhabited islands of Palau lie off the coast of Indonesia.
Napoli extended their lead at the top of Serie A to five points with a comfortable win over AC Milan.
Mark Ronson and Mars have been added to the original writers of Blurred Lines' hit Uptown Funk, according to the Recording Industry Association (RCA).
China will never close its "open door" to the outside world, President Xi Jinping has said, amid growing concern about the state of the economy.
The opening of a Coca-Cola Christmas sweets shop in Leicester has been branded "a hypocrite" by an MP.
A detective sergeant has been sacked for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who was jailed for 30 years for murdering his children.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed in Israel's air strikes in the Gaza Strip.
Great Britain's sporting teams reached the quarter-finals of the Olympic Games in Rio.
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England has been delayed by more than a year.
A man has died and another is critically ill in hospital after being hit by a car in Birmingham.
The first week of campaigning in the North West has been dominated by UKIP, the Conservatives and the Greens.
A new water tariff is being launched to help people who spend more than 5% of their income on water.
Aston Villa manager Julien Garde is expected to make a decision on his future on Monday.
Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a two-year deal.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, has called on the Catholic Church to apologise for the "horrendous stigma" it has placed on unwed mothers.
The mastermind of the Hatton Garden raid has admitted hiding £14m of stolen jewellery and precious stones in a cemetery.
The Singing Sewermen have recorded a Christmas song to highlight the problem of "fatbergs" in London's sewers.
Valve has announced plans to change the way games are published on its Steam service.
Iran has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying for the US, state media report.
Former TV presenter Jimmy Clifford has denied sexually assaulting a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests in India.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor clashed on stage during the first of a four-day promotional tour for their bout in Las Vegas.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's 4x100m relay squad for the World Championships in February.
The bodies of two men who died in an explosion at an RAF base were found in a booth, an inquest has heard.
A stone house that inspired the novelist John Fowles is to open to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history as Liam Woodburn's second-half strike secured victory over Leeds.
West Ham United have been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to reveal details of their rental deal with the taxpayer at London's Olympic Stadium.
Prince Charles has said the scale of religious persecution around the world is "beyond all belief".
Schools in England are to receive a basic level of funding from the government, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
In the run-up to the general election, Chancellor George Osborne announced that he would be bringing forward a series of tax increases.
When I first started working with Henry Blofeld on BBC Radio 4's commentary box on the first day of the first Test between England and West Indies, I was immediately struck by how much I loved him.
Real Madrid moved up to fourth in La Liga with victory over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's provincial government has passed a law recognising the right of Hindu couples to marry.
Premiership side Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
More than 3,000 people in Guatemala have been evacuated from their homes after a volcano erupted, officials say.
A blood test could help predict how well an individual is ageing, say researchers.
A woman who was on her mobile phone at the time of the Manchester bomb attack was lucky to be alive, her husband has said.
Russia has defended its air strike on a Turkish military building in the Syrian town of al-Bab, saying it was a "total accident".
A plan to reorganise hospitals in parts of Merseyside and Cheshire has been criticised by councillors.
Two diesel vessels have been rescued after they ran aground in Dart Harbour.
A woman has died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains service for more than four hours have said they were told they had trespassed.
Four former soldiers have been jailed for conspiring to import guns and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a six-year-old girl in the UK.
Small businesses are a very important part of our economy.
Members of the Hoover pension scheme in Merthyr Tydfil could lose out on their benefits if the company goes bust.
A man in his 20s has died in Dublin city centre.
Two women have died in a crash involving two cars in East Lothian.
"If the UK and the Republic of Ireland could work together, we would be in a very positive position."
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said he wants to work with the UK government to get a "good deal" for Wales.
Scientists have developed a 3D-printed cartilage that can be inserted into human tissue.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by the owner of Humberside Airport.
On a Monday morning in the early hours of the morning, David Haynes was sitting on the floor of the London Stock Exchange.
League Two side Woking have signed former Crawley Town midfielder Bobson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Durham University and Newcastle University have taken part in the inaugural Tyne-Wear Boat Race.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and a naval taskforce have entered the English Channel.
All images are copyrighted, subject to copyright.
West Ham have signed striker Adebayo Emenike from Turkish side Besiktas on a season-long loan deal.
Thieves have smashed a cash machine with a dumper truck and stole more than £20,000.
England will face China in the quarter-finals of the China Open on Sunday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has paid tribute to her "best friend".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida for the first time in his career.
French prosecutors say they hope to reach the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the Marseille mountains on Monday.
Botswana has arrested a US pastor who was due to give a sermon on homosexuality on a radio station, the government says.
Wales wing Liam Williams is set to miss Scarlets' Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday with a knee injury.
Drax Campbell's career has been a rollercoaster of highs and lows.
The Scottish government has tabled a bill to merge railway policing into Police Scotland.
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has announced a £200m redundancy scheme for the Civil Service.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a free transfer.
Maria Sharapova has been criticised for not knowing who David Beckham and Sachin Tendulkar were watching her play.
Police are investigating allegations that two boys were sexually abused at a care home.
The Welsh Parliament should be renamed the Welsh Parliament, the First Minister has said.
Alun Cairns has described his first cabinet meeting as "emotional".
Plans for a new £1.3bn arts and technology hub in Swansea Bay have been criticised by council leaders.
A new breed of bee has been found to be more effective at dealing with a deadly strain of a deadly bee disease.
A council has offered to pay £325,000 to settle a dispute over plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back on Muhammad Ali's life.
When Sam Smith left Leeds Rhinos at the end of last season, he had no idea he would end his career in rugby league.
Two Australian children have been arrested in Lebanon on suspicion of kidnapping and assaulting their mother, a judge has said.
Researchers at Cardiff University have developed computer algorithms that can identify cancer cells in a population of previously unseen ones.
Harlequins have signed Leinster back-row forward Ben Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A driver who caused the deaths of a grandfather and his wife by not braking at all has been jailed for seven years.
The number of new enquiries about UK house prices has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to surveyors.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said the "days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised for his behaviour during Sunday's European Champions Cup game against Toulon.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey was found in a garage submerged in liquid, a court has heard.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's quadruple sculls at the European Aquatics Championships in London.
Plans for hundreds of homes in County Antrim have been unveiled.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after an 18-month battle with cancer.
Malaysian palm oil giant Olam has been accused of illegally sourcing its products from third party suppliers that may contribute to the annual haze that has hit the country.
It is not every day that a senior Scottish Labour politician is at a conference in Lhasa.
A rare shark has been found washed up on a beach in County Antrim.
The world's warming is slowing down, according to a new analysis of ocean data.
Deadline day is the time of year when the transfer window is about to close.
A council has been ordered to pay Â£5,000 compensation to a family whose homes were destroyed by a landslip following heavy rain.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal beat Hull to move up to third in the Premier League.
Facebook has said it is working with law enforcement in the UK to remove pages belonging to convicted child sex offenders.
Aaron Ramsey scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season as Arsenal beat Championship strugglers Norwich to reach the FA Cup final.
Derbyshire captain Gary Barnett has been appointed as the club's new elite performance director.
England should give South Africa all-rounder Keaton Jennings time to settle in before the final Test in Australia, says captain Steve Smith.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) are investigating whether former HBOS executives should be banned from senior positions in banking.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner after he was reported to have got the name of a woman from social media while she was in hospital.
Philippine troops say they have regained control of the city of Marawi, which has been under siege since last week.
Southern rail has been accused of "targeted harassment" by the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a light aircraft crashed into a tree in Edinburgh.
A rapist who was jailed for raping a woman in Cardiff has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed batsmen Shiv Thakor and Chris Godleman for next season.
Two Polish police officers have been deployed to a town where a Polish man died after being attacked.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, Australian expats are being urged to post their ballot slips back to the UK.
An athletics club has been told it cannot use Windsor Great Park for training because of its lack of lighting.
Singer Beyonce is to play four more shows at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Ben Eden scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford inflicted a first defeat of the season on Leigh Centurions.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last five years.
Hundreds of people have marched through the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, to protest against the police shooting of a black man.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride parade.
The UN-backed tribunal investigating the assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened in The Hague.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been denied parole for the second time in less than a year.
A 15-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A South Sudanese band has called on people to forgive each other after months of violence.
Director Ruben Babenco, who directed the Oscar-nominated film Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died aged 74.
Scientists have developed a robot that can move faster than the previous generation.
Singer Ed Sheeran has donated his wardrobe to charity.
The head of Tanzania's anti-gay campaign has accused the health ministry of "fueling hatred, violence and increased mob lynchings" by posting homophobic tweets on social media.
A man has died after falling into the River Tay in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham and Redbridge.
Six people have been arrested after disorder at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested following the death of a man who was hit by a car in Sheffield.
Northern Ireland striker Jack Washington says he is "lucky" to be playing for the Republic of Ireland again.
A historic manor has reopened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
A man carrying his wife has become the first British man to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed a global arms treaty, saying it is a "new chapter in our collective efforts to bring responsibility, accountability and transparency".
Manchester is to host the Great CityGames and Great Manchester Run on Friday, the city council has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash.
Essex fast bowler Harmer says he will probably never take more than 28 wickets in two games again.
A public inquiry into prisoners' education and training is to be launched by the justice secretary.
For many Latin American countries, the removal of a democratically elected leader as a result of a coup is a significant milestone in their history.
A group of students from the Netherlands are working together to develop a hydrogen-powered bus.
A jockey who was found asleep at the wheel of his car while over the drink-drive limit has been banned from driving for three years.
A former nightclub in Swansea is set to be demolished as part of Swansea council's plans to transform the city centre.
A dog has been left "traumatically and traumatically" by its owners after its claws were removed from a road in Kent.
A man has been shot dead in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks have signed Moldova international Vadimobilas from Bordeaux on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United have signed Tom Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal.
UK mortgage approvals rose to their highest level in more than a year in July, according to official figures.
The father and son of a woman accused of her murder in Pakistan have been remanded in custody.
Chinese internet giant Baidu has unveiled a digital assistant that can be controlled by voice.
A lorry driver has been filmed using his mobile phone while driving.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Madrid Open with a straight-set win over Spain's Fernando Verdasco.
Nigeria's former defence minister Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court charged with fraud and money laundering.
Police are searching for a father and his three children who went missing from their home in Brighton on Friday.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the German Cup.
Voting has begun in Cheshire's general election.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against the world's best players at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London.
Police are investigating whether rogue ecstasy pills may have been made in the Netherlands.
Swedish economist Lars Holmstrom and US economist David Hart have been awarded the Nobel economics prize.
A cold snap has hit Italy, with temperatures expected to fall as low as -6C (9F) in some parts of the country.
The European Space Agency (AZ) is to carry out pioneering research into the human genome.
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a new stand at Franklin's Gardens to accommodate more than 15,000 fans.
Lambing season is back in full swing in north Wales.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Bottles of whisky from a ship which sank more than 40 years ago have been sold at auction.
A police force has been accused of "sexual stereotyping" after a sandcastle depicting a murder victim was mocked on social media.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion across Europe, with many commentators calling it a victory for the UK and the rest of the EU.
Negotiations over the sale of Silverstone Circuit have been put on hold after a number of potential investors pulled out.
Two glider pilots who took part in the Battle of the Somme have been described as "immensely brave".
Brazilian mining giant Rio Tinto has raised its offer for Riversdale Holdings to 50% of the company's shares.
Opposition leaders in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called for a referendum on constitutional changes to be held on Sunday.
Leinster have signed Ireland international Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
The family of a nine-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer have said they are "heartbroken" after a crowdfunding campaign for his treatment failed.
Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman International for $1.3bn (Â£1.6bn).
The FA Cup third round, EFL Cup quarter-finals and the Scottish League Cup are all live on BBC One.
Peterborough United have signed striker Ben Lloyd from non-league side AFC Wimbledon for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of a former seaside resort in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been charged with the murder of an Indian-American man and a friend in the US state of Kansas.
The funeral of Keith Harris has taken place in Bristol.
Matt Marshall scored a hat-trick as Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Gloucester in the Premiership.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of fake reviews posted on its Google+ social network to a Dutch nursery.
Merstham Town have been drawn away to Oxford United in the first round of the FA Cup.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order directing the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to crack down on religious freedom.
A woman who filmed a far-right activist shouting racist abuse at a rally has said she feels "too strongly" to be intimidated.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving at a holiday park.
Chris Ridgewell scored twice as Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history.
The parents of those killed in the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is looking into North Korea's proposal to host the 2018 Winter Games.
A journalist has been shot dead by a gunman in the Turkish city of Cumhuriyet, police say.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to make the county's Guildhall "self sufficient" after it was bought by the Ministry of Justice.
Aung San Suu Kyi has said she is "pleased" to see Brighton Festival taking shape this year.
Prince George has announced his retirement from the National Health Service.
The US Senate has rejected a UN treaty on the rights of the disabled.
The UKIP leader has said she has a "concern" about the legitimacy of the High Court's ruling that Parliament should be given the go-ahead to start the process of leaving the EU.
More than 142,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a national Read Aloud attempt to break the world record for the largest number of pupils reading aloud.
Spain's Felipe Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as team-mate Valentino Rossi finished second in the Italian Grand Prix.
Rowling has said she is "shocked" by the number of people who have criticised her for her political views on Twitter.
The death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti may have been caused by physical or psychological pressure, prosecutors say.
A former airfield used by the Royal Air Force during World War I has been given listed status.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after two men were shot dead.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff and justice of the peace (JP) courts has improved, according to a new report.
Two horses have been named after the Isle of Lewis by Police Scotland.
A man has been charged in connection with a robbery at a shop in Fife.
Pop star Pharrell Williams has pulled out of the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) in Glasgow.
At least 17 people have been killed in shelling at a school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of an Irish teenager who was arrested during a crackdown in Egypt has been adjourned until 2 August.
Farmers who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to hold a meeting with the Department of the Economy.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that Brexit could lead to the withdrawal of EU students from Northern Ireland.
Hull City have signed Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben is to be renamed London Day in 2017, following a YouGov poll.
A new species of wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia.
England head coach Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to sign a new contract after his side's series win over New Zealand.
A convicted rapist has been found guilty of a further three rapes in Australia.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a memorial service for Princess Diana at her former home.
Lord Myners, the former chief executive of British chipmaker ARM, has said the government's decision to sell the company to Japanese firm Softbank is "not legally enforceable".
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC's Sound of 2017, with her debut album My Hood topping the longlist.
A Canadian park has been charged with animal cruelty over the care of two peacocks and a guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies have reached the Scottish Women's Premier League quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Mae'r digwyddiad terfysgol ym Manceinion wedi cael ei godi i'r amlwg fod y pecyn amheus ei osod yn ffug.
The owner of a holiday booking company in Turkey has said it has become "impossible to cope and sustain the business".
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the coast of Tuscany in 2013, is to appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to allow Scotland to remain part of the EU single market after Brexit.
Lebanon's Gendarmerie has foiled an attempt to smuggle thousands of amphetamine pills into the country, the state news agency NNA says.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited to the United States.
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of people living 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for their conduct in the 2-2 draw with Chelsea on Saturday.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur, called T. Rex.
Sunderland and England footballer Adam Johnson has denied sexual activity with a child.
The new South Western rail operator has been accused of failing to provide a guarantee that a second member of staff will be on board its trains.
One of the world's largest dinosaurs, Savannasaurus elliottorum, was able to cross the Pacific from South America to Australia 95 million years ago.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire.
The head of one of the world's biggest banks has said the UK's exit from the European Union is "not up to Britain".
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say they have arrested a man in connection with rioting at a Hindu temple.
A legal challenge against the use of false statements about SNP MP Alistair Carmichael during the general election campaign has been dismissed.
A blind and partially sighted man has criticised a council for installing a Braille paving in Hull.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the world title.
The release date for Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed Ryan Rothwell and Harry Maguire following the expiry of their contracts with the Championship club.
Gay conversion therapy is being banned in the UK, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
A man who was tricked into handing over heroin to the police has told the BBC he is concerned about the rise in cybercrime.
A health trust which was placed in special measures after a culture of bullying and low morale among staff has been told it must make improvements.
The value of Scottish salmon has soared to a record £155m in the first three months of the year, according to the Food and Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
Olympic double sculls silver medallist Sarah Grainger says she is grateful to her parents for giving her her first black belt.
At least 28 pilot whales have died after stranding on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of murdering his former partner told police she "fell" during a struggle with him, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed striker Emmanuel-Thomas on a season-long loan from West Bromwich Albion.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal continues to reignite - but what exactly is a horse solarium?
Tyrrell Hatton's second-place finish at the Scottish Open earned him a place at the USPGA Championship at Royal Troon.
England captain Michael Vaughan described the second Test defeat by Pakistan as "as good a four days of cricket that you could wish for".
Kilmarnock have signed defender Jamie Hamill from Hearts for an undisclosed fee.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win 100 World Cup races.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests" to open visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and create a border-free zone from Iraq, Iran and Syria, Michael Gove has said.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has broken down the number of cars sold in the UK, Germany and Spain affected by the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's hotly contested presidential and legislative elections.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned for two matches by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's A&E department is struggling to cope with the pressures of winter.
Partick Thistle manager Derek McInnes and Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers have been nominated for the Scottish Premiership manager of the year award.
When Canon Enid Morgan was ordained deaconess of Aberystwyth in 2008, she felt a sense of relief.
Former paramilitaries who suffered serious injuries during the Troubles should be entitled to a special pension, the BBC has learned.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two Jewish men and injuring three others.
Norwich City have signed Latics midfielder Marc Dijks for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The Duke of Cambridge is to leave RAF Valley at the end of the month to return home to his wife Catherine, the BBC understands.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
The death of a man who was Tasered by North Wales Police was an accident, an investigation has found.
A man has been arrested in Washington on suspicion of murdering four members of the Savvas Savopoulos family.
Malaysia's cinema regulator has approved the screening of Disney's remake of Beauty and the Beast.
A body has been found in the sea off the Vale of Glamorgan.
Australia's Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has said he takes allegations of abuse and exploitation of asylum seekers "very seriously".
Prosecutors in the Mexican city of Hermosillo have issued arrest warrants for dozens of officials involved in a fire that killed dozens of children in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a West Yorkshire schoolgirl more than 50 years ago.
It's easy to get stuck in a hotel.
Iker Casillas and Cesc Fabregas have been recalled to the Spain squad named by Julen Lopetegui.
Anita Mukherjee is on the shortlist to win this year's Booker Prize for fiction for her first novel.
Thousands of people are expected to attend the Tomatina Festival in Dumfries and Galloway this weekend.
A young mako shark which jumped 15ft (15m) off the back of a fishing boat off the coast of Wales has been rescued by a team of divers.
A baby gorilla has performed a "dance" at a zoo in a bid to raise awareness of the importance of young apes.
When we first arrived in the city of Ghent we were told to stay put.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" of recruitment and retention, according to a union.
A recording of England's 1966 World Cup anthem has been released.
Printers made by Canon, Epson and Minolta have been targeted by a hacker who sent a warning to their owners.
A teenager has been charged after a man was hit by a car in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield kept their National League play-off hopes alive with a comfortable 3-0 win at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said he will "get his soapbox out any day of the week" over plans for TV pre-election debates.
The final demolition of the Jungle migrant camp in Calais has been completed.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in for a second term in office.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Barnsley ended in defeat as the hosts were held to a draw by 10-man Birmingham.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data gathered from online learning modules to help its tutors identify students who may be struggling.
Birmingham City moved up to second in the Women's Super League One table with a comfortable win over Queen's Park.
The number of people arrested in the US for illegally entering the country has more than doubled in the past year, officials say.
Australian cricketer Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League for comments he made on air about his batting style.
A Brazilian man has been arrested in Italy after police found cocaine with a street value of more than 2m euros (£1.8m) in his suitcase.
The US and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of special forces from the eastern province of Wardak, the US military says.
Universities in Wales have "nothing to lose" after the Brexit vote, the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's biggest milk producers.
A concert by the Doonhamers has been cancelled because of a lack of ticket sales.
Sir Alex Ainslie led the United States to victory over Team New Zealand in the America's Cup final in San Francisco.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has made the club the best team in the UK, according to his former club Swansea City.
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah Perry both won in straight sets to reach the final of the British Open in Hull.
Nine former Ilex workers are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive over the closure of the company.
A norovirus outbreak has led to the closure of three wards at Inverness Royal Infirmary.
A series of iconic photographs of poverty and terrible conditions in some of the UK's most deprived areas are to go on display.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
A ferry which capsized in the Channel off the coast of Guernsey has been restored to service.
A hotel worker who caused the death of a feral cat in a kitchen has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to the UK's transport network.
Team Sky are being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad) over the use of banned injections, the BBC has learned.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from his mother's Surrey home.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" in the way he speaks, according to University of Manchester researchers.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "hugely surprised" by reports that Racing 92 and Stade Francais are set to merge.
A new range of emoji flags has been launched in Wales as part of a campaign to encourage more people to use them.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Bullying towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBTI) children is on the rise in Scotland, according to a report.
A council in Aberdeenshire has been contacted by police after receiving an email containing the word Scots Gaelic.
Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player Ryan McShane on a two-year deal.
Three vehicles have been involved in a crash in Dumfries and Galloway.
Coventry City have been approached by Rugby Borough Council over the possibility of a new stadium site in the borough.
Glamorgan director of cricket Mark Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department in the wake of a disappointing summer.
Leicester hooker Alun Wyn Jones says he is determined to prove he is good enough for England after having back surgery.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the season as they were beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne.
The home secretary has said it is "too early to say" whether net migration will be included in the Conservative manifesto.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 11 points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make our United Kingdom work for all our nations.
A blood test which could help diagnose early-stage Alzheimer's disease is "exciting", say researchers.
It's the world's largest floating town.
Wales pair Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand have joined Championship side Reading on loan until the end of the season.
A campaign has been launched to save Skegness's Jolly Fisherman from extinction.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he is "delighted" that he has been granted Russian citizenship.
Defending champion Laura Noppert will face world number one Heather Waites in the semi-finals of the Northern Ireland Open.
Swansea City are in talks with Rams boss Gary Rowett about the vacant manager's job, BBC Wales understands.
Dundee have appointed former St Mirren boss James McCann as their new manager.
Two of the UK's oldest Grade II-listed swimming pools have been placed on a list of World Monuments Watch sites.
An alphabetical chronology of key events:
A Scottish Conservative MP has been accused of "arrogance and blatant disrespect" after missing a key vote in the Scottish Parliament.
One of the world's largest flowering plants has begun to flower in Edinburgh.
The number of under-18s referred to the NHS for help with transgender issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivian voters have backed President Evo Morales in a referendum.
Championship side Wolves have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Richard Gormley on a two-year deal.
Five riders were disqualified from the Tour de France after being caught by a train as they crossed a safety barrier.
A series of seismic events in the US state of Washington has been recorded by a seismic recording station.
When the Fifa corruption scandal erupted in the US on Monday, the world's biggest sporting sponsors had no idea what it would mean for their brands.
England say they have been penalised "terribly illegally" by Wales at the Six Nations.
Two men accused of affray have denied punching a bride and groom at a wedding.
Britain's David Coulthard has become the first British rider to win two MotoGP races in the same day.
Nato forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 100 Taliban prisoners, the military says in a statement.
Indonesia is one of the world's most densely populated countries.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales as it tries to win more shoppers.
A new genetic test has been developed by the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire moved to within a point of the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with victory over Glamorgan.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
Sri Lanka's military has released new photographs of a seven-year-old boy it says was killed by soldiers during the country's civil war in 2009.
Manchester City came from behind to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering two women in separate incidents.
The BBC's Living With Lions is one of the most captivating documentaries of its kind.
An NHS trust which was placed in special measures three years ago has been rated "requires improvement".
Bombay House is one of the world's most famous buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna manager Pedro Sanchez has signed a new contract with the La Liga club.
A US college has reinstated a professorship awarded to comedian Bill Cosby after he was accused of sexually assaulting women in the 1970s.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki and Sloane Stephens have reached the semi-finals of the Rogers Cup.
A woman has died and two men have been injured after a lorry crashed into a flat in North Ayrshire.
Five teenagers have been handed jail sentences for their part in a riot in Carmarthenshire which caused thousands of pounds worth of damage.
Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Aintree.
India's government has proposed new laws to restrict the distribution of geospatial information, including satellite imagery, in the country.
Rory McIlroy missed the cut at the Dubai Desert Classic as he finished 11th behind England's Lee Westwood.
The National Portrait Gallery says it needs to raise more than £500,000 to buy a portrait of an 18th Century African slave.
Public hearings into allegations of historical child abuse against Lord Janner have been postponed.
Voting is under way in local elections across England, with the Conservatives and Labour putting up candidates in most seats.
Israeli security forces have removed metal detectors from the entrance to the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem, Palestinian activists say.
A six-year-old girl who went missing while visiting a monument in India has been found safe and well.
Three human feet have been found in a park in Bath.
Drivers on the M4 and M5 are being asked to come off the hard shoulder of the motorway every two miles in a bid to ease congestion.
Radon gas has been detected in homes in the Channel Islands for the first time.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut more than £1m from its budget over the next three years.
England captain Alastair Cook hit his first Championship century of the season as Essex dominated day two against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge as part of cost-cutting measures.
Two police forces failed to spot a driver travelling in the wrong direction before he killed a passenger, an inquest has heard.
Linfield reached the second qualifying round of the Europa League with a goalless draw against La Fiorita in Italy.
All proposed marine protected areas in Wales are to be scrapped, the environment minister has said.
Midfielder Paddy Murphy has signed a new one-year contract with League Two side Huddersfield Town.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
There are "a billion of ways" DNA could have been used to identify a man accused of murdering a Sun journalist, a court has heard.
Thousands of people are expected to attend a music festival in Dumfries and Galloway later.
More women are becoming nuns in the UK than ever before, the Church of England has said.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
The husband of a British woman who was jailed in Iran for five years has said he is "completely convinced" of her innocence.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over League Two Chesham United.
A man who was found guilty of murdering a woman in Derbyshire in 1973 may have been wrongly convicted of her murder, a former police officer has said.
A Taser-armed man who killed a woman in a hostel had staged an incident, an inquest has heard.
The former head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has told Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro to "give up".
A fire station in West Berkshire is to close permanently, the fire service has confirmed.
If you are a Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court after a 16-year-old girl died after taking a psychoactive substance.
A New Zealand man has won NZ$1m ($1m; £1m) in a bonus bond scheme, according to local media.
Forest Green Rovers have signed 18-year-old striker Ben Davies on a one-year deal.
Crude prices have fallen by almost 40% in the past three months, dragging down the value of commodities trader Noble.
South African police have removed a detective from the case against Oscar Pistorius, who is facing fresh charges of premeditated murder.
The Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams is facing a tough task in the assembly election campaign.
Nato is "no longer acceptable", Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
Iranian prosecutors have arrested eight people suspected of being involved in modelling on the photo-sharing site Instagram.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won the fourth stage of the Women's Tour as Marianne Vos retained the overall lead.
A man has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Manchester.
A pit bull seized by police in Cornwall is to be flown to the US after its owner launched an appeal against a destruction order.
Hong Kong actress Yeoh has been named best actress at the People's Choice Awards in Hong Kong.
Emma Pooley is set to return to the British Cycling team for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
A man has admitted causing the death of a dog walker by dangerous driving.
A man has said he was "disgraced" when he was questioned twice by police after being found with wires hanging from his backpack on a train.
Portugal has become the first country in the world to introduce a new citizenship law for Jews from the Iberian peninsula.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in her first official engagement with Scottish tennis star Serena Williams.
Portsmouth moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over AFC Wimbledon.
The number of recorded homicide cases in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 1976, according to new figures.
Super League champions Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton won the Italian Grand Prix for the first time in his career as Mercedes dominated the race.
Paralympic champion Shaun Whitehead's 40 marathons in 40 days have gone on display at the National Paralympic Games in London.
Jeremy Corbyn has told David Cameron he is "not sure the message has fully got home" after his first Prime Minister's Questions.
More than 100 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, which has been hit by floods, local media report.
US billionaire Donald Trump has said he will sue the Scottish government over plans for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
A new drop-off and pick-up point for coaches in Conwy could be widened to reduce road safety risk.
Ulster Bank has said it is "working flat out" to fix a software fault that has affected about 600,000 of its customers.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of involvement in the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says he would be "confident" of taking the club to the Championship play-off final.
Two directors of an arts organisation on the Isle of Argyll have been made redundant due to funding cuts.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (Â£1.3bn) fund to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
UK electricity prices could rise by up to 8% under a high gas and low wind energy mix, according to a new report.
NHS England is publishing the earnings of consultants who work in the private sector.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a van in Leicester.
Sam Burgess scored a hat-trick as Bath thrashed London Irish to move to the top of the Premiership table.
The Beatles' managerial contract signed by John Lennon, George Harrison and George Epstein has sold for £1m at auction in London.
The Israeli military has called up up to 75,000 reservists to help defend the country from attacks by Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip.
Air Canada has apologised to a Canadian boy who was forced to leave a flight because of an overbooking problem.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK.
The number of flights taking off and landing in UK airspace is set to hit record levels, the government has said.
The disappearance of Reddit's warrant canary could be a cause for alarm for the US government.
Thousands of selfies have been taken in a bid to raise awareness of the issue of gender discrimination in India's Haryana state.
CCTV footage has emerged showing Kenyan soldiers apparently looting items from a supermarket in the wake of the deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya.
Work is under way to clear debris from beaches affected by flooding in the East of England.
A third person has died after contracting flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home.
Flash Gordon actor David Blessed has told how he helped a woman give birth to a baby in a park.
A doctor accused of carrying out a series of attacks on women and men has told a court he was "on the road to developing breast cancer".
A team of scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, are on a mission to break the world's longest sea ice barrier.
Google has reported a net profit of $1.2bn (£1.1bn) for the three months to the end of September, boosted by a surge in advertising revenue.
Jazz Senga won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Royal Ascot for the first time since being thrown from his mount Tivoli on Sunday.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's demolition of its territorial claims in the South China Sea.
A Glasgow University student is using 3D imaging technology to help diagnose the causes of facial paralysis.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died following an incident in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been taken over by a consortium led by Dunkin' Brands owner Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May has the power to call an early general election.
More than 100 people have been forced to leave their homes after a fire at a council headquarters.
The cost of using private ambulances to respond to 999 calls in England has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Liverpool cruised into the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win over Burton.
Off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of England's women's one-day international series against India in Mumbai.
Ipswich Town's new signing Chris Taylor says he has the respect of every first-team coach at the club.
Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Manchester have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace.
National League side Gateshead have signed Newcastle United midfielder Liam Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" news reports that Russia meddled in last month's election.
Portugal's stock market has jumped on fears the country's centre-right government will fall.
Olympic qualification for the 2018 Winter Games in PyeongChang is on the mind of Bangor snowboarder Hannah Potter.
Five men have admitted robbing a man and a woman at knifepoint in a flat in Fife.
Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on loan until the end of the season.
"I'm John Toshack's son."
Poorer children are more likely to be involved in violent crime than poorer children, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Jason Gwynne is a jousting enthusiast, but he is also a bit of a stuntman.
A UK firm is warning people not to eat raw sprouted seeds after a suspected outbreak of E. coli in France.
A council has said it will not advise bidders on how to run a hospital's fertility services.
A man has died after a crash involving a car on the M42 in Birmingham, Highways England has said.
The partner of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court she has "quite a few" other women he cheated on with.
Young people in England are now doing worse than their parents' generation and the country is going backwards not forwards, a report says.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's missile test, saying it was a violation of a UN Security Council resolution.
A newspaper has accused Network Rail of "embarrassing fallout" after delays in engineering works on the East Coast Main Line.
Welsh boxer Andrew Selby will make his professional debut in Cardiff on Saturday.
Glasgow lost to Northampton in the Champions Cup quarter-finals at Scotstoun on Saturday.
Match reports from the weekend Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Chesterfield.
Welsh place names have been used in a number of research projects, including the discovery of a massacre between feuding Welsh princes and a massacre in Snowdonia.
Labour has launched its Welsh general election campaign with five pledges.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympics, including four in the women's single sculls.
A judge is to review the way the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Japanese author Kazuyoshi Yanagihara and American author Matthew McCarthy have been shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
A chaplain has resigned after reading passages from the Koran during a service at a Glasgow cathedral.
Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has complained that he is being kept in isolation at a maximum security prison.
Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 132 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Labour sources close to Jeremy Corbyn say they were shocked to find out that the party's manifesto had been leaked.
A drug that reduces the build-up of amyloid in the brain may be on the verge of being approved for use in people with early stage Alzheimer's disease, a study suggests.
Northern Ireland's attorney general, John Larkin, should resign, Sinn Féin MLA Michael McCann has said.
A 24-year-old man who attacked a woman at a Glasgow supermarket after she criticised his work has admitted assaulting her.
Atletico Madrid clinched the La Liga title as they held Barcelona to a draw at the Nou Camp.
A port on the Cromarty Firth is to be used for the construction of a wind farm.
A man has been jailed in Finland for the murder of his long-term partner.
A Swansea man has been honoured for his contribution to the development of radar technology.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been sharing his photographs on Facebook for the first time since he was diagnosed with cancer.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be planted in the UK.
At least 110 Afghan police officers have been freed from a Taliban base in the north-eastern province of Helmand province, officials say.
Welsh folk music is celebrating its 30th anniversary in Cardiff Bay.
There has been a rise in the number of critically ill patients being transferred to another ward in Wales, according to a new report.
Former Swansea City boss Sam Allardyce has been appointed as the new manager of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi women and children held captive by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
Police in Spain have detained two women in connection with a flashmob in a seaside town in the north-eastern region of Catalonia.
Who are the best World Cup teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal, officials say.
The chief executive of a health board in Wales raised concerns about media coverage of a report by the OECD, newly-released emails show.
The Knights of Malta celebrate the 900th anniversary of the founding of the monastic order in Rome.
Carol Carr, the actress who played Liesl in Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 87.
A court in the US has sentenced a 27-year-old man to five years in prison for hacking into the servers of the so-called Islamic State (IS).
It's that time of year again when it comes to predicting the finish of the Formula 1 season.
The chief constable of Surrey Police, Cressida Owens, has told the BBC she has been let down by the Home Office.
Hospital staff at a Cumbrian hospital have been told they have been notified of an outbreak of norovirus.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Rhys North says he is confident he can continue to score tries at the World Cup.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been released.
A second strike by Caledonian MacBrayne staff in a dispute over a new contract has been called off.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" in Saturday's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka.
At least 104 people have been killed and more than 100 are missing in a landslide in north-eastern Tanzania, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of links to the so-called Islamic State (IS) group, in separate raids.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been charged with breaching the Football Association's betting rules.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving after he advertised "lifts cheaper than taxis".
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a flight from Istanbul to London was diverted to Istanbul.
Blackpool chairman David Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a supporter who claimed he was threatened with a gun by the club's chairman.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
A hotel in Aberdeen which was placed under administration following a collapse has been put up for sale.
Andre Ward will defend his WBO and IBF light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev in London on Saturday.
Planned cuts to legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risked harming a system of fair justice, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's entourage has died at the age of 87.
Ospreys secured their place in the Pro12 play-offs with a bonus-point win over Ulster at Kingspan Stadium.
An investigation has been launched after a fire at one of the UK's deepest mines left 11 workers missing.
A woman has told a court she hid abuse she suffered as a child from her abuser because she felt "dirty and ashamed".
Essex and Glamorgan will meet in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals in Cardiff on Saturday after both sides made changes to their squads.
The UK's three Brexit ministers are on a two-day tour of the US and Australia ahead of the next round of trade talks.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lancashire, police have said.
On the outskirts of the Ukrainian city of Donetsk there was a quietness.
Cardiff Devils are "not worried" about having to play two games the night before the Challenge Cup final, says assistant coach Chris Kelman.
Singer Phil Collins has been forced to postpone two of his UK tour dates after suffering a cut on his eye.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the neck.
World Snooker's governing body has voted to allow the Shoot Out Championship to be counted as a ranking event.
Olympic dressage champion Jodie Dujardin will ride Uthopia in the opening leg of the Olympia Grand Prix in London on Thursday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury for trainer Frankie Dettori.
The Ayotzinapa University students have been missing for more than a year.
The National Theatre is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity, its artistic director Peter Norris has said.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week at the Isle of Man TT qualifying session on Thursday night.
In a remote corner of the Yorkshire Dales, a herd of mule gimmers stands in the middle of a field.
More than 70 jobs have been lost at a restaurant chain in Edinburgh.
More than £4m worth of cocaine has been seized during an investigation into an organised crime gang in Newport.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a student by dangerous driving.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract which would see them receive extra payments if they work more hours.
The RSPCA is to review the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Cornwall.
Volkswagen has been ordered by a court in Germany to resume production at two of its plants in Braunschweig, where production has been halted.
Young people's bus passes would be offered to older people if the Liberal Democrats win power, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said.
Clint Bravo hit a career-best 116 as Pakistan beat West Indies by six wickets in the first Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced by the European Commission.
Doctors, nurses and care homes across the UK are gearing up for Christmas Day.
Ferrari set the pace in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Sebastian Vettel was sent out on the medium tyre.
The family of an Iraq director who was found dead in a toilet in Istanbul have said they are "deeply sceptical" about initial reports.
Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of England's Women's Six Nations campaign with a knee injury.
A former BBC radio DJ has told a court he was "probably too old" to have sex with his ex-girlfriend.
Britain's Chris Froome leads Alberto Contador and Richie Porte in the Criterium du Dauphine.
Joe Cardle scored a stoppage-time winner as Dunfermline ended a run of three straight defeats with victory over Falkirk.
The Electoral Commission has published a booklet urging people to register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten glacier in the north-east of the Antarctic continent could lose ice equivalent to 2.7C of sea level rise by the end of this century, scientists say.
When Richard Nixon fired the head of the FBI in the early hours of the morning of 20 October 1973, there was a feverish reaction in Washington.
Workers at a pipeline company have said they were exposed to radioactive material for hours at a time during a planned shutdown.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 13 migrants have died after their boat capsized off the coast of Libya, Italian coastguards say.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead by her husband in South Africa four years ago, say they are still waiting for justice.
England's hopes of winning the one-day series against Sri Lanka were dented by rain on the final day of the match at Bristol.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Priddle looks at the latest political developments in Nottinghamshire.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after manager Lee Robinson was verbally abused by a fan during their 1-1 draw with Charlton Athletic.
Hibernian cruised into the second round of the Scottish Cup with a thumping victory over Bonnyrigg.
Scotland have called up South African centre George Jones for the first two Tests against Japan and Japan next month.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The first woman bishop in the Church of England has been consecrated at a ceremony in York.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, according to director of cricket Steve Read.
The wife of a Royal Navy officer has died at the age of 93 after a long battle with pirates off the Suffolk coast.
A group of Ukulele players have won a legal battle with a rival group.
Plans to test 11-year-olds on their times tables are to go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has confirmed.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a hospital run by a medical charity in Afghanistan.
Crusaders have signed former Tranmere Rovers midfielder Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal.
"We used to make oil from trees," said Dedel, as he walked along the path of the Seeds of the Forest project.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead striker James Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club.
A huge online cache of video games has been found in Blackpool, Lancashire.
MSPs have backed a bill which would allow same-sex couples in Scotland to marry in civil partnerships.
More than £100,000 has been stolen from TalkTalk customers in India, according to three whistleblowers.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by health inspectors.
Scotland's economy has suffered a "lost decade" under the SNP, according to the country's economy minister.
A woman in Edinburgh has become the first woman in the UK to have her ovary re-implanted after cancer treatment.
Nick Yarris, who spent 22 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania, has written his own book about his life.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Marseille Open.
There's a lot of debate going on in the House of Commons this week.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the number of new officers is at an all-time high.
Curtis has been a Swansea City legend for more than 40 years.
Liverpool's record goalscorer Emre Can scored the winner of the Match of the Day award at Vicarage Road.
A study is to be carried out in Scotland to see if it can prevent the development of type-1 diabetes.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
India's biggest e-commerce site, Flipkart, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in funding from angel investors.
The government has rejected a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the formal process of leaving the EU without the approval of Parliament.
Greek police are investigating claims that members of the far-right Golden Dawn party were behind an attack on a Greek MP last month.
Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut costs by 20% by the end of 2016.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has said he is "deeply disappointed" by the way Team Sky has been portrayed by the media and the public.
A protest has been held in Liverpool over the city council's £156m budget.
A north-west London school is to close its A-level provision after the government agreed to stop providing A-levels.
England scrum-half Dylan Hartley says he will not be distracted by the British and Irish Lions selection race.
Scientists have stitched a protein patch on to the hearts of people who have suffered heart attacks.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says midfielder Peter Whittingham will decide his future before the FA Cup.
The BBC Proms is one of the world's most prestigious orchestras, and this year it's no different.
Former US President Barack Obama will visit Ireland when he leaves the White House, his spokesman has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he would prefer to be "more than perfect" than team-mate Paul Pogba because of the pressure of the Premier League title race.
A woman who lost her hair after being diagnosed with cervical cancer has joined a trial in the UK.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they are to qualify for the 2018 finals.
The earliest evidence of human occupation of the Americas was found 130,000 years ago, a study suggests.
Former England winger Stuart Pearce is set to make his professional debut for a non-league club.
The United Nations has warned President Donald Trump it would be "impossible" for the organisation to continue its peacekeeping operations.
Police are trying to piece together the last known movements of a man who died after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Children under 11 are the most restricted in what they are allowed to do in their local neighbourhoods, according to a new study.
Six police officers have been placed on special measures after a man's fingers were severed in an incident at a police station.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to six points with a comfortable win over Partick Thistle.
More than £2bn of unpaid maintenance for children in England is not being recovered, the government has said.
Russell Brand has been criticised on social media for tweeting his mobile number and email to a Daily Mirror reporter.
Israel's general election campaign is one of the most intense in the country's history.
Aberdeen have agreed a deal with Lloyds Bank to cut their bank debt by £9m.
A Chinese court has reduced the prison sentence of a prominent journalist convicted of leaking state secrets to a US news website.
The number of adult mental patients placed out of care in Cornwall is to be cut by 2020/21, the county coroner has said.
Jurgen Klopp says his new Liverpool job is the "most interesting job in world football".
The number of empty bottles dumped on beaches in the UK has reached a record high, a conservation charity has said.
Portsmouth defender Luke Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
James Graham has said he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum.
The latest edition of Celebrity Big Brother drew an average audience of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, figures show.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
Northern Ireland's Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not seek re-election in the forthcoming general election.
The world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have reached a settlement over the Rio de Janeiro dam disaster.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 aircraft that will reduce the amount of legroom on board.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by six wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual offences against children in London.
Tom Latham and Mark Steel both hit centuries as Durham struggled on day one of their Division Two match at Durham.
League Two side Notts County have signed striker Jack Pritchard from League Two rivals Coventry City for an undisclosed fee and brought in Portsmouth striker Ryan Jones on loan.
There has been a big rise in the value of the pound since the EU referendum result.
Two police officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in Belfast more than 30 years ago have been ordered to be named.
A review of first aid training for nursery staff in England is to be carried out, the government has said.
More than 5,000 Syrian refugees have been housed in Welsh councils since the end of last year, according to official figures.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his 10th Wimbledon title.
A woman who told her husband to quit taking heroin has been jailed for two years.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Chris Ogogo has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage five of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
A sinkhole has opened up in a residential street, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England are "horrifically" batting against seam and spin in their one-day international series against India, says former captain Graeme Swann.
Hundreds of jobs are to be axed at a health and careers advice service in Wales, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain's Sophie French and Dan Evans won silver in the mixed team event at the European Swimming Championships in Budapest.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Lucas Zuniga on a season-long loan from Napoli.
Chancellor George Osborne says he has reached a deal with all government departments in his Spending Review.
Daniel Craig has been described as the best actor to play James Bond.
Chris Northeast hit an unbeaten century as Essex beat Kent by six wickets in the One-Day Cup at Chelmsford.
Quebec's Muslim community has been reeling from the shooting at a mosque in Quebec City on Monday.
ITV technicians have voted to strike in a dispute over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Mott says the club need to "show what they have got" in the run-up to the crucial month of April.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking at the Conservative Party conference in London on Tuesday.
A woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in Norfolk.
Global governments are failing to recognise the severity of the threat posed by climate change, a UN report says.
So what is the chancellor doing with the £23bn he has found at the back of the sofa?
Tata Steel is considering mothballing a plant in Newport with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Dozens of dead greyhound puppies have been found in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia.
Falkirk manager Lee Houston has dismissed reports that Sunderland are interested in signing teenage defender Tony Leahy.
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 90, was one of the UK's most recognisable tricksters.
Rail passengers have been paid more than £2m in compensation for disruption over the past three years.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man in Norfolk say they have already heard from more than 220 people.
One of Australia's most senior politicians has revealed that he is suffering from postnatal depression.
Smokers at a Breckland council have been told they will not be paid for taking a smoke break.
A student has described the "inhumane" moment she and her friend were shot dead by gunmen at the Bataclan concert in Paris.
England's hopes of winning the Ashes suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 263 by Australia on day four of the second Test in Melbourne.
An Australian woman who died after drinking a cup of coffee in Indonesia has been named by police.
Nottingham Forest striker Jonny Burke's £13m move to German side RB Leipzig is a "massive step", according to former Scotland striker Chris McGovern.
The husband of a woman who was found dead in her flat has been charged with her murder.
Sri Lanka's media minister has said a Buddhist monk who killed himself outside a shrine in the capital Colombo was planning to kill himself.
Japanese firm Hitachi has agreed to buy a nuclear power venture in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said the party can no longer turn to the "big beasts" to lead it forward.
Chris Pratt's latest film, Jurassic World, has opened at the top of the US box office.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of smuggling cocaine into the country.
Neymar scored twice as Sevilla came from behind to beat Barcelona and go top of La Liga.
A number of items worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from an industrial estate in Lockerbie.
It was a night to remember for a variety of reasons.
The UK's withdrawal from the World Trade Organization (WTO) is set to have a significant impact on the UK's trade relationship with the EU.
A collection of Action Man toys has been sold at auction for the first time in 50 years.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the University of Bristol's Great Hall.
Engineers have developed a 3D printing system that mimics the dynamics of liquid "ropes".
Roger Federer won his first ATP Tour Finals title with victory over Richard Gasquet in the men's singles at the French Open.
A number of roads in Scotland have been closed due to snow and ice.
Blackpool were held to a goalless draw by Wycombe in League Two.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
A mother and her two toddlers have been arrested after their car crashed into a ditch in the US state of South Carolina.
Police are treating a serious injury to a man in Edinburgh as attempted murder.
A memorial service has been held for a US airman who died in a plane crash in 1945.
One of the most conservative members of the US Supreme Court, Justice Clarence Thomas, has asked a question about gun laws.
Opponents of California's gay marriage ban have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to reinstate the ban.
The finance secretary has refused to hand over details of the Scottish government's spending plans until after the Autumn Statement.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has stepped down after three years in charge of the county.
Thousands of people have taken part in a wrestling competition to raise money for charity.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have appealed for information about the shooting.
Ross Kemp is to return to EastEnders to play Barbara Mitchell's son Grant Mitchell for the last time.
Police officers are making compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars, the BBC has learned.
A woman who bit a postman in the leg while he was delivering mail in Dumfries has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction.
"Vabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
A memorial service has been held in Paris to mark the 130th anniversary of the Paris attacks.
A by-election is to be held in the Borders later this month.
At least two people have been killed in a collision between a train and a tram in the Belgian town of Leuven, officials say.
Google has released a new version of its Earth system.
A golfer has been injured after being grabbed by a crocodile on the 11th hole of a golf course.
The US city of Bloomington has renamed its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property sector has continued to fall, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of having a "cunning plan" to deal with Brexit, after the Labour leader said the prime minister had "no plan".
The sequel to the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be made up of three films, Warner Bros has announced.
The founder of the so-called Silk Road drug marketplace has been sentenced to 20 years in prison.
A fox cub has been rescued after it was mistaken for a puppy.
Yafai won the WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
The award-winning Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "20th Century" after it refused to film Prime Minister David Cameron's visit to Cornwall.
Police are investigating the deaths of two women found dead at a flat in Glasgow.
Ian King has been voted on to the board of Rangers after a shareholders' meeting in Edinburgh.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
The first series of BBC One drama Doctor Foster started with the ex-partner being left heartbroken after their marriage collapsed.
Racism in football in Wales is "regularly" reported to the Football Association of Wales, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
An acting head teacher has admitted making indecent images of children at a primary school.
China has accused the US of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
More than 26,000 people have attended a pink dot rally in Singapore's capital, Singapore.
The Brexit vote is set to have a profound impact on the UK economy.
Urban landscapes could be used as a "giant nature reserve" for bees, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl.
More than 469 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued off the coast of north-eastern Indonesia, officials say.
A rail company has been banned from operating trains after a series of incidents in which safety equipment was allegedly bypassed.
It was a Budget delivered by a man with "big ambitions".
Kia has been named the best car brand in the world for the first time, according to a survey.
Syrian boy Safid has told Newsround he's desperate to get to the UK.
Northern Ireland's political leaders have been reacting to the election result.
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada reached record levels in 2015, according to official figures.
Monte Bianchi, the former Marussia driver who was killed in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix, has died at the age of 31.
Candidates for the London mayoral election in May have been announced.
The UK abolishing Air Passenger Duty would be an "advantage" for airlines operating in Northern Ireland, according to the chief executive of the UK's largest airline.
A driver has died in a crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tests can predict the progression of blood cancer, according to researchers at Dundee University.
A cyclist has been killed in a crash with a lorry in east London.
A US judge has ruled that US women's football players are not entitled to strike over pay.
The UK government has agreed to allow Simi the dog to be brought into the UK from Belgium, the BBC understands.
BBC Northern Ireland broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Professional Television Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft unveiled its next Xbox One console at E3 last year, it promised to deliver “true 4K gaming and high-fidelity VR”.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook in a case that could lead to his eviction from his home.
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar in 1993, it was probably one of the lowest professional moments of her career.
BBC Newsnight has been talking to a man who has been living in the French port city of Calais for more than a year.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate the governance of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Strictly Come Dancing's Aliona Vilani has pulled out of the 2016 series after winning this year's series with Jay Leno.
William Hague has said the UK will press for a "new and strong international agreement" on how to tackle the flow of arms from militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will leave Napoli at the end of the season unless he meets the release clause of 94,376,000 euros, a club source has told the BBC.
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill that would require companies to certify their gender pay programmes.
Nigeria's government has responded to the mass abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in the north-eastern state of Borno by releasing a statement saying most of the girls are still missing.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A boiler owner has lost a High Court battle over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be cut by about 75% from next year, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped at Henley Royal Regatta in Berkshire.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on loan until the end of the season.
Bilkis Bano, a Muslim woman from the western Indian state of Gujarat, has been fighting for justice for more than a decade.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he did not tell his players about his side's "high-intensity" draw with Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is "not surprised" that the DUP has said heterosexual people can contract HIV.
More than 1,000 EU nationals have been sent polling cards in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has confirmed.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says he would like to see defender Bailey Wright's contract tied down.
China has confirmed it has deployed missiles on two disputed islands in the South China Sea, US officials say.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for Europe to "completely depend on others" after US President Donald Trump said climate change was "on the way out".
British chef Lacey Thompson has become one of the most influential women in the world.
A levy on employers to pay for apprenticeships is to be introduced, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two Conservative MPs have been ordered to pay £40,000 to settle a libel claim made against them by a UKIP MP.
Tens of thousands of Kenyans have gone on strike in protest at the election result of opposition leader Raila Odinga.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a gorse fire broke out in Woodbury, Somerset.
For many people, a holiday is a chance to relax and recharge your batteries.
Greece's caretaker Prime Minister Nikos Papademos has been taken to hospital after a car bomb exploded in the capital, Athens.
Police have said they are "appalled" by a series of attacks on officers in County Down.
Favourite Galileo won the Epsom Classic at Aintree on Saturday.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by police in the US state of Louisiana has been described as "disturbing" by his lawyer.
Scientists in Canada have implanted GPS trackers into slugs in a field.
Denmark reached the Women's EuroHockey Championship semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 3-0 win over Austria.
Scientists have discovered the remains of a young girl believed to be one of the earliest inhabitants of the Americas.
President Donald Trump has insisted that he's not breaking the law by disclosing classified information to Russian officials.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must be "professional" if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
US and UK experts are carrying out independent assessments of nerve agent samples collected from the scene of the alleged chemical attack in Syria last week.
Smart glasses that allow blind and partially sighted people to see more clearly have been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
A US-Iranian journalist has gone on trial in Tehran accused of spying for the Iranian government.
Two pairs of sand martins have hatched at a quarry on the Isle of Wight for the second year in a row.
The reintroduction of sea otters to southern California in the 19th Century may have helped revive ailing grasses, a study suggests.
A man with locked-in syndrome has launched a legal challenge to the right to die in England and Wales.
A man who smuggled drugs into Northern Ireland in a wheelie bin has been jailed.
Human remains have been found at a former mother-and-baby home in the Republic of Ireland, the Irish justice minister has said.
When Thommo Nicholl arrived at Celtic Park for a pre-season friendly with Raith Rovers, there was a sense of anticipation.
Physical education in schools in Wales should be made a core subject, according to a report.
The parents of Charlie Gard have called for his life support to be switched off and he should be allowed to die.
Schools in England should include outdoor learning in their curriculum, according to a new report.
Lancashire have appointed former England head coach Peter Moores as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
An England fan who donated £4.10 to a charity after Alex Hales hit an unbeaten century in the third Test against Pakistan has been refunded.
A memorial to a teenager who drowned in the River Thames is to be installed in Bath by the end of 2016.
England's qualification for Euro 2016 looks set to be a success - but how far have they come since the World Cup?
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped in India has said he will not have any objection if a new anti-rape law is named after her.
The United States has become the first country in the world to decriminalise the sale and possession of drugs.
The RSPB has delayed the opening of two new nature reserves in Somerset after a river over-topped the marsh.
Police have issued a fresh appeal for information after a number of birds were found abandoned in a National Forest estate in the Highlands.
A former Royal Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences, including making explosives and storing them in barrels in England and Northern Ireland.
Welsh brewery Brains has announced plans to open a chain of coffee shops in south Wales and the south west of England.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from La Liga rivals Real Madrid on a three-year deal.
A man has been jailed for four years for killing his friend by punching him in the leg at a scooter rally.
It's that time of year again again.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has warned that demand for oil is likely to slow in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to take the national team to the 2018 World Cup, says former Wales defender Rob Roberts.
Over 60s are the world's most vulnerable age group, according to a new report.
League Two side Derby County have signed teenage midfielder Ben Davies on loan from Burton Albion until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o is to star in the new film Black Panther, it has been announced.
A 70-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in West Lothian.
Four men have appeared in court accused of conspiring to smuggle drugs worth more than £200,000 into the Republic of Ireland.
A man has been jailed for eight years for murdering a pensioner in Glasgow.
The father of a reservist who died while taking part in a heat test has told an inquest it was not in his thought process to stop the exercise.
Shaker Aamer, the last British detainee to be held in Guantanamo Bay, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side's Europa League exit was a "hard lesson".
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell 1.5% after the bank said it would cut its full-year savings by 2.5%.
U2 frontman Bono has paid tribute to Dennis Sheehan, who died at a hotel in Los Angeles on Wednesday night.
Billy Shankland's second-half strike earned Ballymena United victory over Livi in League Two.
Former Northern Ireland captain Mark McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be available for Euro 2016 because of a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two Rabobank traders have been charged in the US with conspiring to manipulate the Libor interest rate.
Chelsea Ladies secured a 1-0 win over Glasgow City in the first leg of their Women's Champions League first qualifying round tie.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) says it is "confident" coach Aleksandar Sredojevic will be cleared of his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only person in the race to succeed Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to Taiwan's president-elect, the White House has said.
Harvard University in the US is considering changing its official name to remove the word "master", amid a row over race and identity.
Portugal booked their place in the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a 2-1 win over Australia in Moscow.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have dismantled tents set up by drug addicts who have fled into neighbouring streets.
Martin McGuinness is to visit Belgium to mark the centenary of the start of World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says this season has been a "massive lesson" for him as he prepares for the FA Cup final.
Many Clouds, the winner of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Gold Cup, has died after suffering a pulmonary haemorrhage.
It's that time of year again when the January transfer window closes.
The government's plan to cut the number of Army reservists by 30,000 by 2019 has been criticised as "a calculated risk".
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he was not thinking his team were "perfect, unbeatable" at the start of the season.
Italy boss Fabio Capello has been suspended from his role as Russia manager until the 2018 World Cup.
A British wildlife expert has called on the European Commission to clamp down on illegal spring hunting in Malta.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in the West Midlands.
More than 70 jobs are to be axed at a loudspeaker manufacturer in North Lanarkshire, it has been announced.
Chris Evans scored his first goal for West Brom as they came from behind to beat Stoke and reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
A bus route in Oxford could be closed to allow pedestrians and cyclists to use the city centre's main route, a council has said.
Franchisees of McDonald's restaurants in Europe are being accused of abusing their dominant position in the fast food industry.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has announced his retirement from football.
Tony Blair was on holiday in France when the London Bridge attack happened.
Swansea City secured their Premier League survival with a 3-0 win over Crystal Palace that secured the Tigers' place in the relegation zone.
Bradford Bulls have failed to complete the due diligence necessary to secure a new deal for the club.
Human remains have been found in the search for missing woman Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Denmark's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the South African Open.
Donald Trump has called the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal a "horrible deal".
A 13-year-old girl has won a cake competition for a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake.
Amnesty International has accused the European Union of "sugar-coating the cyanide pill" over a deal to resettle migrants in Greece.
The Department of Justice has paid compensation to eight former Catholic school children who were injured during anti-Catholic protests in north Belfast.
A German university is to publish an annotated edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, 70 years after his death.
A new primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a water pipe burst.
Mae Theresa May wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y UE wrth i'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May.
Brazilian club Corinthians have ruled out signing Manchester City's Carlos Tevez.
It has been a decade since the murder of a Hungarian actress.
Mae Geraint Thomas wedi dweud ymchwiliadau ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy, yn ôl eu dymuniadau da'r Tour de France.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on a US naval base in Hawaii.
The UCI has opened disciplinary proceedings against Team Sky after a rider was racially abused at the end of stage three of the Tour de France.
It is a criminal offence to supply "smart drugs" or "cognitive enhancers" at university, the UK's drugs watchdog has warned.
The European Union is considering sending troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) to help stabilise the region, EU foreign ministers have said.
St Mirren have signed Scotland Under-20 international striker James Clarkson on a one-month loan deal.
Atletico Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points as they came from behind to beat Valencia.
The Wales football team have arrived in Cardiff ahead of Euro 2016.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester United on Saturday will be streamed live on the internet for the first time.
The Egyptian referendum on a new constitution has been met with mixed reactions in the country's newspapers.
The pilot of a plane that crashed in Myanmar, killing all 14 people on board, has been found dead, state media say.
A man has been found guilty of the most serious breach of the EU's medicine control regime.
All the papers lead with the story of the EU's chief Brexit negotiator.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in Scotland.
A 25-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
Three bears have been caught on camera trying to pop a strange object into the air at a safari park in Mexico.
Historic Scotland has put the site of one of the world's most famous Roman battles on its list of historic battlefields.
Derry City manager Joey Barton says he was "devastated" by the reaction to Brendan Rogers' lip injury in Sunday's win over Tyrone.
Flooding has continued to cause disruption in parts of England, with heavy rain forecast for Thursday.
A US senator has called for Snoop Dogg to be "really careful" after a video appeared to show him shooting Donald Trump.
The first of 11 giant floating wind turbines has been moved into place off the Aberdeenshire coast.
World number one Dustin Johnson is in contention to win his fourth PGA Tour title after carding a four-under-par 66 at the North Carolina Open.
Newsweek, the US news magazine, has unveiled its final front cover, with the hashtag #lastprintissue.
Russia's economy has contracted for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
The minimum term for killing a police officer should be increased to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The campaign for the UK to leave the European Union is focusing on the heartland areas of Wales.
A man who attacked a post office worker with a knife during a robbery in Glasgow has been jailed for five years.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has withdrawn from the squad for next month's World Cup in Brazil.
HMS Ocean, the Royal Navy's amphibious assault ship, is to be withdrawn from service, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The value of the pound has been cut in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the Item Club has said.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Mason on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour would offer a "settlement for business" if it wins the general election.
Former Irish police commissioner Michael Callinan has been cleared of wrongdoing by a former judge in a report into the conduct of the force.
The number of people being held at Brook House removal centre in London has more than doubled in the past five years, a Home Office report has found.
Warren Gatland says Wales are in "pretty good shape" as they prepare to defend their Six Nations title against Ireland on Saturday.
When I arrived at the Scottish Open on Monday morning, I was greeted with a mixture of excitement and fear.
Chelsea captain John Terry will appeal against his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Peterborough, says manager Antonio Conte.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car on the M4 in Staffordshire.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton wants a squad of 21-22 players for next season.
Children in the UK are being given the chance to play Pokemon Go on mobile devices.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death with a car.
International students from outside the EU spend more than £1bn a year on Scottish universities, according to auditors.
Derry City secured their first win of the season as they beat Harps 3-1 in the All-Ireland qualifier at Finn Park.
More than half of councils in England will have a shortage of secondary school places by the end of the year, the Local Government Association has warned.
Work on a £1bn road linking Cardiff Bay and the east of the city is set to begin on Thursday.
When security forces stormed the Giza mosque in Cairo on Thursday night, it was the start of a day of violence.
Actress Vicky McClure has said she was "mortified" when she was thrown off a tram named in her honour for fare evasion.
The mother of Lily Allen has said she is "horrendous" that her son has been branded a stalker by police.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire and rescue services to be brought under one authority.
A dairy processing plant in Dumfries and Galloway is to receive £1.5m in investment.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association following violent scenes at the 2013 Uefa Under-21 Championship.
Johnny Depp's management company is suing the actor for more than $60m (£45m) in damages, according to reports.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the team's new director of cricket.
The head of the Church in Wales has said he was "not against organ donation at all".
Wales should be central to the debate on the future of the UK, Stephen Crabb has said.
Championship side Wycombe Wanderers have signed Burnley full-back Jordan O'Neill on loan until the end of the season.
Matt Quigley scored twice as Livingston came from behind to beat Tranmere Rovers in the Scottish League Cup.
A council leader has said it has "no choice" but to raise council tax by 15% in a bid to save £450m from its annual budget.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said he will lift a ban on the activities of Somali-linked firms, which he says are linked to terrorism.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the National League after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest level since records began, official figures show.
Russia's military has accused a Dutch submarine of trying to evade its radar while on a secret mission in the Mediterranean.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie.
Bradford has been named as the "curry capital of Britain" by the BBC's Curry Capital of Britain competition.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK singles chart.
Up to 20,000 Syrians have arrived at the border crossing between Turkey and Syria, the UN says.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash in the north-western state of Veracruz.
Kenya's voters have returned to the polls, five years after violence marred the country's first general election.
Celtic and Linfield have agreed a new date for the first leg of their Champions League second qualifying round tie.
Leicestershire Airport is to close for two days on Friday and Saturday to carry out the refurbishment of its runway.
A man has been left in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a street.
The mayor of Bristol has paid tribute to Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 87.
Derby County have signed striker James Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book club has emerged in London and New York.
Former Northern Ireland rugby star David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed New Zealand international prop Nic White and Jersey prop Nic Freeman on two-year deals.
Burundi, one of Africa's poorest countries, is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients who were treated like animals in a mental health unit.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan does not step down as Scotland manager.
Merseyrail workers are to stage a second strike in a row with the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union ahead of the Grand National.
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by the popular pop singer Khaled Sayeed, who has received death threats.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after being stopped by police on the M4 in Newmarket.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City wing-back Danny Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Jack Raggett's first-half goal earned Dover victory over Welling to move them out of the National League relegation zone.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, dragged down by Wal-Mart shares.
More than 150 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland following heavy rain.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man suspected of shooting dead a group of naturists on a beach.
Chinese fashion designer Yulian Chen has become the first woman in the world to shave her armpits.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest after tests showed he had abnormal blood readings.
At least 80 people have been arrested in Egypt over the transfer of two uninhabited islands to Saudi Arabia, officials say.
Sports Direct, the owner of the Shirebrook retail chain, has said it will cut its full-year profit by £10m because of the volatility of the pound against the dollar.
Ed Sheeran has driven on a race track for the first time in the new series of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage has been given the go-ahead to appear on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
More needs to be done to tackle waiting times for heart and knee surgery in Wales, surgeons have warned.
A former Koran Studies teacher has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting girls at a Cardiff mosque.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open with a straight-set win.
The story of Zheng He, the Chinese admiral who led one of the world's most important conquests, is being re-told in Kenya.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see Oliver Griffiths join the British and Irish Lions.
Formula 1 has announced it will end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after 2019.
Charles Dickens' writing desk and chair have been bought by the National Heritage Memorial Fund for permanent display.
Egypt's constitutional court has suspended the formation of a committee to draft a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which says players must not reveal undergarments that show political, religious, personal slogans.
What do you do if you're a porker?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its tax-avoidance probe into Apple.
Great Britain's women have named four players in their squad for the Rio Olympics.
Plans to revamp town centres in north Wales have been given £10m of funding.
MPs have launched a new website for e-petitions which will allow them to be considered for debate in Parliament.
Craig Venter is one of the most celebrated scientists in the world.
A hospital has declared a "black alert" over an outbreak of norovirus which has forced operations to be cancelled.
Great Britain reached the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a comfortable victory over Japan.
Theresa May's announcement that she is to be the next prime minister of the European Union has been met with a mixture of shock and surprise.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have admitted raping and assaulting a woman in a "house of horrors".
The Scottish government has announced a £12.5m fund to help those made redundant by the oil and gas industry.
Plans for a £1m cycling facility in Pembrokeshire have been approved by the Welsh government.
A security guard was hit by a car as he tried to break into a supermarket in South Lanarkshire.
Celtic Energy's chief executive has said the company will continue to operate in Wales to help pay for restoration costs.
Mae'r tân ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi llwyr ddiffodd gan fod y llanw wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag mynd ato.
Chelsea returned to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable victory over Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
The success of Channel 4's teen drama Skins was a huge success.
Armed police officers in Scotland have been praised for their actions on more than 1,000 occasions since October 2014, according to Police Scotland.
It's been a strange week for central banks in the developed world.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with raping a teenage girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle is to direct the opening night film of the Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new osprey has laid her first egg at a wildlife reserve in the Scottish Borders.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has said Britain would not have the same influence on the EU as if it were outside the bloc.
Global demand for energy has slowed, according to a report by oil giant BP.
A minister has said he will follow recommendations from an inquiry into infant cremation in Shropshire.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Carlisle United manager Paul Curle says he is ready to leave the club if the club can't match his ambition.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a beach in Gwynedd.
A Dorset backpacker who went missing in Thailand has been found safe and well.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" over immigration.
The head of Queen's University in Londonderry has said higher education in Northern Ireland is already in trouble.
Dog walkers in a Gloucestershire borough have been fined for walking five dogs in two packs.
A judicial review is to be held into the handling of the Kincora boys' home abuse scandal in Northern Ireland.
Two British tourists who were missing in Nepal for more than a week have been found safe and well, their family has said.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have been promoted to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time, says head coach Chris Clements.
Owen MacNiallais scored two late goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh to set up a provincial semi-final against Monaghan.
Derby County manager Slavisa Jokanovic says Fulham striker James Martin will not be sent back to the club.
Mining in Uganda's Mubende district is one of the most dangerous and dangerous areas in the country.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped the government's target of achieving a budget surplus by 2020.
Voting is under way in Switzerland to elect a successor to Sepp Blatter as president of world football's governing body Fifa.
Three men have been jailed for life for beating a lecturer to death with a hammer at his home.
Hull FC will play Castleford Tigers in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
The number of licensed taxi and private hire car drivers in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
John Cleese has received mixed reviews from critics of his new comedy tour, which has opened in the UK.
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Adebayo Macheda on loan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the business model used by people smugglers to smuggle migrants into the world.
A photographer has captured the spectacular display of the Aurora Borealis over Scotland.
A police community support officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
A Hong Kong ultramarathon has been held in the heart of the city, with more than 1,000 competitors taking part in the race.
A Northamptonshire firm is to close its distribution centre in Pontyclun with the loss of 54 jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the potential of digital education in Africa.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £20,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): US stocks closed at a record high on Friday, boosted by a strong jobs report.
There is a big difference between the number of nurses working in England and how many people working in the NHS.
Workers at the oldest department store in Londonderry have said they are "devastated" by the loss of jobs.
Mobile phone operator Three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges for people travelling abroad.
The family of a British woman found dead in Thailand have been told they can leave the country.
Boris Johnson has ruled himself out of the race to become the next Conservative leader.
Virtual doctors in the UK are helping millions of people in sub-Saharan Africa with vital medical care.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death in north Belfast on Saturday have paid tribute to a "com composed and caring son".
When John Thirlwell first started his own chocolate business he thought he was going to make chocolate the hero.
The US military has carried out a sea burial of Osama Bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda, in the Gulf of Aden.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 index higher on Wednesday.
The trial of County Louth farmer Michael Murphy has been adjourned until next week.
Small and medium-sized firms in the UK will get a £1,000 tax cut from next April, the chancellor has announced.
Wales winger Rhys Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to be fit for the World Cup, says former Scarlets captain Steve James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
A new DNA profile has been discovered in the search for a teenager who went missing 21 years ago.
Shrewsbury Town have signed midfielder Ryan McGinty on a season-long loan deal.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg during a training session.
Israeli troops have fired tear gas and rubber bullets at Palestinians as clashes continue in Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank.
Online booking service Booking.com has said it is seeking €356m (£290m) in damages from French tax authorities over an audit of its accounts.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has rejected proposals to introduce a five-minute waiting time for drivers in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans won stage 20 of the Tour de France for the first time in his career as BMC Racing won the time-trial.
The Nigerian army has detained more than 100 children suspected of being abducted by Boko Haram militants, the UN says.
Britain's Katie Murray missed out on a place in the final of the women's team event at the European Swimming Championships.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has offered to help workers affected by the US government shutdown.
Taylor Swift's management company is "giving her work away for free", a photographer has said.
A father who took his children on holiday during term time has raised more than Â£25,000 in a crowdfunding campaign.
A US clerk who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has been ordered to appear in court.
There are few countries in the world where the Paralympics are more important than Ukraine.
The Police Ombudsman's Office has suspended the release of any further sensitive information to the Police Federation of Northern Ireland.
The number of school crossing patrollers in Scotland has fallen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to new figures.
Japan's Nikkei index closed lower on Wednesday, dragged lower by Toshiba shares.
Transport for London (TfL) fares are to freeze for the first time in eight years, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said he still believes sterling is the right currency for Scotland.
A rare opal found in South Australia more than 100 years ago has gone on display for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on a mudbank off the Kent coast has shocked the world.
BBC School Report's News Day covers some of the biggest stories of the year so far.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "taking sides in current political arguments" over the renewal of Trident.
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor.
A robot that can tell you if a dish is good or bad has been developed in Bangkok.
Smacking is a "clear violation" of children's human rights, according to a new report.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Paul Paver says the club's first-choice prop Josh Chapman has taken the "bull by the horns".
Newcastle extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory over Aston Villa.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed ex-Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers in the race to succeed Brendan Rodgers.
The partner of a transgender woman who died at a prison has written an open letter saying she "can't stop crying".
Thailand has been downgraded to Category 2 by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to meet safety standards.
The Ghostbusters remake has received mixed reviews from critics, with some calling it "mean-spirited".
A woman has died after a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire.
Buy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay an extra surcharge on stamp duty from next year, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
A large fire has broken out on the M4 in Aberdeenshire, forcing the closure of the motorway.
A £1m project to turn a quarry into a museum has been given the go-ahead.
A Celtic League group has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant on the Isle of Man.
Gianluigi Imbula scored his first Premier League goal for Stoke as they thrashed Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child has criticised the way police handled the case.
Oldham Athletic have offered free entry to their League One game against Brentford on Saturday.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested the French ambassador to India after a complaint was lodged against him.
Britain's Katie Trott claimed her second gold medal of the World Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's scratch.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer.
The US has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter has been jailed.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, helped by a surge in imports.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the NBA's all-time leading scorer.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two teenage girls.
The death of Reinhard Heydrich during World War Two has inspired a new film.
A chronology of key events:1 May - Iceland's independence from Denmark.
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted taking a prescription drug known as Stilnox ahead of the Rio Games.
The funeral of former Coronation Street writer Ian Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, a former British colony in the Indian Ocean, is one of the world's most stable democracies.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" after a £10bn infrastructure deal with a Chinese consortium collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry.
Scottish ministers have held talks with Norway's foreign minister about the possibility of Scotland joining the European Economic Area (EFTA).
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been barred from voting in regional elections.
Somerset eased to a seven-wicket win over Hampshire in the first one-day international at Taunton.
South Africa's law reform commission has called for the removal of Christmas Day and Ascension Day from the holiday calendar.
A nativity set has been stolen from a church nativity scene in Glasgow.
Nigeria's main opposition party has lost control of most of the country's most populous state, Kaduna.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Anfield and Walton Hall Park in north Liverpool.
Carlitos Tevez has left Manchester United to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A court has issued a public nudity order for a man who has been convicted of outraging public decency.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received more than £5m in donations to its fundraising appeal.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they came from behind to beat Middlesbrough.
Bristol have sacked head coach Mark Tainton following an "extremely disappointing" start to the season.
Mae arwain y tîm ar gyfer y gêm wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol i'r Scarlets.
When you think of computing, you might think of a cloud.
The collapse of Iceland's three largest banks has led to the collapse of the country's banking system.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during a visit to the island.
Last month, two journalists were shot dead in Mexico City.
Shares in Yum Brands, the owner of fast food chain Taco Bell, have risen more than 5% after the company reported a profit in China.
Northern Ireland is to host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games in the Bahamas.
US President Donald Trump and his Republican counterpart Nancy Pelosi have withdrawn their healthcare bill after it was defeated in the House of Representatives.
It's been a busy few days for the world of entertainment.
Leigh Day, the firm behind the Grenfell Tower fire, has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating a poster it put up in the wake of the fire.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison are "significantly higher" than in similar prisons in England and Wales, inspectors have said.
New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art is being accused of violating a law that requires visitors to pay the full $25 admission fee.
Hillary Clinton has hit back at her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, accusing him of not being a progressive.
Alloa Athletic have signed former St Mirren boss Gary Ross as their new manager on a two-year deal.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" whether he will get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement has backed defender Alfie Mawson to continue his fine form.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Kent have been branded "unacceptable" by conservationists.
Bog snorkelling has been added to the Winter Olympics in Pembrokeshire.
Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas.
A second independence referendum will not be held in 2017, the first minister has said.
A witness at the Hillsborough inquests has said he conceded to a doctor's medical superiority when it was suggested a teenager could not have been alive when he tried to revive him.
A Bristol fire authority has been ordered to carry out a statutory inspection over claims it failed to improve the quality of its services.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have risen after a week of volatile trading in China.
Kimi Raikkonen and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg set the pace in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge should be fully operational by the end of the festive season if the Scottish government fixes a fault, the transport minister has said.
An investigation has been launched into the financial situation of a hospital trust.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found on a motorway in Dorset.
Comedian Sandi Toksvig has said she would be a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows.
A Scottish man who died in a helicopter crash in Norway last month has been named as the victim of a "catastrophic failure" of the rotor system.
Town centres in the Scottish Borders have seen a rise in visitor numbers, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence are to be offered one-to-one support in a bid to reduce the number of violent partners in the UK.
Ospreys wing Keelan Amos has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Anthony Joshua has a "chink in his armour" ahead of his world heavyweight title fight with Wladimir Klitschko, says WBC heavyweight champion Lewis.
Two Blackpool fans are taking legal action against the club over comments they made on an online forum about the club.
A 71-year-old man has died after his car crashed into a tree in Shropshire.
Derry's hopes of reaching the All-Ireland Football semi-finals suffered a major blow as they were knocked out of the competition by Mayo in extra time.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says captain Stevie Smith has shown the courage to play through his injury problems.
Chaz Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike Championship to five points with victory over Welshman Chaz Davies in Valencia.
More than one in 10 students in independent schools in England receive extra time for their GCSE and A-level exams.
South Sydney Rabbitohs full-back Sam Burgess has joined the New York Giants on a two-year deal.
Doncaster kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a thumping victory at Stevenage.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether Nepal's citizenship system discriminates against women.
Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat Super League leaders St Helens and move up to second in the table.
Manchester United's final game at Old Trafford ended in defeat as West Ham left the Boleyn Ground with their fate in their own hands.
Germany will host the opening stage of the 2016 Grand Depart, which will be held in the country's capital, Berlin.
A report into the care of dementia patients at a hospital in Edinburgh has found "serious concern" about staff shortages.
Eight people have been charged in connection with a multi-million pound prostitution ring, police have said.
A former Guatemalan army general has been shot dead while driving his car in the capital, officials say.
The producer of the Oscar-winning film Rocky has died at the age of 83.
The 1966 World Cup final between England and West Germany has been marked with a special ceremony.
A new unit to tackle online hate crime has been set up by London's mayor.
Virtual private networks (VPNs) are one of the most popular ways of accessing the internet.
Shares in Danish brewer, Carlsberg, have fallen sharply after it reported a fall in sales in the first half of the year.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have visited the site where he was last seen 20 years ago.
Drivers in the UK are to stage a series of strikes in a row over jobs and privatisation.
Carlisle United and Cambridge United were held to a goalless draw in League Two.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The government is taking legal action against the new owners of Manston Airport.
In the dimly lit room of the University Hospital in the Central African Republic's capital, Bambari, a young mother and her two-year-old son lay in bed.
Britain's Chris Froch says he will retire from boxing at the end of the year.
The MP for Colchester, Peter Quince, has been speaking to BBC Essex about the value of regional theatres.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Azores, US officials say.
The UK government is to publish the Wales Bill "as early as possible" in the parliamentary session, the Queen has said.
Glasgow Warriors fly-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Six men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle heroin worth more than £5m into the UK.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food in the past year, according to a survey.
A council has said it has had to place six children into residential care outside of Kent because of the migrant crisis.
England rugby players are earning "huge amounts of money for the game", says the players' union's chief executive Mark Hopley.
A man who grew cannabis on a "moderate but commercial scale" has been jailed for eight years.
Authorities in Florida are searching for a snake that escaped from its owner's home.
Glenavon have been given a suspended six-month ban by the Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control their players in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Glentoran.
Two men have died after their light aircraft crashed in Powys.
Kent's hopes of clinching the Division Two title suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 183 by Northants on day one.
Three al-Jazeera journalists have gone on trial in Egypt accused of spreading false news.
A British man who says he was tortured by the UK during the 9/11 attacks is to have his case heard at the Supreme Court.
A woman who applied for a visa to travel to New Zealand after her grandfather died has been refused the right to apply.
A man who stabbed a Muslim man to death on a train has been cleared of attempted murder by a judge.
A major road in the Highlands has been closed after heavy rain caused landslips.
The Welsh Government has expressed concern about plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios.
The Fab Four have topped the UK singles chart for the first time in more than 50 years.
Britain's Mark Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a fractured leg in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Lady Warsi is one of the most powerful figures in the Conservative Party.
Novak Djokovic has been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Olympics in Rio.
A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama in connection with the abduction of an Egyptian cleric, Italian media report.
Mark Milkins says he felt "under pressure" as he reached the second round of the UK Championship for the first time in his career.
Irish police have carried out a major search operation in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final.
Plans to store the Newport Ship have been approved by councillors.
Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is "absolutely innocent" of assaulting a woman during a news conference, his campaign has said.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the death of a coal miner at a recycling yard in County Antrim in March 2013.
Thousands of people are being forced into unlicensed homes in Southampton because of a lack of affordable housing, a council has said.
A robot that can recognise the human voice is to be used in two hospitals in Germany, one in Liege and one in Ostend.
Malnutrition is a big issue in the NHS, according to the charity Age UK.
The brother of one of the victims of the Bloody Sunday massacre has called for a march by veterans to be banned.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign aimed at boosting manufacturing, saying the country must "shift out".
The Ivorian Football Federation (NFF) has approved the appointment of Ivorian coach Keshi as its new national team coach.
Human remains believed to be those of missing mother-of-two Michelle Tiffney have been found in Fife.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says the club's transfer embargo should be cleared by the end of the week.
A house has been damaged in a crash involving a lorry and a taxi.
Mark Nordtveit and Mehmet Elyounoussi scored as Northern Ireland lost 3-0 to Norway in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Belfast.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A 33-year-old man has been shot dead at a party in Surrey.
David Cameron has signed a deal to renegotiate the UK's membership of the European Union.
A discount scheme for young people on bus travel has been extended by the Welsh Government.
A woman who embezzled more than £600,000 from an oil and gas company has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
About 650 jobs are to be lost in Aberdeen and London as a result of a global reorganization.
Online sellers could be targeted by the UK's tax authority as part of a wider crackdown on the "hidden economy".
Have you ever wondered why hauls of gold and silver are so popular in the UK?
A song about using a pen to write a song has gone viral in Japan.
A university lecturer has donated an organ to help save the life of a rugby player who collapsed and died.
Leicester City's unbeaten start to the Premier League came to an end as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were two of the most influential artists in New York City in the early 1980s.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over disorder at the Euro 2016 qualifier between England and Lithuania on Saturday.
Newport County are "expecting to be honoured" with their lease to use Rodney Parade, says chief executive Mark Foxall.
Scottish golfer Mark Lawrie says he is going to have surgery on his foot this winter.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" on a website that encouraged other men to masturbate has been jailed for seven years.
The Irish embassy in the US has written to the Irish government asking for a swift reply to concerns it would be seen as a "rollicking farce".
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend.
An Italian lawyer has been shot dead in Australia, police say.
Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player David Flower.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A disabled pensioner has been reunited with his mobility scooter after being stopped by police on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre in South Sudan.
Derek McInnes has praised Shay Logan's commitment to his family after the defender signed a new contract with Pittodrie.
A service has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of World War One.
Joss Whedon has said he deleted his Twitter account after receiving criticism for his portrayal of female characters.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OLPC) has received a $1.5m (Â£1.1m) grant to develop its next laptop.
The US Copyright Office has ruled that car owners are entitled to modify their vehicles' software.
American Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a mild heart attack during the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
England's hopes of reaching the Women's World Twenty20 final suffered a major blow as they were beaten by Australia by nine wickets in the semi-final in Mumbai.
Oil prices have fallen sharply in the wake of OPEC's decision to keep production at record levels.
The Soloist building in Belfast has been bought by a London-based firm.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet US National Security Agency (NSA) leaker Edward Snowden in Washington later.
Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a three-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
In the shade of a tree in the north-east of South Sudan's capital, Salva Kiir, the sun is shining brightly.
When the acid attack in Paris in 2005 left the woman who survived the attack in a coma with severe head injuries.
Police investigating the deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, have ruled out carbon monoxide poisoning.
Theresa May's speech on the eve of the general election was very much like the one she delivered on the same day last year.
Scotland is to introduce mandatory nursing and midwifery staffing levels.
Ukrainian officials and the media have been accusing the far-right of being a menace in the country's politics.
The EU and International Monetary Fund (IMF) say they remain "confident" that a deal can be reached on Greece's debt crisis before the end of the month.
The survival rate of a five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer has halved, doctors have told the BBC.
Dogs could be banned from public places in Wrexham.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A55 near Bangor.
Joe Carson's first-half save earned Portsmouth a goalless draw at home to Hartlepool.
A turtle that washed up on a beach in the Isle of Wight is being cared for by vets.
Rohit Singh is a day labourer at the Gandak river bank in the northern Indian state of Bihar.
The legal drink-driving limit in England and Wales should be lowered to the limit of 50mg/100ml, according to the Alcohol Health Alliance.
The deaths of Sian Blake and her two young sons are to be investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC).
Motherwell have signed former Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid midfielder David Pearson on a short-term deal.
A six-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed former NFL player Kim Welter as their new head coach.
Political parties should stop talking about the EU in terms that people don't understand, a leading Welsh politician has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he saw a video of Iranians loading crates of currency from a US plane.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Peter Robinson has denied any involvement in a controversial renewable energy scheme.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over comments it made about the city's image.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted to keep interest rates unchanged.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will have to "take maybe a step back a few times" as he prepares for Friday's one-day international against West Indies.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the EU, Labour MP Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a new technology park for the University of Bognor Regis have been unveiled.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored a hat-trick as Saracens thrashed Oyonnax in the Champions Cup quarter-finals.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase in Sussex has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Actress Angelina Jolie and fashion designer Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC's Woman's Hour Power List 2015.
When Fraser Choe was first hired to run a hotel chain in Singapore in 1997, he was told he would have to work hard to get the business off the ground.
Derby County were held to a goalless draw by Brentford in the Championship.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Tony Blair says the club will be working hard to keep the best players in the squad at Scotstoun.
Olympic cyclist Dani King has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been stranded in the middle of the M1 motorway.
West Ham captain Jamie Vardy has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City "still have time to put things right" despite being booed off the field.
Up to 10cm of snow has fallen in parts of England, causing travel chaos and travel disruption.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of hundreds of plague victims buried in a cave in the Czech Republic.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school have met with independent counsellors to help a father who is critically ill after being hit by a car.
US airlines Delta and United have announced they will stop carrying trophies from the Cecil the lion hunt in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos chairman Nigel Wood says the sport needs a "credible plan" to improve its presence in the capital.
EU leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis.
A police officer has been arrested after an anonymous tip-off that an officer was to be kidnapped as part of a terror plot.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a crowd in New Orleans, police say.
Southend Council and Visit Southend have called for comedian Chris O'Grady to be given a tour of the town.
It is not every day that you get a job delivering healthy snacks to your doorstep.
There are many ways to measure the story of Barack Obama's presidency.
Former Archbishop of South Africa Desmond Tutu has said he would support assisted dying.
Monarch Airlines has said it is still waiting to see what the world has in store after the terror attacks in Paris.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a teenager in a Dumfries and Galloway village.
Tesla shares have risen after the company said it was increasing production of its cars.
"I have only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol fly-half Luke Arscott has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
A primary school in Gloucestershire has banned pupils from playing British Bulldog.
Business confidence in Northern Ireland is at its lowest level for more than two years, according to a new report.
"I can never get those years back - the police must stop failing families in this way."
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans to build a giant dragon sculpture in Wrexham have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says the club's relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing".
A witness has told a court she was sexually abused and forced to have sex most days by a man accused of child abuse in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to be "simple, balanced, consistent, capable of seeing and doing what is essential" in their lives.
A court in China's Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur academic Abdul Fattah Tohti.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has survived his first zip wire experience at the Paralympics.
Reading and Fulham have played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
Northern Ireland's World Cup qualifier against Republic of Ireland on Saturday has been postponed because of a crash involving a lorry.
Middlesbrough boss Lee Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 2-1 defeat by Hull City.
At least eight people have been killed in a shootout with police in northern Mexico, officials say.
Parents are being told their children will no longer be able to go to school in their local authority.
Disney animation The Lion King has been inducted into the American Film Institute's Hall of Fame.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he is "more than happy" to be part of a strong England batting line-up for the next two Tests.
A woman accused of indecently assaulting a child has told a court she was "hoping to get money from this".
Ireland were beaten by Afghanistan by six wickets in their Intercontinental Cup match in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after an attack on a teacher and two pupils on a train.
Bristol Rovers missed the chance to move into the Scottish League One play-off places as they were held to a draw by Airdrieonians.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says amateur boxers will not be able to compete at the Rio Olympics if the sport's rules are changed.
A wreath-laying ceremony has been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran over its behaviour in the Middle East.
This year's GCSE results will be the last to be marked under the new grading system, says the exam regulator Ofqual.
The government has announced the final three bidders for two new rail franchises in the north of England.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat overturned in Torbay harbour.
Two human rights groups have called for the remit of an inquiry into historical child abuse to be widened.
Intel has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with slowing demand for its PC chips.
The prime minister is to discuss whether the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia.
The Welsh government has announced a £3.5m loan package for airlines and transport projects.
A letter written by a first-time mum has been found at a supermarket in Yorkshire.
At least 22 people have been killed in two suicide bomb attacks in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
A maternity unit is to be introduced at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness, the health board has announced.
A new curriculum for secondary schools in Scotland has been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
A letter written by the Queen about her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for £14,400.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood was 14 when she left school.
Plans for a third runway at Heathrow Airport have been "far more critically" than previously thought, according to a new study.
Organisers of the Davis Cup final in Belgium say they are "very confident" the tie will go ahead despite a security alert in the country.
At least 10 people have been killed after a plane crashed into a minivan at a busy airport in Ghana's capital, Accra.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 19-year-old who had befriended him.
A former prison officer's daughter has been appointed as the new justice minister for Northern Ireland.
Bristol Rovers manager Lee Clarke says the club's owners are "fully behind" his job despite their takeover of the club.
A Japanese company has been charged with overwork after the death of a female employee.
It's the start of the second round of the FA Cup.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the lack of maintenance in the country.
A cyclist has died after collapsing while raising money for a hospice.
Permian, Khalidi and Cracksman have been added to the line-up for the Cheltenham Gold Cup at Aintree.
Output in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
At least three people have been killed in an attack on a salsa bar in the French capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has signed a new three-year contract with Paris St-Germain.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" at the club.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Republic of Ireland striker Michael Morrison on a one-year deal.
Attendances at UK sporting events rose by 6% in 2015, according to research by Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from treating patients after a woman said she was "butchered and robbed of her life savings".
Costa Concordia captain Massimo Schettino has been jailed for 10 years for causing the sinking of the Italian cruise ship.
At London 2012, 12 British Olympians won medals.
Jade Jones could become the next Ronda Rousey when she competes at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, says Welsh taekwondo coach John Johns.
Photographs of people dressed in their workwear have gone on show in Brighton.
Gloucestershire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
A rail operator is to double the number of trains it operates in the valleys.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology to add depth-sensing cameras to its front and rear cameras.
Thousands of Russian-speakers are marching through the streets of Riga, Latvia, to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Preparations are being made to protect areas at risk of flooding in north Wales following heavy rain.
A Brazilian judge has ordered the arrest of former President Eduardo Cunha as part of a corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Moore, who is partially sighted, has been featured in a new film about life changing moments.
Theresa May's letter to David Cameron outlining the return of devolved powers to the UK has been met with a mixed response from the first minister.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight the Islamist militant group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
A fisherman has been fined £20,000 after a man collapsed on a petrol pump in a field off the Aberdeenshire coast.
Welsh MPs should be allowed to speak in the House of Commons on issues that concern them, an MP has said.
Police investigating a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim have said they have found a "substantial number" of explosive devices.
At least 35 people have been killed in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, local media report.
A chronology of key events:Key events:
Wales midfielder Ben Vokes says his side have been unlucky in their World Cup qualifying campaign.
Former American football star OJ Simpson is to give evidence at a Las Vegas court on Monday in his bid to have his murder conviction overturned.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Michael Sammon on a two-year deal.
German cyclist Andreas Kreuziger has been cleared to race in the Tour de France despite being banned for two years.
The Stakeknife inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people in Northern Ireland is being used as a political football to beat the British government with, it has been claimed.
An organic farmer has said Tesco's use of an image of him pulling carrots on a farm was a "marketing blunder".
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Facebook's headquarters in San Francisco on Tuesday, he was greeted with a huge outpouring of support.
Former Genk boss Alex McLeish has been appointed head coach of Egyptian side Zamalek.
Eritrea's government has been accused by the United Nations of human rights abuses, including the killing of seven seven-year-olds.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video appeared to show him punching a man in the face.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees was best known for her role in Poldark in the 1970s.
Environmental groups have called for the use of district heating in Scotland to be made more widely available.
People who leave rubbish outside wheelie bins in Flintshire will face fines of up to £10,000.
The family of a student who died in a crash have paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour".
If you want to know why Europe is struggling to cope with the influx of tourists, take a look at some of the country's most famous tourist attractions.
A music festival has been cancelled due to "extremely severe weather conditions", organisers have said.
India's Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers and Mitchell McClenaghan will all play for Rising Pune Supergiants in the Indian Premier League.
Google has made a breakthrough in its attempt to deliver internet connectivity to rural areas.
Plans for a new Army support depot in Gloucestershire have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence.
Police in Northern Ireland have seized more than £100,000 worth of drugs in a three-month crackdown.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been found at a house in Inverness.
Immigration to the UK could be cut by up to 100,000 a year if the UK voted to leave the European Union, a report suggests.
The government is in breach of its obligations to improve air quality in the UK, a High Court judge has ruled.
Lawyers for convicted murderer Syed Ali Syed have been given permission to present new evidence in his murder trial.
Three pieces of gold worth more than £1,000 have been found hidden in gardens in Wiltshire.
A diver who failed to use his own equipment to retrieve golf balls has been jailed.
A man has died in hospital following a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is a "key player" for the club.
The Stormont Executive has failed to produce a budget for the current financial year.
The father of a toddler detained in Iran is to present a birthday card to his daughter later.
Scientists in California say they have made the first human foetuses in the world.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to violence in the capital, Pretoria.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous novels of all time.
Christmas tree lighting in Caerphilly town centre has been cancelled because of budget cuts.
French Ligue 1 club Marseille have agreed a deal to sell the club to French businessman Francois McCourt.
Sir Chris Hoy has been voted as the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
A woman who was taken to Saudi Arabia by her father after she kissed a guy has been told she must return by 11 September.
Cafodd y goeden Bwylaidd 1,400 oed yn fwy o bleidleisiau ym Mrwsel nos Fawrth yn dilyn ymgyrch gan bobl yr ardal a thu hwnt.
MPs are to debate plans to allow English MPs to vote on laws affecting England only.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a new study.
The Northern Ireland Executive's plan for a new rate of corporation tax has been put on hold.
Plans to expand Oxford's tram system have gone on public display.
Gay rights activists in the Russian republic of Chechnya have accused the authorities of a crackdown on gay people in the region.
Nico Rosberg says there is an "urgent" fightback from Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Russia has imposed a law that restricts access to social media sites, including the blog of opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
Spanish police say they have arrested dozens of people suspected of running a huge smuggling ring in the textile sector.
Six people have been killed on a train in Germany, police say.
Nottingham Forest manager Rob Davies says he would be delighted to return to the club.
Mo Farah became the first Briton to win 10,000m gold and four 4x100m relay medals at the World Championships.
Theresa May has said the death of her son David "changed" her husband's politics.
Police have warned people about the dangers of conning people out of thousands of pounds.
A Catholic priest who helped minister the last rites of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1988 has died.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola says he is "the coach of extraordinary players" after his side reached the Champions League semi-finals.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to work together to improve the way they deal with milk processors.
A woman and a five-year-old girl have died after being hit by a car on a motorway.
Fifa has approved tougher anti-racism measures, including five-match suspensions for racist incidents.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-year deal.
A man has died in a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault after a complaint was made to police.
Welsh referee Steve Owens says he will retire from the game at the end of the World Cup.
Five people have been charged in connection with the killing of a Palestinian man in Israel last month, officials say.
Real Madrid's Kaka has been named in Brazil's squad for the Copa America later this month.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of its control room in Dundee.
A man is to stand trial accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Cardiff AMs have said they would support a ban on letting agency fees.
Plastic surgeons in England are to be given a two-week cooling-off period before deciding whether to carry out cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards' injury-time penalty gave Blackburn victory in the FA Cup quarter-finals at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have a trade-off between having bigger vocal folds and having bigger testes, a study suggests.
Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison in the US for hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account.
Thousands of people travelling to and from Cardiff will be able to use the city's main railway station on Saturday in a bid to reduce long queues.
The head of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has said it is likely that many survivors will apply to give evidence.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai who was attacked by a man wielding a knife has told the BBC he fears for his life.
More Welsh-speaking teachers are to be recruited in Wales to help meet the government's target of 100,000 by 2020.
Three nurses who mistreated a man who suffered a brain haemorrhage have been given caution orders.
A snowman and a tortoise have been donated to recycling centres in Surrey in a bid to boost recycling rates.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump tweeted that the Paris attacks were "a very terrible thing that is going on in the world today".
A US military base in Washington state has been charged with the murder of a soldier who was killed in a car chase.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris James has become the latest celebrity to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia.
A charity which aims to improve the quality of life on the Isle of Man has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the government.
Britain's James Ward produced a dramatic final-set comeback to beat John Isner and reach the quarter-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin and cannabis into a Dundee prison has been jailed for five years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University following concerns about the safe storage of chemicals.
Gambling revenue in Macau reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened an exhibition in Athens, documenting his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq war is to be questioned by MPs about the way the inquiry was carried out.
Mae clywodd ei lladd wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach.
The pound has fallen to new lows against the dollar after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
There has been a "startling disconnect" between policies encouraging whistleblowing and what happens in practice, MPs have said.
Sydney Harbour has switched off its lights for the first time in more than a decade as part of the city's annual Green Light Night.
Thousands of people have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who was found dead in North Korea last year.
Britain's Harry Maguire says he is "embarrassed" by his failure to qualify for the second round of the World Championship.
Germany's far-right Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) party has won a landslide victory in the country's general election.
One in every four men in the world is a daily smoker, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the drivers of not putting on a "very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined £1.5m after it released a chemical which could have caused multiple deaths.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are due to meet the prime minister in London later.
Taliban leader Mullah Mohammad Mansour has been killed in a gunfight in southern Afghanistan, the BBC has learned.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer.
A man who was found dead at a house in Leicestershire has been named by police.
A man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in Glasgow city centre.
Ticket restrictions have been lifted at Chester's League Two match with Wrexham after no arrests were made.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed midfielder Tomasz Klich on a season-long loan deal.
Police are investigating after paint was poured on the front of Belfast City Hall.
Ecuador is to protest to the UK over the cost of policing its embassy in London.
Talks aimed at ending the conflict in Syria are taking place in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims Algeria's goalball team failed to turn up for the Rio Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach Europe by boat.
Plans for a new tennis court for Buckingham Palace have been submitted to the council.
The UK government's resettlement programme for Syrian refugees is facing "significant challenges", the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men in Lisburn, County Antrim.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a satellite into orbit around the Sun.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Nicola Sturgeon's move to push for a second independence referendum.
The Northern Ireland economy has grown in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Rowing is a sport which is more than a decade older than football but it is still one of the most fiercely contested in the world.
Nationwide has reported a fall in mortgage lending in the first three months of the year.
A Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian military jet in Turkey last month has found no evidence that the plane was shot down, officials say.
Kent have signed South African batsman Sean Dickson for the T20 Blast.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who was injured when he was hit by a barbecue has said she felt "cured" by the incident.
A Labour MP is to warn that the UK's EU referendum could be the "second-longest suicide note" in the party's history.
A woman has been seriously injured in an attempted murder attack in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has told the BBC he is "sorry for football".
A new monument has been unveiled at Walt Disney World's theme park in Florida after a boy was killed by an alligator.
Michael Gove has said he would have sacked Theresa May if he had been in her shoes.
Scotland's top law officer has said it would not be in the interests of the UK or of Europe to turn its back on criminal justice co-operation.
A court in India has ordered Bollywood star Salman Khan to stand trial for culpable homicide after his car crashed into a bakery killing a man in 2002.
Residents of a new housing development in Leicester have said they wish they had moved here because of the lack of fibre optic broadband.
An Australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for helping seven men travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group.
GPs in England are being forced to cut the length of consultation they give patients by up to 10 minutes, the British Medical Association has said.
New distilleries in Scotland and England are experiencing a "period of explosive creativity", according to a new report.
The Welsh Government faces a "large negative impact" on its budget if it cuts a £50m block grant from the UK Treasury, experts have warned.
South Korea's president has said the Sewol ferry will be raised "at the earliest possible date".
The widow of a man shot dead by police said she feared her husband was going to kill himself, an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Ireland's Ryan Fitzpatrick share the lead at the halfway stage of the Honda Classic in Florida.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
The number of public parks in the UK is at a "tipping point" and council budgets are at risk of being cut, a report has warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised on social media for his "social media diplomacy".
A book borrowed from a Hereford Cathedral School has been returned to the school.
Hull City striker Lucas Clucas has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian woman has died after suffering a miscarriage and contracting an infection, her lawyer has told the Italian media.
US rock band Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against the owners of the company that runs their headquarters.
Nick Kyrgios beat Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A police officer has been jailed for 16 years for raping a woman he met through a text message.
Work is set to begin on a major resurfacing project which will increase the capacity of Scotland's largest container terminal.
Gardeners in Dumfries and Galloway are being warned to get rid of a plant which has been blighting the area.
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the company behind a popular hunting TV app to remove all content related to the sport.
A man who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died while trying to rescue his dog has paid tribute to her "best friend".
A man who carried out a knife attack on a man in his own home has been jailed for life.
Former Aberdeen, Motherwell and Rangers boss Tom Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up for the World Cup qualifiers in June.
The PSNI has launched an investigation into the resettlement of Syrian refugees in Northern Ireland.
A woman who caused the death of a woman by driving into the face of on-coming traffic has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third and final stage of the Tour de Yorkshire.
A charity has welcomed an increase in the number of reported hate crimes among transgender young people in Scotland.
A driver has been arrested after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Brazilian striker Neymar has appeared in court in Spain accused of defrauding his former club Barcelona out of millions of dollars.
Postal ballot papers for the general election in Hull have been sent out without the full list of candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Osprey Williams' final-minute try was a fitting end to a "fantastic career".
It's not every day you hear a celebrity talking about their exploits on the pitch.
A company has said it will sue the National Trust over its refusal to allow it to survey land for shale gas.
Five men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of £1m were seized during raids in Staffordshire and Northolt.
Manchester City have signed Tottenham right-back Kyle Walker for £50m.
A racoon has been rescued after jumping from a roof onto a garden shed.
A dog has been stolen from a pet shop in Edinburgh.
A Rwandan man has been extradited to Canada to face charges of inciting genocide during the 1994 genocide.
Leaving the European Union would make the UK less attractive for international students, according to a survey.
A father in Australia has been jailed for seven and a half years for forcing his 14-year-old daughter to marry a man.
The Serial podcast is to be turned into a TV series.
The current council tax system in Scotland is "unfair", according to a report.
More than 200 hens have been found homes in Wrexham in a bid to save them from extinction.
Hull FC have signed Hull FC full-back Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man whose remains were found in a lay-by may not have been reported missing, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football.
One in 10 people in the UK carries a faulty gene that increases the risk of a stroke, UK scientists say.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney charged with aiding and abetting the murder of a police officer.
Google has announced it is shutting down its Explorer programme for its Glass smart glasses.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has announced a major overhaul of the country's security apparatus.
Farming supplies firm Harbro has reported a rise in profits and turnover, despite the impact of Brexit.
US President Donald Trump has said he is considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller over his investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election.
A High Court ruling that a parent can take their children on a seven-day term-time holiday could cause "a huge amount of confusion" for schools, the shadow education secretary has said.
Burundi's opposition leader Peter Rwasa has said his wife was shot in the head during a hair appointment in the capital, Bujumbura.
Mobile operators O2 and Vodafone are to meet in London later to discuss how to speed up the rollout of 4G services.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Plans to increase the number of English football teams in five divisions have been unveiled by the Football League.
Indian restaurant owners have accused the government of "total insanity" over its immigration rules, which they claim have led to thousands of jobs being lost.
England scrum-half Chris Robshaw says his side's second-half display was "shocking" as they lost to France in Paris.
A batch of Bombay Sapphire gin has been recalled in Canada after it was found to be too high.
Professional boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering severe bleeding to his brain during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has agreed to fix software used by the transport ministry to cut nitrogen oxide pollution.
Scientists have developed a new mix of cement that will be able to prevent waste from being transported into the environment.
All the results from the T20 Blast semi-finals between Pembroke and Bready on Saturday.
A man has admitted throwing a corkscrew at Clacton fans during a League Two match.
The French National Press Association (PEN) is boycotting a literary event in New York over its support for the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
The NHS in England should not be paying more than 55% above normal shift rates for agency staff, the health regulator has said.
A glass manufacturer in County Antrim has been offered the "bare minimum" statutory redundancy, a union has said.
For three times in the past five years, Poundland has sold thousands of boxes of chocolate.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car mounted the pavement and crashed into a barrier on the Isle of Wight.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a 21-year-old man was found seriously injured in a flat in County Antrim.
In Burkina Faso, a new method of giving contraception is being developed.
The police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland is to resume investigations into historical events, following a review by the Criminal Justice Inspectorate.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
High winds have caused major disruption and disruption in parts of Wales.
A soldier has died and four others have been injured after their armoured vehicle plunged into a river in Taiwan, the army says.
Michael Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the investigation into corruption at Fifa, has died at the age of 72.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by Connacht at Kingspan Stadium.
Nine years ago, British teenager Billy Gwynne was seriously injured in a motorbike accident.
A Sunderland DIY music shop that hosted a record-breaking number of gigs is to close after being sold for student accommodation.
Luton Town have offered new contracts to five players, including goalkeeper Ben King, defender Jack Potts and midfielder Ryan King.
Algeria have signed French striker Karim Benzia on loan from Leicester until the end of the season.
England women's netball team are to be awarded central contracts for the first time in their history, says goalkeeper Hannah Housby.
South Wales Police has elected its first police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimicks the action of folic acid selectively to latch on to cancer cells has been shown to be a promising treatment for ovarian cancer.
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released a video of her last seen alive.
The KLF, the Irish pop-trance duo who were ordered to destroy all copies of their 1987 debut album Dancing Queen, are back in the music business.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after being seriously injured in a crash during testing.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in Glasgow.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed Nikki Haley as the US ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned high-ranking civil servants from travelling to China for further education.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of relegation from the Championship is "frightening" and "exciting".
More than 100 British soldiers are due to leave their barracks in southern Afghanistan next month.
Laura Pergolizzi didn't plan to become a pop star.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Former British middleweight champion Nicky Wilkins has been banned for six months for his part in a brawl with a man who left him in a coma.
A Liverpool fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster was "uncomfortably packed" in the stadium's fans' pen, inquests have heard.
The inventor of a robot that can be used to play video games is to be part of a new Scottish robotics festival.
League Two side Cambridge United will host League Two side Manchester United in the third round of the FA Cup.
Kilmarnock have made six changes to their squad, including the return of Ryan O'Donnell, Danny Smith and Joe Mafuta.
Pep Guardiola will make his first start of the season for Manchester City when they face Liverpool at the Etihad on Saturday.
Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just one season in charge.
A beekeeper died after suffering an allergic reaction to a sting to his neck, a coroner has ruled.
Forest Green came from behind to beat Torquay 5-5 in the National League.
In the north-eastern Nigerian town of Chibok, where Monica and Sarah Lawan were abducted by Boko Haram militants in April last year, Rev Mark Nwankwo says he is "the happiest man as a man of God who has brought up my daughter with that kind of faith".
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill which would make smacking children a criminal offence.
In 1952, the African Home Guard launched a counter-insurgency campaign against the Mau Mau rebels in the Kenyan Highlands.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
The Prince of Wales has been photographed playing with a crocodile in Australia's Northern Territory.
Australia umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has said the decision to sponsor the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro was "the right decision".
Crayfish are being re-introduced to the River Wye in a bid to prevent a total wipe-out of the native species.
Security staff have been evacuated from the O2 arena after a fire broke out in a restaurant.
Dallas Buyers Club has topped the North American box office chart ahead of the Oscars.
An investigation has been launched after a cloud of "inky water" appeared at Niagara Falls in the US state of New York.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Scott Hemmings.
The first ever Youth Olympics will take place in Norway on Friday.
A UKIP councillor has defected to the Democratic Independent Group.
The exam regulator Ofqual has set out five conditions for how it expects exam boards to monitor the quality of GCSE papers.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition against Houthi rebels in Yemen, officials say.
On Christmas Eve, thousands of Palestinian Christians gather in the Old City of Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
North Wales Police has been rated as "requires improvement" by the UK's most senior police watchdog.
A make-up artist who has worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on films including The Revenant has said it is "hard to beat Wales".
A six-year-old boy who needs a second stem cell transplant has been paid for by an anonymous donor.
The European Commission has fined airlines Air France, KLM and Lufthansa more than €200m (Â£195m) for alleged infringement of their rights.
Bournemouth striker Steve King says the club's mentality will not see them take the foot off the gas and relax.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal.
The thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba has been a year in the making.
French billionaire Jacques McCourt has signed a new deal to buy Marseille for an undisclosed sum.
Astronaut Emmanuel Pesquet has posted photos of the spectacular view of the European Union from his space station.
Police in Ukraine have arrested a mother and her two young children after they were found dead in a flat in Kiev.
Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton Under-21 midfielder Ryan McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
A southern bypass route could be considered as part of a £1.4bn upgrade of the A303 near Stonehenge, the BBC understands.
Saracens skipper Joe Borthwick had a busy day at work on Saturday.
The United Nations has accused Myanmar's security forces of deliberately setting fire to homes and gang-raping families.
Schools and businesses have been closed after a water main burst.
Guernsey manager Kevin Vance says his side could have done without their FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Oxford United.
Athletics has a problem with Russia, says former World Anti-Doping Agency chief David Warner.
The UK government's counter-terrorism strategy is not working to protect young Muslims from being radicalised, an MP has said.
Emmerdale fans are to be given tours of the former Coronation Street set for the first time.
Tens of thousands of teachers at a Catholic school in County Tyrone have called in sick.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Francesco Cesare looks at how Italy's rural Mafia is trying to destroy his business.
People with learning disabilities could soon be able to watch programmes using their brainwaves, the BBC has said.
A new augmented reality experience is to be offered at this year's Celtic festival.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Houvenaghel has withdrawn from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow because of a back injury.
The main draw at Wimbledon will be played on Sunday for the first time since the tournament was forced to close on Friday.
A team of Italian firefighters has been detained in Sicily for allegedly setting fires in the heatwave.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38% in the last six years, the NSPCC has said.
The US is warning airlines of a possible plot to bring down a US-bound airliner.
North Korea has said it has made "significant progress" in miniaturising its nuclear weapons.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms in a show of force in a bid to end months of heavy fighting.
Richard Keogh's header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby.
A woman who was convicted of arranging the murder of her son in 1990 in Arizona has been ordered not to stand trial again.
Emergency services at East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) have been told to improve after inspectors found staff were "inadequate".
Liam Mooy scored his first goal for Huddersfield as the Terriers moved up to second in the Championship with victory at Leeds.
A BBC reporter has gone to the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) to complain about "internal corruption and poor management" at the corporation.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in Edinburgh.
A US national park has suspended a search effort for a group of mountain guides who went missing after getting caught in an avalanche.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Queen's United cruised to a comfortable win over Queen's Park in the Scottish League Two play-off semi-final.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Australia in Brisbane.
The new chairman of India's Tata Sons has accused the firm of "emotional reasons" for its decision to sack him.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they are "still in shock and afraid" after the attacks in Paris on Saturday.
Widnes Vikings have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League after their Super League game against Widnes was abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent".
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the Republican presidential nomination.
Juan Mata scored twice as Chelsea secured their third win in four Premier League games with victory over Sunderland.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said the country has the capability to attack the US in the Pacific.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered announced plans to raise $5.1bn (£3.2bn) in a share sale.
A man has been charged with murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire.
The number of Bengal tigers living in the Sunderbans region of Bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a metatarsal fracture.
The remaining board members of Sport NI have resigned.
A malicious software that infects routers and other smart devices is being targeted by hackers, according to a security firm.
It's been a turbulent week for German football.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours.
Mexican Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned following Donald Trump's visit to the US.
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar has been described as a "perfect storm".
Lee Novak scored the only goal of the game as Fleetwood fought back to draw with Charlton.
Portsmouth's board should not be given the "only chance" to decide on the club's future, according to chairman Lee Brown.
A camera has been used to film a dead turtle on the Great Barrier Reef in the Western Isles.
Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for League One bottom side Scunthorpe at Vale Park.
Ipswich and MK Dons both missed the chance to qualify for the second round of the EFL Cup as Ryan Revell and Chris Varney scored late goals.
Former Fifa world football champion Mohamed Weah has been elected Liberia's first female president.
England's Tommy Fleetwood missed out on a place in the final round of the Shanghai Masters as Germany's Zach Wiesberger won on a penalty shoot-out.
Liverpool Ladies have signed Canada international Mandy van den Berg on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed defender Myles Anderson and midfielder Ruairi Keating on loan until the end of the season.
Belfast City Council has agreed to carry out an investigation into the storage of bonfire material in a public car park.
The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary has been compiled by the Oxford University lexicographer.
TVR is to build its next generation of cars in south Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "all over the place" as he lost his title lead at the British Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with shares in Marks and Spencer leading the way.
Portadown have been handed a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association for breaching disciplinary rules following their defeat by Ards on Wednesday.
A light aircraft has crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.
A woman who embezzled more than £100,000 from the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order.
Astronomers have identified more than a dozen giant stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have been ordered to close the Curva Sud section of their Stadio Olimpico stadium after racist chanting by fans.
Craig Tanner's second-half strike earned League Two leaders Plymouth victory over Crawley, who missed the chance to go top of the table.
Discovery Communications has agreed to buy US broadcaster Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£11bn).
Steven Caulker is "fine" after suffering a cut to his head during a QPR training session, according to the club.
Broadway star Barbra Streisand has said she is "delighted" Apple has agreed to change the pronunciation of her name.
At least two people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Egyptian capital Cairo, the interior ministry says.
The company behind a controversial increase in the price of a prescription drug has said it will cut its list price.
Derby County striker Leon Martin says he feels a lot lighter after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Scotland has been diverted to Glasgow due to a "smoke of burning on board".
The health of children in Wales has improved greatly since the 1970s and 1980s, according to a new survey.
Manufacturing and retail sales in Northern Ireland have risen at their fastest rate since the Brexit vote, according to the Ulster Bank.
Proposals for a multi-million pound development in Manchester city centre have been revised, the city council has said.
A man has died after being hit by a motorbike in South Yorkshire.
Former Crusaders and Carrick Rangers defender Michael Callaghan has been appointed as the club's new manager.
A man who threw a baby in the air and hit him on the floor has been jailed for seven years.
British number one Kyle Edmund is through to the second round of the China Open after beating Spain's Carla Garcia-Lopez.
A teenager who went missing after being dropped off at school in Leicestershire has been found dead.
Chester boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable 3-0 win over Dagenham.
National League side Yeovil Town have signed ex-York City captain Ryan Wood on a season-long loan deal.
A "serious democratic deficit" in local elections in England has been identified by the Electoral Commission, with fewer than 20% of the electorate eligible to vote.
Wales full-back Matthew Morgan has signed a new three-year contract with Cardiff Blues.
Conor Henderson has signed a new two-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports that striker Peter Crouch could leave the club in January.
A portrait of Mao by Andy Warhol has been put up for auction in Hong Kong.
Plans to build a house in a flower-shaped garden have been approved by Bolton Council's planning committee.
Channing Tatum is to play a mermaid in the new Ghostbusters film, according to reports.
Moths have been installed in Hull to commemorate the life of the woman who died in World War Two, Amy Johnson.
Britain is "on hold" until the government makes up its mind on Brexit, the new chancellor has said.
A new arts festival is to be held in London in January, the city's mayor has announced.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the opening game of the EuroHockey Championships in Stuttgart.
A council has lost a legal challenge to a fine for taking his daughter on a family trip to Disneyland.
The parents of a teenager who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said she is "like the Tasmanian devil".
A US soldier who was killed in a Taliban attack in Afghanistan has been awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery.
The government should introduce a cap on the number of unskilled migrants living in the UK, according to a new report.
A number of Crystal Palace fans have been evacuated from a London Underground station after a fire alarm went off.
Britain's Hannah Seonaid and Jennifer McIntosh have won gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in the Czech Republic.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has praised the Bank's actions in the wake of the Brexit vote.
As British skeleton team-mates Lizzie Yarnold and Amy Williams prepare to take part in the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, they will be looking to add to their medal haul.
Celtic's Nicola Adams will defend her WBA world flyweight title against American Jessie Salazar in Cardiff on Saturday.
Olympic silver medallist Liam Heath won the K1 200m kayak event in the first race of the season.
The Ellan Vannin football team have won the European Under-21 Championship for the first time.
The last of the last boats to dock in Bristol has left the city for Edinburgh.
Too many older people living in care homes have an "unacceptable quality of life", a report has said.
The right to buy in England could be doubled under government plans to boost the number of affordable homes.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by more than a third in a year.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Edinburgh.
Portsmouth have signed Belgium Under-21 international midfielder Kwesi Asamoah on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest manager Paulo Brazil says he is not aware of where the club are in terms of looking for a new manager.
Hundreds of koalas and kangaroos have been rescued from bushfires in Australia.
More needs to be done to diagnose newborn babies with a cleft lip or palate, say surgeons.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have had their jobs terminated, the BBC understands.
Mansfield Town have signed former Macclesfield Town striker David Parkin on a one-year deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to expand bus services in England and renationalise the railways.
People on low carbohydrate and low fat diets have lost an average of 7.3kg (16lb) in 12 months, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after a woman was crushed to death by heavy metal frames.
England international Laura Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has urged Super League to "give Super League a pat on the back" after winning the 2017 World Club Series.
The United Nations has agreed to allow satellites to transmit real-time data from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
Wildlife experts say China has admitted that illegal trade in tiger skins exists in the country.
The UK economy is facing a "period of relatively low growth", according to a new report.
A man who threatened to shoot police officers in Flintshire has admitted making threats to kill himself.
Dutch airline KLM has expanded its flights between Inverness and Amsterdam.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster in a thrilling Pro12 play-off.
Plans for a UK spaceport in Snowdonia have been submitted to the UK government.
Arcade Fire dominated the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury on Friday night, despite heavy rain.
The Women's World Twenty20 will be held in England from next summer, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
At least four people have been killed in an ambush by Boko Haram militants in Nigeria's north-eastern city of Maiduguri, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to Irish actor and actor Michael Lally, who has died at the age of 83.
Middlesex batsman Belly Robson hit his highest first-class score of the season against Warwickshire on day two at Edgbaston.
Global warming may not be enough to save coral reefs in shallow water, say Chinese scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after a new bailout deal for Cyprus was agreed.
A cancer sufferer has reached the summit of Mount Everest with a charity flag.
A community hall in Carmarthenshire is to be taken over by the Diocese of St Davids.
Tributes have been paid to three members of the same family killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
The quality of science lessons in Welsh schools is a "vital factor" in raising standards further, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A number of Muslims have pledged to stand guard at Jewish cemeteries across the US in response to recent bomb threats.
Two brothers have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer in a "frenzied attack".
Pop star Ed Sheeran made it through to the second half of his Parklife set at the Manchester Arena on Friday night.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton is to leave the club at the end of the season.
A senior aide to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said the centre-right UMP party was in a "horrible spiral" over its finances.
President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since taking office.
A fire on a ferry was caused by an air conditioning unit close to a bridge, Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice after a man was killed in a crash in Dubai.
Dutch cosmetics firm Nivea has apologised after a racist advert for its products was posted on its social media page.
Cambridge extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Exeter.
Former Wales international Mike Phillips has joined Premiership side Sale Sharks from French side Racing 92.
UK scientists are working on a new mapping project that could help them better understand the causes of big earthquakes.
Here is the full text of the prime minister's response to the election results.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in Johannesburg to take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
UKIP Wales MEP Nathan Gill has said he will not "double-job" as an MEP if he does not accept the party's position on the M4 relief road.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Bristol was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam after a "strong smell of smoke".
Young people in England are being offered qualifications of little worth in a "patchwork" vocational education system, a report says.
Plans to build a hydroelectric scheme on a river in Snowdonia have been shelved by the company behind the project.
A gang has been jailed for eight years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into Wales.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has been airlifted to hospital after suffering brain damage during a pre-season friendly.
Sir William Gladstone, the founder of the welfare state, has said he would like to see a "national minimum" in Northern Ireland.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A is "like water polo".
A financial services firm has announced plans to create 500 new jobs in Manchester.
David Cameron deserves to be the UK's next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the 2012 Olympics.
Twitter has become a popular platform for social media users in Russia, where political tensions between the West and the Kremlin are simmering.
Hibernian have appointed Neil Lennon as their new manager.
Cameroon defender Adama Chedjou has joined Turkish champions Istanbul Basaksehir.
If you go to West Lothian and Livingston, you will find a large number of people living in the mines.
The Home Office has been urged to clarify its plans to make it easier for police and security services to hack into children's toys.
Myanmar's armed groups have signed a collective agreement with the government to end decades of conflict.
Venezuelan military jets have shot down an unauthorised plane suspected of smuggling drugs into the country.
Mental health services for pregnant women and their families are to be funded by the Welsh government.
China's state-owned telecoms firm ZTE has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in penalties and a suspended prison sentence in the US.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers in the world has risen, according to a UN report.
A man has admitted murdering his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" while their two sons slept upstairs.
France says it will remain "by the side" of the Malian army for as long as it takes to withdraw most of its troops from the country.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have said they have agreed a $3.1bn (Â£2.3bn) deal to combat cybercrime.
Schools have been closed in Coventry and Warwickshire due to flooding caused by heavy rain.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on a rooftop in Cardiff.
Theresa May has chosen a UKIP-style version of Brexit which will "cause a squeeze" on public services, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Actor Harry Shearer has pulled out of the US sitcom The Simpsons, saying he wanted "the freedom to do other work".
Student nurses in England are to have to take out student loans to complete their nursing degree courses, under plans being proposed by the government.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have had their approval revoked.
Olympic gold medallist Kadeena Richards-Ross says she has been inspired by the support of other female athletes who have had abortions.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the UK will not be able to resolve the issue of the Irish border unless it knows what a free trade agreement is.
The Scottish Labour Party is holding its spring conference in Aberdeen.
Actress Lizzie Jumbo has criticised Hollywood for not doing enough to promote diversity in the UK.
The attainment of the most disadvantaged young people in England could be improved by increasing the number of free school meals, say researchers.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he has been "made out of glass" as he continues to struggle with injury.
Ten years ago I was working at the BBC’s Ten O’Clock News in London when I was offered a camera job.
A £58m research and innovation complex in Newcastle has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former Essex head coach Helen Grayson as their new head coach.
Bristol Rovers have signed striker Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Dominic Telford on loan from Stoke City until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate rose slightly in May, helped by falling food and fuel prices, official figures show.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will get tax sharing powers before 2021.
Olympic silver medallist Sarah Graddon says she is ready to retire from diving.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two Amtrak passenger trains in California.
The Pirate Bay website has been back online for the first time in more than a decade.
Previews and team news for the weekend's Premier League and Championship games.
Global temperatures will almost certainly rise above 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to new research.
The number of animal welfare cases in Wales rose last year, according to the RSPCA.
A drug addict who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard after she went missing has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Jim Mulgrew says his side must be "on top of their game" when they face Ards in the Gibson Cup on Tuesday.
The big international banks have been telling us that they are not as strong as we have been told they are.
Glamorgan all-rounder Mark Ingram says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Indian Premier League.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Australian Grand Prix as the new Formula 1 season got under way.
A former Fifa official has been suspended for three years for speaking out against Qatar's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
An elderly man has died in a house fire in Edinburgh.
A collection of photographs documenting the rise of the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s is to go on display in London.
Michael Vaughan says Newcastle United's squad need to be "mental tough" if they are to reach the Championship play-offs.
When Donald Trump announced that the US would pull out of the Paris climate agreement, it was a major blow to Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona midfielder Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" after their Champions League quarter-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said he is "confident" that the Leave and Remain campaigns will be able to unite after the UK leaves the EU.
Islamic clerics in Mauritania have called on the Supreme Court to spare the life of a blogger jailed for blasphemy.
A company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died after inhaling toxic fumes while wearing a face mask.
The UK's first nuclear-powered submarine has been officially launched at the Royal Navy's Barrow yard.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he is confident manager Chris Coleman will sign a new contract.
A security system designed to keep tabs on cargo ships is vulnerable to hacking, a security expert has said.
Actress Joan Collins has said she would never take an honour from a monarch.
Two Egyptian geese have been spotted nesting in a nesting box at a nature reserve in Norfolk.
Burnley striker Ben Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 as Surrey and Hampshire battled to a draw in the One-Day Cup.
The UK's largest care home operator is expected to announce a major restructuring on Wednesday in a bid to save the firm from closure.
The number of cancer patients in England being treated within two months has fallen, according to new figures.
Some of the world's most common species of plants and animals could lose their habitats if global temperatures rise above pre-industrial levels, a study suggests.
Gatwick Airport has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £1.3m for the year to August, helped by record passenger numbers.
A former cabinet minister and ex-economy chief councillor have been found guilty of misconduct over the sale of public toilet blocks, a report has said.
Premier League clubs have agreed to donate £1.25m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo are "paralysed" as air strikes continue to devastate the city.
A patient died after falling from a lifting hoist at a hospital, a court has heard.
The Church of England's Archbishop of Canterbury, William Williams, has said it is the "worst possible moment" to downgrade religious education in secondary schools.
A large fire has broken out in a row of five terraced houses in Londonderry.
Plans to create a single council in Oxfordshire have been branded a "disaster".
National League side Torquay United have signed midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a rise in like-for-like sales for the first half of the year.
Nato warships have begun a major search for a German U-boat in the Atlantic Ocean.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded in California, destroying a cargo ship that was due to launch on Wednesday.
A woman accused of threatening BBC presenter Jeremy Vine with a "firework sign" has appeared in court.
Scientists have reconstructed the dramatic collapse of a crater formed by the impact of a giant asteroid.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a hotel in Johannesburg.
Joe McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-2 to reach the World League 2 semi-finals in Belfast.
No seahorse sightings have been recorded on a beach in Norfolk for more than a decade.
An Indian artist who created sculptures at a rock garden in the western city of Chandigarh has died at the age of 83, his family says.
British Cycling was not based around motivation or performance through fear, says former head coach Dave Brailsford.
Draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland have been published by the Department of Health.
The timetable for public exams for 2016 has been drawn up by exam boards at least 18 months ahead of schedule.
Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane has been granted a licence to work as a reserve team coach.
A new road has opened in Taunton after delays of more than a year.
Peterborough United manager Peterborough United boss Brian McCann says Jordan Maddison is one of the best in the Championship.
Police Scotland has said it will take no steps leading to the closure of its control rooms in Aberdeen or Inverness.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says his last attempt to reach the World Cup finals was "probably the last attempt" of his career.
Burundi's prosecutor's office has confirmed that a military vehicle was used to shoot dead a top military officer.
Oscar-winning actress Sofia Vergara has become the highest-paid actress in the US, according to a new Forbes list.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Nepal have been left homeless after Saturday's earthquake, the UN says.
Cuba has accused US President Donald Trump of using "old and hostile rhetoric" against the island, accusing him of trying to undermine its democracy.
Actor David Tennant has said he "kiddened out" of a new play in London after it featured references to George Osborne and Prince George.
The US Secret Service is facing a "top-to-bottom reassessment" after a security breach that led to the arrest of President Barack Obama, a review has found.
Gibraltar has said it wants to remain in the European Union.
Drivers on Arriva Trains Wales are to go on strike for 24 hours in a dispute over pay.
Paraguay's President Juan Manuel Santos has said he will not seek re-election in the lower house of Congress.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are due to meet by phone on Tuesday, Russian media report.
Syrian rebels say they have captured the town of al-Rai from Islamic State (IS) militants.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan was beaten 10-1 by Judd Trump in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
There will be "hopes things will change" in 2015 if the Conservatives win the Welsh assembly election, the first minister has said.
The family of a murdered woman who was stalked by her ex-partner have said they believe she might still be alive if he had been arrested.
China is set to account for a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Bank staff in England and Wales are being trained to help catch fraudsters who pay for work on their homes.
Labour is hoping to gain control of Ealing Central and Acton in the general election.
Five Ospreys rugby players have taken part in a series of recycling collections in Powys.
Flights have been cancelled at Gatwick Airport because of bad weather conditions.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee.
If you want to know what Shakespeare's playhouse was like in the pre-electric era, you might want to look at the work of academics.
Swansea City Council has agreed a deal to buy the club's Liberty Stadium.
Tottenham striker Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly abusing a match official during the 1-1 draw at Queens Park Rangers on Saturday.
Scotland captain Scott Barclay says Scarlets are the best side he has seen in his five years in the Pro12.
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry 40 years ago.
A report that a Chinese teenager was found hiding in a cargo hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has been widely shared on Chinese social media.
It would be a "huge risk" to take the iPlayer service off air, the BBC's director general has said.
Plans for a new coal-fired power station have been given the go-ahead.
Black seamen from the Caribbean who fought in World War Two are celebrating their 90th birthday in London.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" that the women's football team will not be able to compete at the Olympics.
The return of a rare bird of prey to Breckland has been hailed as a " pioneering" project.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have condemned Johann Lamont's "outrageous treatment" of the party in Scotland.
Japanese technology giant Softbank has agreed to buy British chipmaker ARM Holdings for £20bn.
Edinburgh City booked their place in the Scottish League Cup second qualifying round with a 2-1 win over Cove.
One in eight workers in the south west of England is too ill to work before they reach the state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
An investigation into fire safety at a hospital in Coventry has found it was "in the unlikely event of a fire".
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has issued a set of stamps to mark the 150th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have been targeted by a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
A Pilates class has been held on the Isle of Man in memory of a former prisoner of war.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom, covered in a duvet.
Hospitals in England are expected to overspend by £3.8bn this year, according to official figures.
David Cameron is likely to see a surge of migrants in the next 12 months if he gets a deal on his EU reform package, a senior Tory MP has said.
Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to compete again in the Tour de France, according to former world champion Chris LeMond.
Malaysia has criticised Swiss authorities for saying billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has been asked to investigate the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advertisement in 1986.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has become the highest-grossing film of all time in the US, according to Universal Pictures.
Microsoft has revealed details of the graphics chip inside its new Xbox Scorpio console.
A UKIP MP has resigned after posting on Facebook comments critical of US President Barack Obama, the party has said.
They're one of the most famous children's books.
Pret has said it will pay 16-18-year-olds who took part in its "Big Experience Week" to learn more about its business.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club's takeover has "sealed saved" his job.
Poet KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut collection of short stories.
The recent spate of shark attacks off the coast of Sharm el-Sheikh in the Red Sea is raising questions about the behaviour of the creatures.
A 10-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A concert to raise money for the victims of the Nepal earthquake has been held in Edinburgh.
Thousands of farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh calling for the Scottish government to do more to support them.
Alastair Cook's unbeaten 95 on the first day of the third Test against India has been a huge boost for him.
The UK commander in Afghanistan has urged the country's new government not to "fall into the trap of playing the Taliban's game".
Here is a quick guide to the best ways to avoid being hit by lightning.
The legal battle over the takeover of Lotus by Renault Sport has been adjourned until the end of December.
Northamptonshire's hopes of avoiding relegation from Division Two suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Sussex.
Wayne Bennett's appointment as England head coach is a "huge step forward" for rugby league, says Wigan Warriors forward Conor O'Loughlin.
Chelsea Ladies began their Women's Super League One Spring Series campaign with a 1-1 draw against Yeovil Town at the Hetton Centre.
A 17-year-old boy was allegedly sexually abused at a Jersey care home, a public inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in the Republic of Congo has said she wants to help free one of the men who carried out the attack.
When Fiji international John Matavesi first arrived in Cornwall in the 1980s, he was taken on as a tin miner.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Inverness.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Bookmakers have been told to do "absolutely anything" to help gamblers who are caught up in fixed odds betting machines, the BBC has learned.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City midfielder David Straker on a one-month loan deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched by police investigating the Westminster terror attack.
The attack on the Buddhist shrine in Bangkok on Monday has been described as the worst attack on Thailand's tourism industry in decades.
A West Midlands Police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting a woman in his car.
Footage of Boris Johnson giving his wife a lift on his bike has been released.
The PSNI has said it is investigating a rise in the number of sex acts being carried out in Northern Ireland.
Prime Minister David Cameron is back in the White House again.
A rare ridley turtle found on Anglesey has been moved to a larger tank.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall came from behind to beat Swindon.
Police in three Denbighshire towns are to take over the running of a 24-hour crime camera system.
South Sudan, Madagascar and Seychelles all progressed to the next round of the Confederation of African Football (CHAN) qualifiers on Saturday.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the country will never stop supporting its friends in the Middle East.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania's Texas School of Architecture has said he will not be allowed to carry guns on campus.
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot in the contest to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on a season-long loan deal.
A teacher who downloaded indecent images of children has been banned from teaching for life.
A man who posted "highly offensive" Facebook messages about Islam has had his firearms licence revoked.
Armenian weightlifter Arsen Vardanian has been stripped of his Olympic medal after testing positive for a banned substance.
Cardiff City striker David Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend have spoken of their shock at her death.
Conservative peer Lord Strathclyde has resigned from the House of Lords.
About 100 jobs have been lost at a sandwich and snack food company in County Londonderry.
The chief executive of a Japanese office worker who jumped to her death last year has said he will resign.
A man accused of murdering his wife with a frying pan and a bottle of white spirit has been found guilty of her murder.
At least six people have been killed in two bomb attacks on an army bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Consultation has begun on plans to store nuclear waste at a site in Cumbria and Berkshire.
Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "rather perplexed" by the debate over corporate taxes in the UK.
Mozambique, which won independence from Portugal in 1975, is one of Africa's poorest countries.
Nottingham's Robin Hood and Maid Marian are planning to celebrate their wedding day by throwing axes at each other as part of the show.
Josh Main's second-half strike secured victory for League One strugglers Oldham Athletic over Southend United.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of much of its outback land to foreign investors.
Bradford City came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town in League One.
Prince Harry has visited one of the world's most remote communities on the final day of his Caribbean tour.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines - the Ampatuan clan - is about more than just the murder of civilians.
I am a bit baffled by the Greek government's proposals for a new bailout.
Workers on the London Underground (LU) have voted to accept a pay deal which will see them receive an above-inflation pay rise.
The chairman of Swansea City youth football club has died at the age of 87.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Alexander and Airdrieonians goalkeeper Lee Hollis on loan until the end of the season.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A British soldier who died after being shot in Afghanistan has been named.
Fire crews have tackled 332 acres of wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of the month.
The Queen's granddaughter-in-law has been named as the UK's most influential woman, according to a new report.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Gary Higgins both lost in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Glasgow.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be involved in a charity that helps young people affected by HIV/Aids.
A planned strike by Tube drivers in London has been suspended.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US.
Castleford Tigers have signed Newcastle Falcons full-back Tyler Williams on a deal until the end of the season.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, has invested $2bn (£1.3bn) in Twitter, the company has announced.
More needs to be done to tackle sexism in sport, according to a survey commissioned by UK Sport.
A Dalek from Doctor Who is expected to fetch up to £1m when it goes up for auction later this month.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has lost his legal battle with the club over a sponsorship deal.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has criticised the government's handling of the Troubles.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a block of flats in East Lothian.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has landed in Kenya for the first time since it was grounded in January.
A group of Pakistani graffiti artists have said they were "surprised" by the way they were asked to write messages for an episode of US TV series Homeland.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful racehorses, has retired from racing.
A court has ruled it is in the public interest for the Crown Office and Police Scotland to hand over data from the Super Puma helicopter crash.
If you want to know how the North East is feeling about the fall-out from the Scottish referendum, you need to speak to two Conservative MPs.
Five people have died after taking heroin in Caerphilly county, police have said.
Domino's Pizza Group has agreed to buy the German pizza chain Joey's Pizza in a deal worth up to A$1bn ($1.6bn; Â£1.3bn).
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in Bangor.
A man has been charged with raping a teenage girl in Cumbria.
A former Venezuelan football federation president has pleaded guilty to racketeering and money laundering charges as part of an investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa.
It's been a week of surprises for the Clinton campaign.
MPs have been hearing from eight women who had relationships with undercover police officers.
A British jihadist who faked his own death in Syria has gone on trial at the Old Bailey.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a tunnel.
Senior Tory backbenchers are preparing to meet Theresa May for the first time since the general election.
The government has called for changes to the way the Football Association is run.
The Conservatives' manifesto for the general election is short on big policy announcements.
Bangladesh beat England by 10 wickets in the second Test in Dhaka to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that the world is set to become increasingly vulnerable to climate change.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has retired from rugby at the age of 28.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
The European Union is the world's biggest exporter of lamb, according to the Scottish government.
GPs in England are being paid thousands of pounds to keep patients in hospital, a BBC investigation has found.
West Bromwich Albion midfielder Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has said he would not rule out continuing on the BBC Two show.
Bus users have said they are concerned about the future of Bristol's new express bus service.
Eddie Davies has set a new world record in the shot put at the American Indoor Championships in Arizona.
It's one of the most unforgettable moments of the Rio Olympics.
When Doga Makiura set out to visit schools in Rwanda in the early 1990s, he had no idea what he would achieve.
Sheffield United midfielder Rob Baxter has been released by the League One club.
The Bank of England has approved the Financial Services Loan Scheme (FLS).
A Canadian woman has won more than C$1m (Â£770,000) in a lottery drawing in Ontario, Canada.
Same-sex marriage is legal in Northern Ireland, a High Court judge has ruled.
A ram that switched on Ashbourne's Christmas Lights has been chosen as the official mascot of an army regiment.
Matt Parkin's second-half goal gave Forest Green victory over Halifax in the National League.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a knife was found in a car park in Herefordshire.
Pete Kennaugh secured his first stage-race victory of his professional career with victory in the Tour de France.
Eilish McColgan is turning into The Terminator.
Edinburgh prop Scott Dickinson says his side must win every game if they are to secure a Premiership play-off place.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was one of the victims of the 7/7 attacks.
It's one of the most popular street art in the world.
Scottish Power is to allow customers to buy packages of gas and electricity in quantities from one day to a month.
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria to meet senior rebel commanders, the BBC understands.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time in her career.
A teenager who was battling a rare form of cancer has died at the age of 15.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown is to be the guest speaker at this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign has been launched to highlight the dangers of underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi forces fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Mosul have been hampered by clouds, the military says.
China's government has called for environmental protection to be a key plank of its five-year economic plan.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house hit by Japan's earthquake in August.
Media in Europe have reacted angrily to the results of the French and Greek elections.
Archaeologists searching for the remains of King Henry I have begun a major survey of a medieval abbey in Berkshire.
Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with the Sian Phillips award at the Welsh Film Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has said it is "very serious" about homophobic chanting on the pitch.
The conflict in Syria has devastated the ancient city of Palmyra.
Mae teulu o saith ffoadur o Syria wedi cael ei gadw'mlaen' mewn cyfrif i dalu am gyfieithwyr a chostau teithio gan Gyngor Sir Benfro.
Rafael Nadal will meet Roger Federer in the second round of the US Open on Tuesday.
Australia's biggest winemaker, TWE, has rejected a new takeover offer from US private equity firm KKR.
Crusaders missed the chance to go top of the Irish Premiership as they were held to a draw by Coleraine.
Scientists say they have discovered a new type of meteorology that could explain the spectacular Krakatoa eruption in Indonesia.
A BBC investigation has been launched into the practice of cold calling in the UK.
Mario Bianchi was destined to be a world champion, according to former Marussia driver Chris Chilton.
Scientists have developed a mobile game that can help people with dementia navigate 3D environments.
The family of a missing airman have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty" over his disappearance.
Hundreds of Sports Direct workers have staged a protest against the company's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in Lambeth should be offered a HIV test on admission to hospital if they have previously been diagnosed with the virus, new guidance says.
"I want to make BHS work."
Lorry drivers are taking drugs to relieve the boredom of lengthy shifts, a BBC investigation has found.
The Syrian government's decision to withdraw the last remaining rebel fighters from the city of al-Wair has been hailed as a victory for the opposition.
Mashkel is a small town in the north-western Pakistani province of Sistan-Balochistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 32 people to life in prison for spying for Iran, state media report.
League Two side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City midfielder Josh Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man has become the first person to paddle the length of the River Mahaweli in a single day.
Labour MP David Slipper has resigned as Speaker of the Australian House of Commons amid allegations of sexual harassment.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in the cruise industry.
TomSka is one of the most successful YouTube vloggers in the world.
The chief executive of Redrow, one of the UK's biggest housebuilders, has accused the industry of a "wall of bureaucracy".
England must take "a day or two" to get over Saturday's defeat by Australia, says fly-half Sam Hall.
When Laura Robson arrived at the US Open in New York on Saturday morning, she had no idea what she would do next.
A police officer has been charged with two counts of misconduct in public office.
Alan Stubbs has been appointed Hibernian's new head coach.
Cricket Ireland are in talks with the West Indies over the vacant head coach's job, BBC Sport understands.
A £5.4m plan to turn a Nottinghamshire town into a Civil War museum has been given the go-ahead by a council.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Callum Wilson on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland's Laura Muir's 5,000m world record has been ratified as official by UK Athletics, according to former world champion Sarah McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes series.
Plans to turn a Victorian building in Cardiff into flats have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 200 new minerals have been discovered by humans in the past few hundred years, say scientists.
A 15-year-old Malaysian boy has been removed from the abdomen of his mother after he developed a "fetus in fetu", reports say.
Scotland's best total of athletes at the World Championships in London has been confirmed.
A Lancashire school has been evacuated after a threat was made about a gun attack.
Australian police have arrested four Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Mark Stoneman took 10 wickets as Warwickshire fought back to beat Durham by six wickets at Edgbaston.
The UK could stay in the European Union if it voted to leave, a credit agency has said.
David Warner has been suspended from England's tour of Australia because of an alleged assault.
Hundreds of firefighters and police officers in Wales are to receive compensation totalling £5.24m, the Welsh government has said.
Scientists have described how a cancer cell is anchored to the ground in order to allow it to move around freely.
British number one Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the French Open with a straight-set win over Serbia's Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Luton secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over Bristol City.
Microsoft has announced a new product called the HoloLens.
Qatar is one of the world's richest countries, but it is struggling to feed itself.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Italy for the start of a five-day visit to France and Italy.
EastEnders fans have been reacting to the news that an ethnic minority family is to move into the East End.
If you're a farmer, you know that rain is good for your crops.
The Conservatives have retained control of Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan is a survivor of the Troubles.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie for undisclosed fees.
A bus company which runs services between Aberystwyth and Cardiff is set to collapse with the loss of up to 40 jobs, transport bosses have said.
A man accused of murdering a woman with a hammer told a court he "lost it with her" after she was attacked with the weapon.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory over Brighton.
A man has admitted killing his wife after she went on holiday in Pakistan.
The Metropolitan Police cannot afford to have officers "think twice" about shooting people, the force's most senior officer has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in West Yorkshire.
An MP has apologised for suggesting that type 1 diabetes is genetic and obesity is linked to type 2 diabetes.
The death of Irene Nemirovsky, the author of Suite Francaise, is to be celebrated in a new film.
A large fire at an oil company in Kent has been brought under control.
Spain's Rafael Nadal will play in the Aegon Championships warm-up event at Wimbledon in June.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying acid capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
As Donald Trump made his first public appearance as president of the European Union, here is a look at some of the key moments in his visit to Brussels.
National League side Northampton Town have signed former Liverpool striker Alex Ngoo on a one-month loan deal.
A large bushfire in Australia has killed at least one person and injured more than 100 others.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive at his home have said new evidence is "completely inexplicable".
The number of new savings accounts opened in the UK has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has risen by more than a third in the last two years, says a report.
A jigsaw puzzle created by a Norfolk man who was left with four missing pieces has been completed after a second piece fell into a handbag.
A woman has been killed and an eight-year-old boy injured in a crash involving a car and a rally car on Saturday.
Wales' education commissioners are to meet for the first time in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store in Powys has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland's investigative programme Spotlight has won the Royal Television Society's Scoop Of The Year award.
Croatia's Jewish community has said it will boycott next week's ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the death camp at the Auschwitz death camp.
Manchester United have signed Borussia Dortmund striker Adnan Januzaj on loan until the end of the season.
Hearts hope to raise £3m over the next five years thanks to supporters' contributions.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino has " bought into" a fitness programme.
Saracens will play Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will play Exeter in the final.
The mother of a man who was killed by a hit-and-run driver has paid tribute to her "funny and funny" son.
England women secured their first win of the Women's Rugby World Cup with a 27-19 victory over New Zealand in Wellington.
A paraglider "thought she was going to die" when she was involved in a collision with an aircraft, a report has found.
Firefighters have been dealing with a major blaze at a farm near the border with the Republic of Ireland.
A bell-ringer has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys in the 1980s and 1990s.
Josephine West was diagnosed with terminal cancer last year, and her new album, High on Humans, has been released on the Soundcloud site.
Nursery staff who referred a 15-year-old boy to the authorities after he said a cucumber was a "cooker bomb" have decided not to take action.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after she left her five-year-old daughter in the boot of a car.
A five-year-old boy has been attacked by a group of people calling themselves "trans" and "anarchist" on a platform at Aberdeen University.
Qatar won the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history as they beat Ivory Coast 2-0 in Cairo.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says progressing into the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a learning passport as part of a series of reforms aimed at improving standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his squad contains players who "don't think the aim is to win".
A man's body has been found at a recycling depot in Somerset.
UKIP has said the final list of candidates to replace Nigel Farage as leader will be announced on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed former Scotland Under-21 international Paul Sheerin as their new manager.
The PSNI has announced the roll-out of 26 mobile neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs).
Super Bowl-winning Philadelphia Eagles defensive player Kiko Polamalu has announced his retirement from football at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a rugby player who was hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Judd Trump will face defending champion Scott Donaldson in the quarter-finals of the World Championship in Sheffield on Saturday.
Substitute Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Plans for a £1.5m redevelopment of a Denbighshire school have been given the go-ahead.
Former Rangers chief executive Craig Whyte has had charges against him dropped.
Tyler Denton scored the only goal of the game as Leeds United beat League Two side Luton Town.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offering his services to charity and the homeless.
Leyton Orient have appointed Peter Edwards as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the maximum sentence for careless driving to be increased.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint in Londonderry.
England batsman Jason Roy says he "didn't care" when he saw his highest one-day international score.
Ken Owens is not a fan of the term "super sub".
England captain Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex won the toss and took control against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
An al-Qaeda-trained terrorist has been found guilty of plotting to kill hundreds of people in Manchester.
Russia's aircraft carrier group, the Admiral Kuznetsov, has begun withdrawing its forces from Syria, the defence ministry has said.
Rafael Nadal beat German teenager Alexander Zverev in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A Brazilian fisherman has said he has found a large piece of debris he believes to be from a UK satellite.
A teenager who told his ex-girlfriend he intended to kill British soldiers has been jailed for five years.
A woman who was jailed for stalking a fellow student has won an appeal against her sentence.
A building has collapsed in the Canary Islands, killing at least one person and injuring several others, officials say.
St Johnstone were held to a draw by Lithuanian side FK Trakai in the Scottish League Cup second round.
Parents are calling on the government to cap the amount of rise in term-time holiday prices.
More than 30,000 prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot on industrial action.
Fulham have signed striker Emmanuel Cyriac from Dutch club Oostende for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Donald Trump has been sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.
The German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, who was ordered by the Nazis to hand over his vast art collection, has died at the age of 83.
Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches over the next three years.
Granada head coach Tony Adams has resigned after his side were beaten 2-1 by Espanyol.
Three cars have been involved in a crash in Powys.
Derby County Council has set aside £20m to start work on a new 50m swimming pool in the city centre.
A school has changed its name following the "unforeseen rise" of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday, helped by a rise in the price of gold.
One in five children in Africa has some form of hearing loss.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in Kent.
Andy Murray has pulled out of the Aegon Championships because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing bloc has won a landslide victory in the country's general election.
A literary society has called for the closure of Newport's Arthur Machen reference library.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new world record for the longest break in bagpipes.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in west London.
Women travelling to areas with a high risk of malaria should be aware of the risks, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for the general election with a "bold message" urging voters to vote for the party.
Labour has published a draft of its general election manifesto, which it says would be the most detailed in a generation.
Former Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she will not meet the Queen if she is elected leader of the party.
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May, according to two recruitment agencies.
Brentford Blaze have signed American ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their debts to creditors.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of beheading his wife.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials say.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who died in a car fire has appeared in court charged with his murder.
UN investigators say they are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals who have been accused of committing atrocities in Syria.
A former Methodist minister hypnotised four boys to sexually abuse them, a court has heard.
The parents of a British man suspected of joining the so-called Islamic State group have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A ferry has returned to service on the Isle of Wight after being grounded for more than a month.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes and up to 400 new homes in Swansea Bay have been unveiled by the city council.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of cities and towns to protest against rising water bills.
Josh Taylor is a "phenomenal talent", according to his trainer Shane McGuigan.
Archaeologists have discovered a hoard of paints in a South African cave that could have been used as a tool to make a design.
Ireland's economy grew 7.7% in the three months to the end of March, compared with the same period last year.
Leeds could become Europe's capital of culture if plans are approved by the city council.
Abertay University in Belfast has been named the best university in the world for its degree level qualifications in computer games development.
"Yes" was the slogan of the 2014 Scottish independence referendum.
A British national has been shot dead in Thailand, the Foreign Office has said.
Great Britain secured their place in the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League with a 4-2 win over Argentina.
Huddersfield Town manager Paul Heckingbottom is expected to make two changes to his squad after suffering a hamstring injury.
Two men have been arrested over the death of a 14-year-old girl at a takeaway.
A Cardiff council worker has been found guilty of stealing more than £100,000 from her mother.
A Cardiff-based insurance company has won a contract to operate online price comparison sites.
North Korea has fired artillery shells at targets near the South Korean capital, Seoul, in an apparent warning to the army.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of Tehran to protest against rising fuel prices.
A database of more than 390 trees and shrubs has been created to help urban planners understand the importance of trees.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out for the rest of the World Cup.
French justice minister Sylvie Goulard has resigned from the cabinet amid a row over alleged fake jobs.
Steve Dillon, the British artist who created the Punisher comic strip, has died at the age of 69.
Defending champion Dustin Hoffman and Rickie Fowler share the lead after the second round of the Masters at Augusta, Georgia.
The brightest spots on the dwarf planet Ceres have been spotted for the first time in more than a year.
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving.
Pakistan's Foreign Minister Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum has said his country will join a Saudi-led coalition to fight terrorism.
Russia coach Volodymyr Slutsky has resigned after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Broom has signed a new contract with the League Two club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been suspended for two matches for allegedly punching England's Joe Root.
Plans for a safari park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by gunmen in the Swat Valley region of north-west Pakistan, police say.
Scotland's former chief medical officer has been appointed to lead a review of health and social care targets.
A former doctor who defrauded a patient out of £10,000 has been struck off the medical register.
A senior member of Bangladesh's ruling party has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
James Wakely and Michael Keogh hit centuries as Leicestershire fought back to beat Northamptonshire by eight wickets at Chester-le-Street.
Two men from Pontypridd have been nominated for bravery awards.
A film about a group of children working for free in a Gwynedd village has won best original screenplay of a foreign language film.
Ten people have been charged in connection with slavery offences in Lincolnshire.
An Australian man has redecorated his Darth Vader costume for the new Star Wars film Rogue One.
A look back at some of the biggest entertainment stories of the year.
Rangers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Marc Dorrans on a three-year deal.
A lifeboat crew has been rescued after their cabin cruiser broke down in the sea off Portaferry.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Divers are to be deployed to remove objects found in the silt layer of the Carnbroe Canal in North Lanarkshire.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fees in the wake of student protests.
The latest series of BBC One's Atlantis has been rebooted.
Black Friday has cemented its place as the busiest online shopping day of the year, according to analysts.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of methane on Mars.
More than 100,000 children in England have not been offered a place at one of their preferred schools this year, official figures show.
A new exhibition of portraits of famous people has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend is three shots behind leader Tyrrell Hatton after the third round of the BMW PGA Championship.
A girl has been seriously injured after being bitten by a dog.
Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist who used Lego to create portraits of dissident figures, has said he will use the toy to make a new work.
Renault driver Matej Kubica says he is "lucky" to be able to drive in Formula 1 again.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Steve-O and comedian Sally Bercow have been added to the line-up for this year's Winter Olympics.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Derby County and West Bromwich Albion midfielder Yohan Rherras and Derby County striker Jordan Sammon.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has sworn in as Australia's new prime minister, a day after Tony Abbott was ousted from office.
More than half of children are checking their mobile phones before going to bed, according to a survey.
A Rolls-Royce owned by actress Diana Dors has sold for $3m (Â£2.5m) at auction in New York.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a co-worker at a takeaway.
A plan to reintroduce lynx to parts of the UK has been launched by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis has opened its Edinburgh store for the first time in 43 years.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Rhys Huws on loan until the end of the season and Middlesbrough midfielder Alex Samuel on a season-long loan.
Tributes have been paid to Fylde Ladies midfielder Zoe Tynan who has died after being hit by a train.
A Kenyan student has described how she and her roommates were shot dead by gunmen at a college in the capital, Nairobi.
A man who travelled to Syria with the intention of taking part in the conflict has been jailed for five years.
A US commando force has captured a former Iraqi chemical weapons expert suspected of trying to use mustard gas against Kurdish forces, US officials say.
The shortlist for the 2014 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award has been announced.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child star Hermione Granger has been cast as a black actress.
Christopher Biggins has been removed from the Celebrity Big Brother house after making homophobic comments about bisexual people.
Denmark has changed the way it treats cancer patients.
Residents in Gourock, in Inverclyde, have been told to stay indoors after an unexploded mine was found on the River Clyde.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has proposed the possibility of hosting the World Cup in two or three countries.
Worcester City have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
The bells of St Mary's Church in Norwich have been played for the first time in more than 100 years.
The former offices of Reading University are to be turned into apartments as part of a £1.5m redevelopment.
England fly-half Billy Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury, BBC Sport understands.
A railway line between Conwy and Anglesey has been closed for several days due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a fight.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as Manchester United manager.
Eleven whales have been rescued from the sea off the Belgian island of La Rochelle after being beached by a group of whales.
A hospital in Greater Manchester is considering setting up a park-and-ride scheme to improve parking conditions.
Eurotunnel has apologised for delays in ticket sales at its Channel Tunnel terminal.
India has seen a sharp drop in the number of women dropping out of the workforce in recent years.
Leicester midfielder Craig Shakespeare is set to make his first start of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury.
A County Antrim MLA has lost a defamation case against a schoolgirl who accused him of harassing her on social media.
A primary school which has been closed amid a teachers' strike is to reopen to pupils on Thursday.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Andy Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 final this season.
A man has been arrested after a pedestrian was killed in a crash on the M4 in Somerset.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
French actress Jean-Marie Lebeau, best known for her role in the 1939 film Casablanca, has died aged 91.
Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a soft muscle injury.
The winner of Peru's presidential run-off will face a second round, the electoral council has announced.
The England one-day team will travel to Bangladesh on Thursday for the first time since the attack on the Dhaka stadium in July.
Hundreds of thousands of government employees' emails and passwords have been hacked, according to a security firm.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he will work "positively" with the Scottish and Welsh governments as the UK prepares to leave the European Union.
Dundee Stars head coach Paul LeFebvre says the EIHL final was a "dream start".
Welsh lifter Hannah Smith says she is "confident" she can secure a place at the European Championships in Norway in April.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is a transfer target for the Premier League club.
The architect behind Dundee's new museum has said he is "very happy" with the progress made in the first year of work.
Hundreds of people have held a rally in Venice to protest against a rise in the number of people living in the Italian resort.
Two men have been jailed for dumping rubbish in a Coventry street.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Scottish Chamber of Commerce (SCC) has said it is exploring opportunities for Scottish businesses in China.
If you want to know what happened to Hong Kong's pro-democracy activist Anna Yau, you might want to ask her.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are preparing to introduce new laws to tackle cyber crime.
Campaigners have called for a "complete rethink" of the way referendums are run in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Wales looks at the key issues facing the Welsh Conservatives in the general election.
Johanna Konta says she has a "massive amount of room to grow" after reaching the Wimbledon quarter-finals.
Barcelona have signed China midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League side Evergrande for an undisclosed fee.
Water supplies in Leeds have been restored after a water main failure.
A children's Christmas attraction at a golf resort in Somerset has been forced to close after a key backer dropped out.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is surprised she has not been formally asked what she would like to do as an MEP.
Ghana's health ministry has reversed its decision to keep nurses under bond.
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has called for improvements to footpaths.
Comedian Bill Bailey has apologised after his tour bus was stolen from the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United.
Plymouth Argyle's late winner in the EFL Cup second qualifying round was the "biggest moment" of their career, according to striker Joe Hartley.
Japanese shares ended the day lower despite a better-than-expected economic growth report.
Australia's largest oil and gas producer, Woodside Petroleum, has reported a surge in half-year profits.
How do you keep your online customer data safe?
A new code of practice for police stopping and searching members of the public has been published by the Scottish government.
Rail services between Edinburgh and the Borders have been restored after delays caused by Storm Desmond.
The number of Welsh rugby union players who have been drug tested is "completely off-the-scale", says the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Pope Francis has condemned the "genocide of the 20th Century" of Armenians, saying it was the first of its kind in the world.
Lance Armstrong's public admission that he took performance-enhancing drugs last year has been met with mixed reactions.
Would you pay £5 to have one of these pint cups thrown at you at Glastonbury?
A new search and rescue helicopter has been launched at Inverness Naval Base.
Cardiff City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were available for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has voted to censure Prime Minister Victor Grindeanu for failing to tackle corruption.
Sky has admitted that some of its broadband customers in the north-east of England have been hit by slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under "constant review" after an attack in which a Conservative MP was shot dead.
A drug used to treat a rare form of leukaemia has shown no side-effects after a year, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who died after being stabbed in Australia have said they are "immensely proud" of him.
Atletico Madrid are "still alive" despite being knocked out of the Champions League by Barcelona, says captain Luis Suarez.
A Northern Ireland film-maker is hoping to break into the film industry in the US.
Two men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) were seized in Dublin.
Jeremy Corbyn is one of the most outspoken Labour MPs in the House of Commons.
In the midlands of the Republic of Ireland, the town centre once stood as a beacon of hope.
Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has said.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of HMS Lancastria.
The government has rejected Labour's call for local authorities to restrict the growth of fixed-odds betting terminals.
Ethiopians are mourning the retirement of one of the country's most famous athletes.
Japanese media tycoon Kazuyoshi Kita is one of the world's richest men.
Luis Suarez has lost his appeal against his four-month ban for biting a player.
Dundee County have signed Lithuania international midfielder Tomas Sernas on loan until the end of the season.
US Soccer has said it will introduce new rules to protect young players from head injuries.
US media giant 21st Century Fox has made a £10.25bn takeover bid for Sky, the broadcaster has said.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
Police are investigating a robbery at a post office in Glasgow in which a man was threatened with a knife.
More than 2,000 teenagers have taken part in the Dartmoor Ten Tors challenge.
Stormont's finance committee opens an inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to a "gentle giant" who died in a swimming accident in Gwynedd.
A 56-year-old man has been reported to prosecutors over allegations of sexual assault at a school in Fife.
Former Newcastle United player N'Golo Tiote has been remembered at a memorial service for the midfielder who died in China.
Asian shares fell on Monday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election.
Blackberry has reported a profit for the first three months of the year, helped by the launch of its Z10 smartphone.
Oil and gas services firm Proserv has won two contract wins in the North Sea.
A pay rise "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in the course of this Parliament to ensure an adequate supply of teachers, the Teaching Support Board (STRB) has said.
Voters in the European Union have returned to the polls for the first time in more than a century.
Mae cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe wedi cael ei gefnogi'n llawn ar hyd morglawdd newydd yng Nghymru.
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not hold a referendum on a council tax rise after a majority of residents said no.
The United Nations has called for a quota on US corn production to be suspended.
Curvy beer glasses make it harder to pace yourself with soft drinks, a study suggests.
Preston North End have signed midfielder Lee Dugdale and defender Chris Cole on one-year deals.
Kickstarter has been accused of running a scam.
The man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings received injuries to every part of his body, a US court has heard.
The latest NHS strike in England and Northern Ireland has ended.
A Mississippi man and his nephew are suing a funeral home for allegedly discriminating against gay people.
Nottingham's caves are to be opened to the public in a virtual reality tour.
The mother of a baby who died after being left in a car in Australia suffered a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered genes that make it easier for cancer to spread to the lungs.
England all-rounder Sarah Brunt took three wickets as Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League for the first time in their history.
Scotland's newspapers continue to focus on the local election results, with the Daily Record claiming the Conservatives are the "runaway winner".
An MP is appealing for help to save the home of British photographer Helen Bell, whose photographic archive has been destroyed.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK.
Cladding used on Grenfell Tower has failed to meet the government's fire safety targets, the prime minister has said.
North Korea has launched a new alcoholic drink, the Pyongyang Times reports.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Keith Richards says there is "far more to come" from his side after their latest defeat in the Premiership.
The father of a six-year-old boy who was left alone on a bus in Powys has said he is "in total and utter shock".
US President Donald Trump has been accused of exaggerating the impact of the Paris climate agreement on global temperatures.
An Army reservist died after collapsing on a training exercise in the heat, an inquest has heard.
Google is developing a way to detect cancer in the blood, as part of a multi-million pound research project.
Ghana coach Avram Grant says he is happy with the way his players have responded to criticism.
League One side Morecambe have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Ryan Edwards on loan until the end of the season.
A carer who stole more than £100,000 from a disabled man has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said he is "overwhelmingly in favour" of a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest that police failed to investigate the murder of her sister because they were unaware of her many convictions.
More than one million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report has found.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in Glasgow city centre.
At least 36 people have been killed in a Saudi-led coalition air strike in the southern Yemeni city of Dhalea, officials say.
A motion of no confidence in the Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Micheál Frazer has been passed by the Irish parliament.
Jonathan Rea secured his first podium finish of the season with victory in the final race of the UCI Road World Championship.
The US says it has granted a release order to 37 Afghan prisoners it says are linked to bomb attacks.
Ben Affleck has won the Directors Guild of America (DGA) award for his film Argo, which is nominated for best picture at the Oscars.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence says it has begun an operation to rid the country's border territories of terrorist bases and activities.
Tributes have been paid to former Wales rugby star Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 84.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in the legs.
Great Britain's Adam Latham won bronze in the men's keirin at the World Track Cycling Championships.
Ospreys will defend their Pro12 title against Cardiff Blues at Twickenham on Saturday.
Sophie Chancellor is to play Lucia in a new Channel 4 comedy series, it has been announced.
Joseph Clark was a 29-year-old father of three from Liverpool who died in the Hillsborough disaster.
A teenager has admitted carrying out a machete attack on a taxi driver.
Jodie Taylor's injury-time winner earned England a 1-0 win over the Netherlands in their first Women's Euro 2017 warm-up match.
Bath have signed Newport Gwent Dragons prop Jonny Evans on a two-year deal.
Britain's James Thomson has finished third in the Men's Tour of New Zealand.
The Australian Greens party has filed a motion calling US presidential hopeful Donald Trump a "revolting slug" in parliament.
Rio 2016 will be the most watched TV event in UK broadcasting history, the BBC has announced.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has agreed to cover the cost of the grounding of a drilling rig.
Thousands of Kent lorries have been stranded in the Channel during strikes and migrants trying to board freight trains.
A man who died after being shot in the head in Cardiff has been named by police.
Darren Brathwaite took three wickets as West Indies beat England by six runs in the World Twenty20 final in Barbados.
Dirk Coetzee, one of South Africa's most notorious anti-apartheid spies, has died at the age of 83.
Six men have been charged with criminal offences over the Hillsborough disaster, the Crown Prosecution Service has announced.
Archaeologists have uncovered artefacts from the Bronze Age during work to build a new road in Inverness.
In the centre of the German city of Bavaria, the streets are bustling with activity.
The Workers Party has said it will challenge the BBC's decision not to broadcast its candidates in the general election.
A van used by football star Chris Mayweather has been set alight in a suspected arson attack.
A 10-year-old girl has been injured after a vapouriser exploded on a train in the US state of Florida, police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in central London.
The number of people with sight problems in the developing world is set to soar in the coming decades, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Wednesday's 1-0 friendly win over Nigeria in Warsaw will give his side confidence for the next couple of months.
A man who carried a fake gun near a Worthing primary school has been jailed.
Thousands of Poles have gathered in London to clean up their graves following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
New rules on broadband adverts have come into force which will make it easier for consumers to find out the cost of the service.
A Post Office worker has been seriously injured in a "vicious" attack in the Borders.
Proposals to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland are "gravely concerning", a business group has said.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed, destroying a funicular railway and damaging a public toilet block.
Leyton Orient striker Lee Williams has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have won four new seats in Dorset, including one held by the Liberal Democrats.
Plans to cut services in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved by councillors.
The death of Liam Fee was the result of a "break in contact" between social services and his nursery, a court has heard.
US President Donald Trump has signed into law a ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries entering the US.
The Australian government has announced plans to strip citizenship from dual nationals convicted of terrorism-related offences.
Soldiers who refused to stand up during a protest at a training exercise in the Brecon Beacons have been jailed.
A man has been seriously injured in a "completely unprovoked attack" in a Glasgow pub.
Comedian Joe Hart has revealed he is to release a new album featuring chicken nuggets and long walks in the park.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open third round with a straight-set win over Britain's Dan Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from professional football.
Wigan Athletic have signed defender Joe Dunkley from Oxford United on a two-year deal.
The vast majority of the world’s oceans are unregulated, according to Oxford scientists.
A coroner's inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has been adjourned until next week.
Former enterprise minister Jonathan Bell has claimed he was told he would not be allowed to cut the tariff on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme because of his "extensive interests in the poultry industry".
A review of the performance of the police control room service in Dumfries has found it has performed "to the satisfaction of the public".
The Scottish government has offered initial advice on a scoping document for a possible extension of the Borders Railway.
A legal challenge to a decision to allow a wind farm to run overhead cables near a Tudor farm has been heard at the High Court.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino and Salomon Rondon are as good for the club as Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy.
Thousands of miniature sheep sculptures have been created in the Lake District in a bid to raise money for a rehabilitation centre.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 1-0 defeat by Spain in their Euro 2016 qualifier was a "mistake".
An early copy of a Byzantine gold coin has been found in Norfolk.
A UKIP donor has said he has been suspended from the party pending a meeting with the party's ruling NEC.
Plans to improve Cardiff's transport system have been unveiled.
A father and daughter have become the first female umpires in County Londonderry.
A woman who was raped and sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale in the 1970s has called for an investigation into historical abuse.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead in a Dublin car park.
A "zombie" caterpillar has been found hanging from a branch of a tree in a Lancashire field.
A "cold, calculating, predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for seven years for raping and sexually abusing children.
Brentford extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with a comfortable win at bottom side Bolton.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "hopeful" someone will come forward to help solve the mystery.
Alex Davies and Tom Jarvis hit centuries as Derbyshire fought back against Lancashire on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Mubarak Wakaso scored twice as Ghana beat DR Congo to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Eight Aston Villa fans and seven Leicester fans have been arrested after a fight at the club's Premier League match.
A series of images from the War Office have been released to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of Manchester city centre.
Michael Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford thrashed Widnes in their final Super League game of the season.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A 22-year-old man who killed a woman at a Newport hotel was planning to serve his entire sentence, a court has heard.
People with chronic illnesses are at greater risk of losing hope and their sense of identity, a study has found.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has suspended six Russian athletes for two months for doping offences.
Australia's biggest bank, the Clydesdale, has set aside another £500m to compensate customers for mis-selling insurance.
A zebra has died after being shot at a golf course in Japan.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a hospital in Aberdeen.
French President Francois Hollande and Prime Minister Manuel Valls have met to discuss the shooting of nine people in Paris.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the possibility of a polygraph test for new police officers.
A rare Mein Kampf book signed by Adolf Hitler is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time in the UK.
Brazilian prosecutors have charged a former governor of the state-run oil company Petrobras with corruption.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder David Rachubka on a two-year deal.
The UK and Jamaica have signed a deal to help build a new £1bn prison in Kingston, Jamaica.
Bangladesh's central bank has been targeted by hackers who stole $81m (Â£40m) of cash from its account, according to reports.
Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
A few weeks ago, Aberdeen winger Lee Foster was confronted by a Rangers fan who said he was the worst player ever.
A Scottish engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Angus.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Murray in the first round of Wimbledon on Tuesday.
Universities in England are advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit, the government has announced.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died following an incident in a pub.
Mae'r datblygwyr yn dweud y byddai'r cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy gostio £425m ond mae Llywodraeth Cymoedd.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with a comfortable victory over Norwich.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says striker Sergio Aguero will miss Sunday's derby with Manchester United.
West Bromwich Albion boss Tony Pulis says his 1,000th Premier League game will be against Stoke City on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their leading forwards for Wednesday's Champions League third-round tie against Rosenborg.
A review of Dumfries and Galloway's major festivals and events strategy has found it has "generally met its objectives".
Concerns have been raised about the level of violence and self-harm at a prison in Gloucestershire where two inmates have died in the past year.
Ulster captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to follow Paul O'Connell as Ireland coach.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on the Scottish Borders for this year's Clay Carving Championships.
An advisory board has called for a review of the way madrassas are run in England following the sentencing of a teacher for corporal punishment.
It has been described as one of Shakespeare's most brutal comedies.
Consumers should be able to save hundreds of pounds a year on standard variable tariffs, the energy regulator has said.
Drake has been announced as the headline act for this year's Lulworth Festival.
St Helens prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking Newcastle prop Scott Lawson with his forearm.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Kensington is "the poorest ward in the whole country".
The world's most popular digital currency, Bitcoin, has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a car on a busy road in Lancashire.
A group of Saudi Arabian girls have won a prestigious international competition in the US.
Ospreys maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Forecasters have warned of a "significant risk" of black ice over Christmas.
Sir Elton John has revealed he has been diagnosed with an abscess on his appendix.
A long-running battle between the US government and the FBI over encryption keys has been revisited by the BBC.
When Deutsche Bank published its forecast for the general election in May, it said that the outcome would be "better than the possible consequence of a Conservative led government".
The pace of US manufacturing expansion slowed in June, according to a closely watched survey.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Hugh Kinsella Cunningham reflects on life in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The Dorney leisure centre in Camden is a busy place full of visitors.
There's a lot of talk about homelessness in the UK right now, but how do you deal with it?
Aer Lingus has announced it is cancelling all its summer flights between London and Singapore.
At least two people have been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Izmir, officials say.
The former Queen of Wales, Princess Diana, has died at the age of 91.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in north London on Saturday.
Portadown will take on Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Saturday.
Ukraine's security services have been accused by pro-Ukrainian activists of carrying out a "genocide" against Russia.
A man has been jailed for two years after admitting possessing weapons with a knuckle duster and a knife at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel is in talks to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm.
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon, shooting a one-under-par 63.
The transport system for London's Olympic Stadium has been hit by a series of problems.
(Close): Shares in Dixons Carphone led the FTSE 100 higher after it reported a rise in like-for-like sales.
Violence in England and Wales has reached a six-year high, according to government figures.
Land managers have been asked to give advice on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
A rock star is visiting the US to encourage more people to sign up to become bone marrow donors.
The budget for 2017/18 is set to be published on Monday.
A house has been damaged after a lorry crashed into a house.
England prop Cian Healy and fly-half Alexbisiero have been released by the British and Irish Lions.
For years, the Malaysian government has been embroiled in a huge corruption scandal.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in Govanhill.
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
A key youth unemployment scheme in Wales has been temporarily closed by the Welsh government.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Belfast in support of women's rights.
Two men have been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in a garden.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland is to be held by the Scottish government.
A 75-year-old woman was refused food or drink by staff at a hospital that missed its emergency admissions target for a week.
The European Parliament has accused France's far-right National Front (FN) of defrauding MEPs out of €1m (£1.2m) in 2012.
Migrants who settle in the UK will be exempt from the new £35,000 salary cap, the government has announced.
Britannia has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 consecutive years.
London Underground (LU) workers are to be balloted on new rosters for all-night services, the Aslef union has said.
The world's largest gun and shell museum is to open in Wrexham.
A number of homes in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire have been damaged by flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
The European Union has said it is in talks with Turkey over a plan to return all migrants to Turkey within three weeks.
The UK has warned its citizens of the risks of travelling to the US because of new laws in North Carolina and Mississippi that discriminate against LGBT people.
Gillingham chairman Alan Scally says the club's future is at risk if they do not build a new stadium.
A man has been found dead in a house in Londonderry.
Derby County's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a blow as they were beaten by Ipswich Town.
A fast underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a bin, according to a study.
Warwickshire all-rounder Liam Thornton has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
Vote Leave have claimed they can win £50m by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football tournament.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow across much of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he would be surprised if there was a big exodus of players from the club this summer.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has said he will not be seeking a successor to Sepp Blatter.
More than a third of men in the UK are diagnosed with a form of meningitis.
Sky has dropped darts pundit Eric Bristow after he suggested footballers were "tough guys" and "wimps" in the wake of historical sex abuse allegations.
Two people have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC has said it is "extremely ambitious" to make the corporation the "great cultural force in the world".
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported a surge in sales for the first time in three years.
Forest Green Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on a season-long loan from National League rivals Rochdale.
A Turkish court has ordered the trial of eight men accused of their part in a deadly mine disaster.
The Islamic State (IS) group will "fall soon" in Mosul, the last major city in Iraq still under its control, the UK has said.
Andy Murray and Aljaz Bedene reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6-4 6-3 win over Bruno Soares and Marcelo Dodig.
A 26-year-old man has appeared in court charged with making explosive devices during a security alert at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced 10 policemen to death for their role in the killing of a group of Sikh men in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh 25 years ago.
China is "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are", says a leading academic.
Civil servants could be given an advisory role in a shake-up of executive pay, the government has said.
A shipbuilder that went into administration last year has announced plans to create 1,300 jobs.
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenage girl who was murdered in Greater Manchester more than 40 years ago is to be shown on BBC Crimewatch.
A teenager who was killed in a crash was due to take her GCSE exams on Tuesday, police have said.
A third member of the Northern Ireland States Board has resigned.
Former Netherlands boss Guus Hiddink has been appointed as Chelsea's new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson reached the final of the Australian Open with a 6-3 6-2 win over the Chan family in Melbourne.
Australia won the Tri-Nations for the first time in their history with a ruthless victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A popular surfing attraction in Conwy county has been forced to close for the winter because of a fault.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed building from fire.
The new vice chancellor of Oxford University has said universities must do more to tackle radicalisation and extremism.
The Lego Movie has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle awards for its time-travel documentary.
Three senior staff at Dumfries and Galloway Council have resigned.
World number one Lydia Ko shot a three-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Women's US Open.
Joe Garner is to leave BT to become chief executive of the UK's biggest bank, Openreach.
Kilmarnock have signed Callum Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Concerns have been raised over plans to merge a Gwynedd primary school with a secondary school.
A man has been jailed for 11 years for his part in a gang smuggling firearms into the UK from the Netherlands.
The New Horizons probe is about to begin its flyby of Pluto.
Wasps have signed England fly-half Danny Cipriani on a two-year deal.
The government has given the go-ahead for a Chinese investment in the UK's first nuclear power station since the UK voted to leave the EU.
Grimsby Town came from behind to beat Aldershot Town and keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
McDonald's Japan says it will stop serving French fries until the end of the year because of a food shortage.
Oxford Tigers have confirmed the signing of Wales scrum-half James Roberts for Saturday's Six Nations match against Oxford Rebels.
Judges in England and Wales could be given longer jail terms for rapists who film their attack, under new guidelines.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year deal.
Austria's new president has said he is willing to work with the far-right Freedom Party if certain criteria are met.
Twelve years ago, Jordan Spieth was offered the chance to play golf for the first time in his life - with a pair of clubs in his hand.
Thousands of people who failed to renew their tax credits are being urged to take action by HM Revenue and Customs.
Bolton Wanderers have submitted a shortlist of three candidates for the vacant manager's job at the Championship club.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Lee Johnston says his side's weekend was a good opportunity to make it a four-point weekend.
The world's largest container ship has docked in Suffolk for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their 100% start to the T20 Blast with a six-wicket win over Gloucestershire at Cardiff.
Councils have called on the government to protect a levy on soft drinks as part of a healthy-pupils capital programme.
Land Rover has unveiled the design of its next vehicle, the Defender.
Southampton manager Claude Puel wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
US paint maker PPG has rejected its latest bid to buy Akzo Nobel.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 5-1 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
The Red Cross has warned that the humanitarian situation in Yemen is "very desperate" and that it may run out of supplies within days.
United Airlines has suspended its Belfast to Newark air route.
South Africa's failure to win in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Gabon has been blamed on the team's poor preparation, says former captain David Mashaba.
Russia has launched a new version of its Wikipedia website.
When Ben Fearon retired from athletics at the end of last season, he had no choice but to retire.
Stuart Boyd has backed the idea of Scottish football playing in the United States.
Four men have been arrested after a mother and daughter were killed in a crash in Oldham on Boxing Day.
Championship side Woking have signed Southampton midfielder Ryan Gape on loan until the end of the season.
An eight-year-old boy who ran the Great Yorkshire Run has been recognised for his "outstanding contribution to the county".
Media coverage of climate change has dropped sharply in the past year, according to a BBC investigation.
Former England captain David Ginola has launched his bid to become the next Fifa president, saying he believes he will be on the ballot.
Former world champion Laura Doherty has been drawn against Laura Evans in the second round of qualifying for the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl for an England legend.
Burkina Faso coach Oscar Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Gabon next month.
A police officer fired a Taser at a man who was threatening to set himself alight, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has rejected an offer from the RMT union in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Firefighters in California are continuing to battle a series of devastating wildfires that have spread across the state.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Paul Watson following a poor run of form.
A woman who was abducted while jogging in California may have had a "message" branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
A community group has launched a bid to reopen a historic swimming pool in Reading.
It's been a busy week in the world of emoji.
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister".
England's Paul Hadwin carded a final-round three-under-par 66 to finish three shots behind leader Charl Schwartzel at the Scottish Open.
An Orange Order group is planning to stage a protest parade in north Belfast on Friday evening.
A sapling planted by the Scottish suffragettes more than 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Scott Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling at the age of 31.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station has been operational for the first time in more than a decade.
A coroner has said he will write to the Department of Health about the safety of patients at weekends.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
HMNB Devonport could be placed under special measures for up to five years, the nuclear watchdog has warned.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Birmingham City's Adam Adams has had his appeal against his red card for the second time this season rejected.
A man and his son have been found dead at a house in London.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for a national ban on bringing animals on to hospital wards.
Young people are turning to stimulant laxatives to help lose weight, according to a charity.
One of the UK's most senior diplomats has said that leaving the European Union would be bad for business.
Irish police have arrested a man in the Republic of Ireland in connection with the London terror attack.
The pay and conditions of teachers in Wales will be devolved, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a two-car crash in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a permanent Jewish exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
Wales has resettled more Syrian refugees than any other UK jurisdiction in the past three months.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of running and running events in Windsor.
A Norwegian soldier has been killed in a collision with a tank during a military exercise in Norway, police say.
At a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, where at least 188 people were killed by suicide bombers on Friday, there is a palpable sense of anger.
Italian police have seized assets belonging to one of the world's most notorious fraudsters.
Two Swiss men have been sentenced to caning in Singapore for vandalising a train.
Plans for a £1.2m conservation project in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned a US missile strike on a Syrian government facility, saying it is "strongly condemn" the attack.
The Belfast Giants will play their first game of the 2017-18 Elite League season in a pre-season friendly.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A service has been held in Camden to protest against plans to remove the remains of some of the world's most famous people from the site.
Chris Stevens hit a career-best century as Kent beat Essex by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has said the Shia movement has offered "every possible and necessary aid" to the Syrian army.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum could be held in 2018.
More than 100 firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in Buckinghamshire.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Cameras are to be deployed in Pembrokeshire to record footage of police officers.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to complete 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson says Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he joined Celtic.
A 22-year-old woman has died after being detained by police in Lancashire.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt said his side were "desperate not to be part of what happened in Saturday's World Cup defeat by Argentina".
A Japanese father who left his seven-year-old son alone for six days has said he forgives him.
A man has been banned from driving for life after being found guilty of drink driving.
The owners of a Denbighshire hospital will have to pay more than £1m after a public inquiry into the condition of the building.
Israeli police have arrested a Palestinian man after a video emerged showing a policeman kicking a lorry driver in the head.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, says former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
An advertising agency has been criticised for asking "sexy" women to work for it for up to £50,000-a-year.
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, a Church of England survey has found.
The graves of four young girls killed in a bomb explosion in Wrexham during World War One are to be marked with a headstone.
The daughter of former peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse as an "absolute outrage".
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies in Florida and Ohio.
People who read regularly as children are more likely to improve their vocabulary than those who do not read newspapers, a study suggests.
National League side Lincoln City have signed former Grimsby Town defender Chris Davis on a two-year deal.
It's that time of year again when people go to the polls to vote.
Justice Secretary Philip Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Aid workers in Vanuatu have reached the worst-affected areas of the country after Cyclone Pam battered the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a Kurdish woman in the German city of Hannover.
Coventry City moved into the League One play-off places thanks to goals from Ben Roberts and Tom Fletcher, who both scored twice.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's lack of confidence is a factor in their defeat by Sunderland.
When Kanu Gandhi arrived at the ashram of Mahatma Gandhi in the western Indian city of Kolkata in 1938, he was a young man in his early twenties.
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
Workers at a telecommunications company in Torfaen have been told they are owed thousands of pounds in wages.
A mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of four sexual assaults has resigned.
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
A council has defended its decision to allow cyclists to ride through Mansfield Market in the run-up to the Tour of Britain.
Three Syrian refugees who escaped police surveillance in the German city of Leipzig have been hailed as heroes for their bravery and bravery.
Households aged 45-54 are more likely to be wealthy than those born a decade earlier, according to a new report.
Left-wing party Podemos (We Can) has launched its manifesto in the run-up to Spain's general election.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
Two things have come out of the blue for BP.
More than 60 pupils have been sent home from a Lancashire school for failing to wear proper uniforms.
Bollywood star Sanjay Bhansali is to direct a film on the life of an Indian boxer who fled violence in the north-eastern state of Assam.
The completion date for the £1.35bn Forth Crossing project has been changed by six months.
Campaigners have called on the Welsh Government to scrap plans to ban smacking children.
The villagers of Wukan, in Shanwei province in southern China, are demanding the release of their former leader, Lin Zuluan.
"Greatest election day of my life."
A company that makes washing machines for the NHS in Kent has been awarded a £1.5m grant to build a new production line in the county.
US President Barack Obama has criticised the UK's intervention in Libya, saying there is "room for criticism".
The conviction of a man who was shot dead by police 32 years ago has been referred to the Court of Appeal in Belfast.
North Korea has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas from Scottish Premiership rivals Dundee United for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions moved to the top of the Super League table with victory over Salford Red Devils.
Actress Jaime Winstone is to reprise her role as Dame Barbara Windsor in a biopic of her life, the BBC has announced.
Militinous soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Bouaké, in the north-eastern city of Abidjan, officials say.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to end a controversial tax on tampons.
The government is "turning a corner" in the recovery of the UK economy, Chancellor George Osborne has said.
It's not every day that you get a chance to meet the leaders of the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the next assembly election.
Plans for a new school on the site of a former landfill site in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead.
The price of Scottish pork has fallen by 18% in the last year, according to a trade union.
There are plenty of people making clothes for the catwalk.
A gang of thieves who stole power cables worth more than £1m have been jailed for eight years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour's home in January.
The Scottish government has announced that it will make it easier for children with disabilities to attend mainstream schools.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens hooker Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Sir Rod Temperton, who wrote many of Michael Jackson's hits, has died.
England women's captain Katie Taylor has been ruled out of the one-day series against Pakistan in June.
Nathaniel Zohore scored the only goal of the game as Cardiff City came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
A man has denied killing a woman who was hit by a bus in Merseyside.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 and M8 motorways as part of major road improvements in North Lanarkshire.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten half-century as England took control of the second Test against South Africa in Manchester.
Amputee football is one of the most popular and popular sports in the UK.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan would have been "virtually instantly and unaware of what had happened", an inquest has heard.
Ospreys captain Duncan Jones says it is "disappointing" the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has not signed a new contract with the Welsh region.
Retail nurseries are being squeezed out of the UK garden market by supermarkets, according to broadcaster Monty Don.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued after getting into difficulty while diving off the coast of Oban.
Oscar Pistorius has told the South African Supreme Court that he tried to save his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she was shot in the stomach.
Israeli police have raided the homes of companies that organise high school students' trips to Holocaust memorials in Poland.
Bradford fought back from a goal down to draw with Oldham in League One.
Nice have signed former Netherlands captain Gerard Sneijder for an undisclosed fee.
Dover made it two wins from two in the National League with a comfortable victory over Chester.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Falmouth to protest against plans for more student accommodation.
A three-year project to upgrade key parts of Scotland's motorway network has begun.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter, a police and crime commissioner has said.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he would "rather see David Cameron and the Conservatives back in government than actually work with the SNP".
The number of weddings in Gretna has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
A mother who went missing more than a month ago has told police she is "under a huge amount of emotional pressure and strain".
Plans for a new Welsh medium school in Haverfordwest have been approved by councillors.
A lot of people in the UK are worried about the number of children needing hospital treatment.
The family of a boy who suffered facial injuries when he was attacked by a neighbour's dog has been awarded £1.5m in compensation.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue of a British general.
House prices in the UK rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the country's largest mortgage lender.
A flag from the Battle of the Somme is expected to fetch up to Â£50,000 when it is auctioned in Powys later this month.
A British student has been jailed for five years in the United Arab Emirates after cocaine with a street value of £3,000 was found in his car.
The police have been given the all-clear to hand over the transcripts of a former loyalist journalist's account of the Troubles.
Russian Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test.
Antonio Antonio scored twice as Watford came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest.
Wales is "more important than ever" to spread the message of togetherness and unity over Christmas, the first minister has said.
The PGA Tour has been urged by the sport's governing body to comply with anti-doping rules for the Rio Olympics.
Imagine you have an Instagram account pretending to be you.
CCTV footage of a Sydney cafe siege in which a hostage was killed has been released by the Australian government.
Four Royal Navy frigates that were put up for sale in January have been sold to a Turkish ship recycler.
Salford Red Devils have signed Tonga international Tyrone McCarthy from Wigan Warriors for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln.
Syria has agreed to destroy its chemical weapons stockpile by mid-2014, the UN chemical weapons watchdog says.
Cystic fibrosis is likely to be a "fundamental treatment" for the disease, say doctors.
A bookshop that has been used as a set for the film When Did You Last See Your Father is facing a £5,000 repair bill.
Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland, the Ulster Unionist Party (UFU) has said.
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over plans to give English MPs more say over laws affecting England.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments about a missing boy on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
The president of Cyprus is due to sign a bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund.
Two climbers from the St Kilda archipelago have climbed two of the islands' highest cliffs.
A traffic camera on the M4 in Cardiff is catching more than 13,000 speeding drivers a day, according to figures obtained by BBC Wales.
The inquest into the death of a suicide bomber who killed 22 people at a Manchester concert has been adjourned until November, the Coroner's Court has heard.
The Department of the Department of Transport (DRD) has been ordered to pay compensation to a company that failed to secure a contract for a new dual carriageway.
Mae adeiladu arena ddigidol a chanolfan gynhadledd i'r ffordd yng Nghymru wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal ogleddol yw agor rhagor o siopau.
A Nottinghamshire doctor has been given a five-year jail term for wounding patients.
Two disabled people have won a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their benefits.
David Cameron and the SNP have clashed over the government's tax policies in the House of Commons.
Gunmen have opened fire in the German city of Friedrich-Stoltze, close to the main police station.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have rejected an offer of a 1% pay rise from the Department of Education and their employers.
More than half of nurseries and childminders say they will not offer free childcare to children in term time, a survey suggests.
A new study has revealed that flamingos stand proud while having a doze.
A 19-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a pedestrian in Londonderry.
London Underground's night Tube service is to go ahead after the RMT union agreed a pay and conditions deal with other unions.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones has completed a cycle race around the UK in a bid to raise awareness of missing people.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of insulting the country's president, her lawyer says.
Two RNLI lifeboats have been involved in a major search for a man believed to have fallen from a bridge in Broughty Ferry.
Plans for a multi-million pound shopping and leisure complex have been given the go-ahead.
The Organization of American States (OAS) has condemned Venezuela's Supreme Court for ordering the suspension of the country's legislative assembly.
Councils in Wales should be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh Government has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in a park in Carmarthenshire.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported their best-ever January passenger numbers, according to new figures.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
In the wake of the protests in Nicosia, the European Union has been in a tangle with the Cypriot government.
Two hunters have appeared in court in Zimbabwe over the killing of a lion in July.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from duty after being involved in a confrontation with a group of protesters at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax.
The Conservatives have won all of Cheshire's seats in the Cheshire constituency of Tatton.
At least 11 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says.
A bus has crashed into a wall and come to rest against a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water in South Ayrshire.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of an escort who was found dead in her flat.
Scotland has missed its target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2020, according to new figures.
How Welsh was King Arthur before the Saxons drove the Brythonic people west and north?
Work on the new high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham will cause a "huge" number of weekend closures, campaigners have warned.
A lorry driver has been jailed for seven years for causing the deaths of a mother and her unborn baby.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his work practices.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set alight in a house fire.
A tree office is to be built in east London.
Australia's new prime minister has dropped knights and dames from the country's honours system.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 24-24 on Sunday to win the Super Bowl for the first time in their history.
A Welsh actor has spoken of his "dream come true" of playing Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film.
Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Matej Benedicic for an undisclosed fee.
A construction worker has described a £1m arts and innovation centre in north Wales as a "mess".
The armed occupiers of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon have been on the loose for more than a week.
The family of a teenager who was killed by a schizophrenic have said they will not be taking the charity to the next stage.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Kilkeel, County Antrim.
An Orange Order parade has been held in the Ardoyne area of County Londonderry.
Shares in Anheuser-Busch InBev have risen after the brewing giant raised its offer for rival SABMiller.
A humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted off Australia's east coast.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government faces "tough choices" over its spending plans.
A Danish court has sentenced a journalist to 18 months in jail for leaking information about the country's royal family.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Adam Andrew has had his six-match ban for violent conduct cut to three games.
Former England batsman James Taylor has joined Yorkshire as an assistant coach, while former batsman David Sales has joined the county's coaching staff.
Manchester United midfielder Nani says he is "very confident" the club will have better results in the future despite their relegation from La Liga.
England manager Sam Allardyce is concerned about the future of goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Matt O'Shea's second-half goal secured victory for League One strugglers Port Vale over League Two strugglers Chesterfield.
China's imports fell in September as the country's economy continued to slow down.
A peer has been found guilty of sending a threatening Facebook message to immigration campaigner Karen Miller, saying she should "go back to her stinking jungles".
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by 3% in the year ending September 2015, according to official figures.
A majority of Scottish businesses believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to a Fraser of Allander survey.
Manchester United will be without captain Wayne Rooney, who has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
France's centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over social and economic reforms in a televised debate.
Doting fathers are more likely to influence the development of their children, a study suggests.
The government has said it will honour its pledge to fund free school meals for all infants.
Pembrokeshire council has been told it will have to cut the number of black bags it sends to customers in a bid to save money.
A California man has been jailed for 16 years for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A non-league football club has become the first in the country to stop selling animal products.
Raith Rovers have signed former Charlton Athletic midfielder Michael van Zanten on a two-year deal.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic and defending champion Serena Williams both reached the French Open semi-finals on a rain-affected day.
MSPs have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull boss Marco Silva has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's Premier League game against Burnley.
Manchester City are close to signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former Bomber Command airman who died during World War One.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson won gold in the long jump at the European Indoor Championships in London.
A British man who witnessed the moment a gunman opened fire on a train in Brussels has said he is "forever indebted" to the staff who helped save him.
A critically endangered Galapagos tortoise has died at the age of 90.
The United States women's football team will be paraded through New York City to celebrate their World Cup victory.
The funeral of two Irish boys who were found dead in a car in County Mayo has taken place.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a young girl and making indecent images of children.
Plans for a new post-16 education centre in Torfaen have been approved by councillors.
Rare photographs of Dambusters raids during World War Two have been sold at auction.
Chocolate eggs are being used to celebrate Wimbledon, according to a Dundee butcher.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's return to the starting line-up was "made for him".
A Russian conductor has performed in the Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time since Islamic State (IS) militants seized the ancient city in July.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a live broadcast of an opera about the hijacking of a Palestinian cruise ship by Palestinian militants.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says the club needs to improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
The UK appears to have abandoned its leadership on climate change, a UN climate change expert has said.
A robot that could not read or understand has outperformed thousands of high-school pupils, according to Japan's top scientist, Junko Arai.
A Syrian rebel group says it has captured the pilot of a jet which crashed in the north-eastern province of Idlib on Sunday.
Former England rugby union coach Stuart Lancaster is set to leave his role as head coach of Toulon.
The voice of Kermit the Frog is to leave the Muppets after more than 30 years.
Police have said the answer to the death of a 19-year-old man in Larkhall lies within the local community.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach in the Western Isles.
A driver who caused the death of a teenager by careless driving has been jailed for six years.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says his side can bounce back from their poor start to the Super League season.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black has confirmed that centre-back Mikael Lustig has withdrawn from the club's squad.
A house has been damaged in two separate attacks in Londonderry.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru are to launch their election manifesto in London on Thursday.
A wild swan which was shot in the head with a bow and arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild.
Non-formal and in-work education is to be included in a new register set up by Wales Council.
Saudi Arabia has carried out a record number of executions in the coming days, according to media reports.
Huddersfield Town have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Morgan-Smith on a two-year deal.
A group of zebras escaped from a zebra crossing in Quebec, Canada, on Friday.
Four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff in the Skye.
The Crown Office has said there is insufficient evidence to prosecute a Dundee West MP over his involvement in a fire engine campaign.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to secure an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure is linked to increasing understanding of our own identities, according to a report.
Silverstone should not have signed a contract to host the British Grand Prix, says former Formula 1 driver Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in Bridgend county has installed a high-definition weather camera in a bid to reduce the number of launches.
United Airlines has become the latest technology company to reward hackers for disclosing security flaws.
Michael Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat Inverness CT.
Scientists have found that angry faces make horses' heart rates speed up quicker than happy ones.
Police in north Wales have carried out a series of breath tests as part of a campaign to reduce deaths on the roads.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by two men in Edinburgh.
Carlos Charles scored the only goal of the game as Atletico Madrid beat La Liga leaders Barcelona to go top of La Liga.
Son Heung-min scored twice as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
Finance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on their next Premier League game against Manchester City.
A drug that reduces the risk of HIV infection in Wales is to be made available on the NHS, the Welsh Government has announced.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
Social housing in Wales contributed £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
More than 300 Transport for London (TfL) staff have been hired for the launch of the Night Tube, the operator has said.
Firefighters have been dealing with a second blaze at a derelict dockyard in Cardiff.
The police inquiry into historical child abuse in Wales should be scrapped and replaced with a stronger one, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
White teenagers in England are the most likely group of teenagers to apply to university, according to figures from the Universities College of England (Ucas).
Halifax moved up to second in the Challenge Cup table with a hard-fought win over Hull KR.
A three-month-old baby who died of sepsis would have survived if he had been in hospital, an inquest has heard.
A six-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her disabled twin brother at a new park.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has said paramilitary activity at her grandmother's funeral was what she wanted.
The organisation JogScotland Fife has said it is "devastated" after the Scottish government pulled funding for the programme.
The DUP and the Alliance Party are going head-to-head in the East Belfast election on Sunday.
A Metropolitan Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about an argument at the gates of Downing Street.
Actress Gemma Arterton is to star in a musical based on the 1968 film Made in Dagenham.
England's second innings in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was a nightmare to watch.
Two sheep farmers have been jailed for their part in the theft of more than 100 animals.
The Greek prime minister has said the "vicious circle of militarisation" between the EU and the US is "not productive".
Team Sky chief executive Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he handled the controversy over his use of a banned drug.
Russian journalist Alexander Tsilikin has been found stabbed to death in his home in St Petersburg.
In the early hours of the morning of 26 September 1986, the crew of Pan Am Flight 73 were preparing to take off from Karachi airport in Pakistan.
Police forces in England and Wales are being "chipped away" by a "conscious form of rationing", a watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with energy firms among the biggest fallers.
Two teenagers have been charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a Canadian teenager.
Great Britain's Adam Bevan has been ruled out of the Rio Olympics after suffering a serious leg injury.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
A search is under way for a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho described his side's 1-0 defeat by West Ham as "football from the 19th Century".
The UN envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile ceasefire in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae angen cofio am newidiadau posib yng Ngogledd Iwerddon, yn ôl Plaid Cymru.
Fly-half George North says the British and Irish Lions are ready to "kick on" in New Zealand after missing out on the first two matches of their tour.
A World War Two bomb has been found in Sheffield.
A video recording of England's World Cup winning squad has been released after it was shelved because of Alzheimer's disease.
Bangladesh's government has sacked a head teacher who was sacked for allegedly insulting Islam.
A number of environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been told their funding is to be withdrawn.
Indian cuisine is one of the most popular in the country.
Equiniti, the company behind the Passport Office, has been awarded a contract to provide a cloud-based time and attendance system.
Two teenage boys who went missing off the coast of Florida have been found safe and well.
A storm named Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the institution is doing "everything in its power" to prevent violence.
Plans to build a new stadium at Ashton Vale have been given the go-ahead by Bristol City.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how the Liberal Democrats fared in the local elections.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has said he will "taste" his three-year contract with the club "forever".
Newport County have signed former Falkirk and Portsmouth striker Matt Compton and ex-AFC Wimbledon striker Chris Rigg.
As Wales prepare for the Euro 2016 finals in France, BBC Sport takes a look back at some of the key moments in the country's history.
A bridge in the Italian city of Rome has been broken apart in a row over padlocks.
A British man has been arrested in India on suspicion of plotting the murder of his friend.
Garry Ringrose has been described as the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has performed her first live show in more than a decade at London's Roundhouse.
Glenurquhart were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Skye in the MacTavish Cup.
Online news site Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£70,000) to the owner of the site that posted a video of Hulk Hogan having sex with his friend.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has endorsed Seamus Eastwood as the party's new leader.
It is almost a year since the plane crash over Ukraine killed 298 people.
A painting by Pablo Picasso has become the most expensive painting ever sold at auction in New York.
Drug discovery is one of the world's most cost-effective and time-consuming fields.
Wales were held to a 2-2 draw by Portugal in their opening Euro 2016 warm-up match.
A five-year-old girl died after falling into a pool at a hotel in Lancashire, an inquest has heard.
A Pakistani man has been charged with murder after a child was dragged to death by a donkey.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says Saturday's Elite League play-off semi-final against Fife is the "hardest thing to win".
A number of mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed following an outbreak of flu.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to hand over documents relating to international transfers.
James Commons says he will not be leaving Celtic at the end of the season after his loan spell at Hibernian was extended.
More than 500,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30mph zone in a Leicestershire village, a campaign group has claimed.
French energy giant EDF has reported a €1.5bn (£1.6bn) fall in profits for the three months to the end of June.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he is "trying different things" as he tries to find a place in the snooker world.
The BBC has signed a new three-year deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations.
When Steven Gerrard announced his retirement as Liverpool captain on Monday night, Liverpool's fans were left in a state of shock.
The government has said it will honour its promise to provide additional funding for legacy investigations.
Spain is facing a crucial test in December over whether Catalonia should become an independent state.
A decision on whether to allow a developer to build on a former airfield site in Guildford has been delayed.
A County Londonderry search and rescue group is to receive a further £30,000 in funding.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled in the city centre.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Fifa has refused to allow England and Scotland players to wear poppies on their shirts.
Venezuela's military says it has received a distress call from a helicopter that crashed in the country on Friday, killing all 13 people on board.
The body of a woman who has been missing for more than a month has been found in woodland in Wirral.
Keaton Jennings hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset fought back against Durham at Taunton.
Newcastle United have been banned from using their ground as a venue for legal action against HM Revenue and Customs.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast has written to the government asking for support in fighting budget cuts.
Mansfield Town have signed former York City and Blackburn Rovers centre-back Ryan Jones on a two-year deal.
A petition calling for a direct elected mayor for Bath has been rejected by the council.
A body found in a river in the Malaysian city of Kuala Lumpur has been identified as that of a former armed forces medical officer, police say.
Detectives investigating the murders of a woman and a man at a flat in west London have launched a fresh appeal for witnesses.
England women's coach Pauline Powell says her side's 2-0 win over Japan in the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup can only increase their confidence.
Thousands of people have taken part in a memorial service for King William of Orange in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Wakefield Wolves full-back Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The US says it now estimates that the Islamic State (IS) group has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria.
A new herbal mead could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upset on a Sunday night, a Cardiff university professor has said.
The European Commission is considering whether to introduce a charge on homes in Northern Ireland for water conservation.
A memorial has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a British soldier during World War One.
A leading mental health expert has been appointed a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side Bury have signed former Cherries and Portsmouth midfielder David Hollands on a two-year deal.
Colombians have voted in the second round of presidential elections.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
Former world number one Phil Simpson has reached the second round of the World Squash Championship in Las Vegas.
Tommy Cummins scored the only goal of the game as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student who was found dead in a burning car.
Gordon Ramsay said he knew he had a chance to win The Open at Castle Stuart.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has branded the UK government's plans for a customs union with the rest of Europe as "nonsense and ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the Night Tube service will be introduced in the city.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital after inspectors raised concerns about staffing levels.
Sri Lanka's government has said it is ready to take action against the UN over allegations of war crimes during the country's civil war.
British Paralympic champion Gemma Butterfield set a new European record for the first time with victory in the women's F51 throw at the European Championships in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there can be no veto over Wales' interests.
A growing number of counterfeit malaria drugs are being used in parts of the world, say researchers.
At least nine people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes.
Teachers at a Birmingham school are staging a second strike in a row over pay, conditions and conditions.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business ties with foreign governments.
A police force has defended its use of a detention centre for convicted criminals.
Two academies in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping a newborn baby in Shropshire.
Rangers have signed former Leeds United and Leeds United midfielder Lukas Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has said she would like to watch Doctor Who on Christmas night.
Australia says it is "a step closer" to exporting feeder and slaughter cattle to China.
Three teenagers are being sought by police in connection with the disappearance of an airman in Bury St Edmunds.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been sent off for an elbow in the face of a West Ham defender.
Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng will be placed on the grave of Dinamo Bucharest in the Copa Libertadores final, the club has confirmed.
Mainland media in China are cautiously optimistic about the outcome of the trial of disgraced politician Bo Xilai on corruption charges.
A man who has cerebral palsy has said he will not be able to walk his dog unless he takes it with him.
Guernsey's public relations agency spent just over £1.1m on advertising in the past year, according to official figures.
Sophie Bryony has won a trampoline medal at the Rio Olympics.
Former shadow home secretary Owen Smith has entered the Labour leadership contest.
A priest is to stand trial accused of abusing pupils in the 1970s and 80s.
The daughter of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to mark the 100th anniversary of her abduction by the Taliban.
A top Russian prison service official has been arrested over the theft of a mountain road for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has unanimously approved the deployment of more than 200 police officers to Burundi in a bid to prevent further violence.
A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving in Caerphilly county.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Leyton Orient beat Luton Town in the EFL Cup first round.
Olympic gold medallist Jade Barker says British Cycling needs to do more to improve the treatment of its riders following the World Championships in Hong Kong.
Toyota has agreed to help develop a prototype flying car for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
A 90-year-old woman who has been living in the UK for more than two years is appealing against her deportation.
The prime minister has said he will consider a request for more money to deal with police investigations into Troubles-related cases.
Widnes Vikings rugby league star Michael Tickle is expected to make a "complete recovery" following an assault at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire utility firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telehandler.
Leyton Orient have completed the signing of Algeria international striker Abdelhak Mbolhi on a free transfer.
A community group has called on a council to delay the sale of a former school site in Ceredigion.
Colchester United missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Cornish Town manager Lee Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" in the National League.
A company has been fined £120 after a photographer was caught on camera moving a Ferrari in the Mews.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by motorbike drivers in Tanzania.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, helped by a rise in construction shares.
Women are more likely to ask for a pay rise than men, a study in Australia suggests.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a train in Aberdeenshire.
More than 100 soldiers involved in the Bloody Sunday massacre have been contacted by police.
Mae BBC Cymru wedi colli dau gymeriad yn ymwneud â ffrwydro o fewn tanc Challenger.
A court in Sri Lanka has sentenced a former vice-president to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition MP.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed former Huddersfield Town midfielder David Lawless on a two-year deal.
One of Wales' largest visitor centres has been told it will lose its core grant funding.
A teenager has escaped from a plane at San Francisco Airport after jumping through the emergency door and running away, according to eyewitnesses.
Police investigating the murder of a woman whose body was found in Edinburgh have said they have no evidence of criminality.
Five British children have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria.
Irish road racer Franck Petricola has died after a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A petition calling for all women in the reproductive age to be banned from entering Hindu temples throughout the year has been launched on social media.
A woman died after eating a sorbet on holiday in Greece, an inquest has heard.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to have sex with her has been jailed for ten years.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen for the first time in three months.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
Formula 1 is about to get a new generation of drivers.
Police are investigating after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali suffered a serious head injury in a crash on stage two of the Vuelta a Espana.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win the Mubadala World Tennis Championship in Morocco.
A five-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen for the first time in five years.
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
The first episode of Doctor Who, An Unearthly Child, is to be shown in a special to mark the show's 60th anniversary.
Two rockets have hit Israeli-occupied Egyptian city of Eilat.
It's been more than 50 years since the first book I read was published.
The Gulf War was the first of its kind in the Middle East.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the Libyan capital, Tripoli, to protest against what they say is a neo-Nazi takeover of the city.
Wales scrum-half Jonathan Hook has returned to Ospreys from French side Perpignan for an undisclosed fee.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out about being fat-shamed on set.
Plans for an incineration plant on a former coal-fired power station in Norwich have been backed by the city council.
Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married.
ITV drama Broadchurch is to return for a final series, the network has announced.
The Doonhamers are not the only ones celebrating the success of the Transatlantic Cable.
The chief executive of a hospital trust which has been criticised over waiting times has stepped down.
A new road junction in Plymouth is to be fitted with temporary traffic lights after a rise in the number of collisions.
Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition politician who was assassinated last year, has published a dossier on Russia's involvement in the conflict in Ukraine.
At Dumfries Prison, more than 1,000 prisoners are housed in a small cell.
John Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner in Londonderry.
More than 100,000 cigarettes and tobacco have been seized in Lincolnshire as part of a police crackdown.
Thousands of people have turned out for the 70th anniversary of Edinburgh's Hogmanay Street Party.
The evacuation of the German city of Augsburg from a World War Two bomb site is due to begin on Sunday.
A new fossil has shed light on the evolution of a group of land-based reptiles that lay eggs on land.
The number of GPs in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures have shown.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers what should be done when things go wrong.
The driver of a speedboat which crashed into a buoy in the Solent did not run a safety test run, a report has found.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in France probably made a sharp turn as he tried to right the plane, an inquest has heard.
UK Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the UK has no plans to withdraw troops from Syria.
Prof Stephen Hawking is to give his first public lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in the red, the Department for Education has said.
Airport workers in Chile have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
A Danish man has been arrested over the death of a woman on board a submarine that sank off the coast of Copenhagen.
Energy suppliers are being asked to limit the time they can charge customers for back-billing their gas and electricity bills, according to Citizens Advice.
A public inquiry into the death of a boy in a Glasgow cemetery has heard that hundreds of gravestones were laid flat because of safety concerns.
For decades, the image of 007 has been synonymous with the spy agency.
Dixons Carphone has reported record profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex have appointed Brendon McCullum as their new Twenty20 coach.
China's Baosteel, the country's biggest steelmaker, has announced it is to merge with a smaller rival in a deal that would create the world's second-largest steelmaker.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was right to make a big decision for Saturday's FA Cup final.
In 1947, India and Pakistan became independent.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Egypt beat Zambia's Ahly of Egypt 2-1 in the first leg of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Rabat on Sunday.
Ed Sheeran has announced that he will be leaving the UK at the end of the year.
A boy with severe cerebral palsy is to receive a £2.3m payout from the ambulance service after a legal battle over his care.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "responsible" for his side's 1-0 Champions League defeat by Sevilla in Basel.
Thousands of students have been caught cheating in the eastern Indian state of Bihar.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by five runs in the second Test in Melbourne.
Scientists in Japan have developed a drug that kills the first stage of the roundworm parasite.
German engineering giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their bids for France's Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has returned to action for the first time since being diagnosed with cancer last year.
A council has been ordered to pay £190,393 in damages to a blogger who said it was "unlawful" to harass her.
Belfast Stakes won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Fairyhouse on Saturday.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dashed as they were beaten 6-6 by the Netherlands in Berlin.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has called on fans to "get behind" his side after their recent poor form.
It is not every day that a football match is played in Belfast, but in recent years it has been one of the most memorable.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash in Northumberland.
Libya's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has been rejected by African football's governing body.
Thousands of people have taken part in the London Marathon.
When Jane Austen was killed by a zombie in her first novel, it was only a matter of time before she became the heroine of a new film.
Ciara Mageean has been offered a place in the Northern Ireland team for the European Championships.
Dundee manager Mark Hughes praised his goalkeeper after his side were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A fire which broke out on the set of soap opera EastEnders has been extinguished, the BBC has said.
When an Indian Paralympian won a silver medal in the men's high jump at the London 2012 Games, it sent a powerful message to the rest of the world.
A social worker who viewed pornography on more than 1,000 occasions has been sacked.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager after three years in charge.
A 35-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson will not play for the club again this weekend after being charged with sexual activity with a child.
A man has been jailed for three years for tax evasion.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has left the authority after voters were turned away from polling stations because their names were on the electoral register.
A cake maker has made a life-sized replica of Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) to celebrate the vehicle's two millionth birthday.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised after an early version of their general election campaign was called "Theresa May and Co".
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£3.3m) fine over the transfer of Brazil forward Neymar to Barcelona in 2013.
Leading Democrats in the US have called for tighter gun control laws in the wake of the mass shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the UK can be safely managed, according to a report.
The Statue of Liberty has been evacuated in the US city of New York after a suspicious package was found near lockers.
The Republic of Ireland's taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Cowen has apologised for his "hoarseness" in a radio interview on Monday.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker Frank Herd and striker Chris Nouble on loan until the end of the season.
Tottenham are "a long way down the path" of reaching an agreement with Chelsea to play their home games at Wembley, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the most popular holiday foods in the Caribbean.
UK industrial production fell by 0.3% in the first three months of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN human rights chief has called for an investigation into the shooting of civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre last month.
Money can be hard to come by, especially if you are trying to save money, a new report says.
Families of the Birmingham Six who died in the Bloody Sunday pub bombings have been urged to apply for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has declined a state funeral invitation for former cricketer Richie Benaud, who died on Saturday.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House has said in a statement.
The body of missing Inverness teenager James Mitchell has been found in the River Tay.
Average house prices in the UK rose by more than expected in the year to December, according to the Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray produced a superb display to beat Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios and reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a rule in Scottish football to make the game better.
A body has been found after a fire at a house in Reading.
An 18-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a student at a residential school in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
Coldplay took to the stage at the Bandstand Marathon to mark the closing of the London 2012 Festival.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the rise of the so-called "comforter".
Iran is committed to giving up its nuclear programme, Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have criticised a "culture of complacency" at Scotland's largest health board.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France.
One of the missing Chibok schoolgirls has been found alive in a forest in north-east Nigeria, the Nigerian military says.
UEFA has set up a portal for Northern Ireland fans to buy tickets for next month's Euro 2016 finals.
A record 33 Scots will represent Great Britain at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
The BBC's director in the Middle East has accused the Iranian authorities of "increasing levels of intimidation".
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has called for joint patrols to protect an endangered elephant species in northern Mali.
The Royal Welsh Regiment's new colours will be unveiled at Twickenham later this month, the regiment has announced.
Ukraine's youngest ever deputy minster has been subjected to a torrent of criticism on social media.
A former mental health trust worker has said it felt "dangerous" to treat inmates with "unmet needs".
Mark McGinn says Hibernian's recent poor form is a reason for their relegation from the Championship.
More than 100 police officers have been arrested and charged in connection with the murder of 17-year-old Ian Lawrences.
Telefonica and Hutchison have threatened legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator over its decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum.
Mexico's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is set to win the presidential election, according to official projections.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched at Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard.
It can be very difficult to get a university place if your daughter misses out on a good set of AS results.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday as oil prices continued to fall.
David Cameron will have to step down at some point during the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether 2013 has been a good year for Africa.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", has been sacked, Saudi officials say.
Tesco is to sell its Fresh & Easy brand in the US to private equity firm Yucaipa.
The new chief executive of a health board in Cardiff has been named.
Former Rangers midfielder Dean Shiels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has teamed up with Paul McCartney for her new single, Four Five Seconds.
Baltimore's police chief has resigned amid criticism of his handling of the city's recent rioting.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug isotretinoin has doubled in the past five years, according to NHS data.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the Shining Path drug group.
Tributes have been paid to a British jet pilot who died in a crash during the CarFest music festival.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a drone strike in Pakistan, the US says.
President Donald Trump is to announce his decision on whether to pull all 8,400 US troops out of Afghanistan on Sunday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the value of the pound.
Ricky Burns' career seemed to be coming to an end.
Myanmar's military says it has disciplined more than 1,000 villagers and soldiers for their alleged involvement in a crackdown on the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are being "at the heart of the criminal justice system", the country's most senior police and crime commissioner has said.
An Australian author has received a surprise award for her work after receiving an email saying she had won the prestigious Windham-Campbell prize.
A German doctor who was refused entry to a doctoral exam because of her Jewish ancestry has finally received her PhD.
Stoke City have signed Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A 32-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The number of homes being repossessed in the second quarter of the year has fallen, according to the UK's biggest mortgage lenders.
The Conservatives have won the seat of Bridgend in the Welsh Assembly.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Byron Rhodes looks at the crisis facing local authorities in England.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
A travel company has said it will stop offering trips to zoos in the UK.
Lionel Richie has announced he will perform at the Las Vegas Motor Show next year.
Anglers should be banned from fishing at a country park after a swan was injured by a fishing hook, a wildlife rescue charity has said.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand was a fantastic one.
A vigilante paedophile hunter group has been criticised by Kent Police for "disastrous" results.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly after their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Highland Council is seeking quotes for repair work after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae cwest yn Aberystwyth wedi ei chaethiwo o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind ar ôl cyfnod y Nadolig.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the Elite League club.
Moeen Ali hit a half-century as England took control of the second Test against West Indies at Headingley.
Rupert Murdoch "turned a blind eye" to phone hacking, a report by MPs has concluded.
The parents of a mother and her husband who died of cancer have said they are "joining the gang" following a worldwide appeal for their care.
A strike on Southern rail is set to continue until the end of the year, the RMT union has said.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in North Lanarkshire has been discharged.
Sweden's decision to cut back its standard 40-hour working week has sparked a debate about work culture and the future of work in the Nordic country.
Ineos Grangemouth has announced plans to close its KG ethylene cracker plant in the North Sea.
League One side Bury have signed Crystal Palace defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby who has been diagnosed with a rare form of leukaemia want to raise money for her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back David Eckersley on a two-year deal.
The operator of Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant has unveiled a timetable to end the country's worst nuclear disaster since World War II.
Tata Steel is to submit a formal bid for its Port Talbot and Scunthorpe plants, the company has confirmed.
The Vatican has said it is in talks with France over the appointment of a gay ambassador to the Vatican.
Rangers beat Celtic 6-6 on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her two-year-old son.
The daughter of Paul Walker, who died in a Porsche crash in California, is suing the carmaker for damages, according to reports.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has vowed to rebuild a fireworks market destroyed by explosions on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have made a "stepping stone" towards developing a universal flu jab.
A review into the way Northern Ireland's police and security services deal with legacy inquests has begun.
More than 100,000 people have been killed in the devastating earthquake in Sri Lanka.
David Cameron has said he is "open to different ways" of dealing with the issue of child benefit curbs in the Conservative manifesto.
The world premiere of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been met with mixed reviews from critics.
A prison where two inmates escaped through a cell window is "inhumane", a watchdog has said.
Ivanka Trump has been appointed to the White House by President Donald Trump.
A village pub which was put up for sale after a community group raised more than £300,000 is to be run as a free house.
Civil rights group the Movement for Black Lives has asked Facebook to clarify its policy on removing racist content.
What would happen to the M4 Black Route?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the European Road Championships in Germany.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was pleased with his side's performance in their 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their unbeaten start to the Women's Super League One season with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament is debating a bill that would give the police greater powers to target protesters.
A campaign has been launched to stop work being carried out on a derelict apartment in the Chelsea Hotel.
It is easy to forget that football is not as central to American life as it is to European or South American life.
Lego, the creator of Ai Weiwei, has been at the centre of a controversy in China.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in an investigation into alleged match-fixing in football.
A report into the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales is to be published later this year, the health commissioner has said.
In 2013, Northern Ireland's peace process hit a new low.
Birmingham City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jack Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it wants to increase the number of tablets in its schools.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a woman in Denbighshire.
The number of prisoners at a "worse" prison has more than doubled in the past five years, inspectors have said.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes in Syria against Islamic State (IS) militants in the north-eastern city of Palmyra.
A man has been charged with 26 counts of homicide in the US city of Phoenix, police say.
Iran's foreign minister, Javad Zarif, has told the BBC that Iran's participation in peace talks with world powers in Vienna is a "step too far".
Children with peanut allergy can now eat five whole peanuts a day for six months, a large study suggests.
Michael Gove and Theresa May have accused each other of indulging in a "public blame game" after a letter appeared on the Home Office website.
Mead is a drink long associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect major disruption to their journeys as work is carried out to remove part of the historic Winchburgh tunnel.
The wife of a British holidaymaker killed in the Tunisia terror attack has paid tribute to her husband.
A body has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second election before Christmas would be a "shambles".
A nature reserve in Somerset has reopened to the public after being closed for 10 years for redevelopment.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been given a one-match touchline ban after being charged with an elbow in the face of Arsenal's Arter.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has long been criticised for its lack of independence.
A Dorset military museum is to receive a £1.5m lottery grant to help it celebrate the centenary of World War One.
Moussa Dembele says he is "happy to be at Celtic" despite reports linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat Rangers.
A police investigation into serial killer Peter Tobin has been scaled back after 34 years.
Billy Root hit a century as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A Muslim teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been refused entry to the United States by security staff during a school trip.
Two men have appeared in court accused of helping a British man fight for Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Plans to introduce a single percentage of affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a report has concluded.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat Hoffenheim and keep their Bundesliga title hopes alive.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a mountain in Anglesey.
Scott Halkett's late header gave Rangers victory over Livingston in the Scottish League Cup.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated signed shirts to a football club in memory of a Paralympian who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being attacked and robbed at knifepoint in East Kilbride.
Matt Parkin scored a late winner as Cheltenham came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers in the National League.
Anthony Watson will be available for England's Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Cape Town to take a 2-1 lead in the two-match series.
More than 100 people have been rescued from flood water in Southend.
When Sarah Seifert decided to take part in a national beauty pageant in the Philippines in 2009, she had no idea what she would become.
Ebbsfleet secured their first National League win of the season with a 2-2 draw at Guiseley.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said there will be no more joint military exercises with the US next year.
There is "every likelihood" of a vote in the Welsh Assembly on triggering Article 50, the UK government has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Southampton eased to victory over Hull City.
A former BBC presenter has apologised for suggesting the name of a new British Antarctic Survey research vessel.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
A senior civil servant has been appointed to carry out a strategic review of the security arrangements in London.
A handwritten note signed by a German general declaring the end of World War Two has been sold at auction for £1,000.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary.
A British man has gone missing in the Black Sea.
Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
A charity which provides specialist support for victims of historical child sex abuse has said it has seen a "significant gap" in the availability of services.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked by the club after being found guilty of match-fixing.
"I'm looking for any signs of arthritis," says the vet who is treating Daisy the sheep.
Nigel Farage has said the UK will hold a referendum on whether to remain in the European Union in February.
For more than half a century, the United States has been a global power.
Parma have been unable to register for Serie B because of a lack of interest from two of the club's former owners.
Haiti's President Michel Martelly has announced that three cabinet ministers will step down after he was accused of insulting a woman at a campaign rally.
Caroline Flack and Olly Murs have been announced as the new hosts of The X Factor.
The mother of a man killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has signed a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced.
A fire at a toy factory in Doncaster has forced the closure of the South Yorkshire Main Line.
A British backpacker has been found dead after falling from a train in Thailand, police say.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock fears his side are "going to limp over the line" after conceding two late goals in their last two games.
Manchester City defender Samir Nasri is "getting fit" and will be fit in the next two weeks, says manager Pep Guardiola.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol in their first La Liga game of the season.
Ghana's former President-elect Nana Akufo-Addo has won the presidential election.
Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have been protesting in the capital, Harare, against the government of President Robert Mugabe.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
At least six people have been killed and dozens injured in a suspected gas explosion in southern Spain, local media report.
A man accused of helping to smuggle horsemeat into the UK has appeared in court at London's High Court.
India is set to become the first country in the world to introduce a unique biometric identity system.
Google searches on Google and other webmail services could be intercepted by the UK's spy agency, it has been revealed.
Northern Ireland's Jonathan Evans won the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) for the first time in his career as he finished second behind team-mate Pascal Ogier.
Russia and Iran have agreed to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas of Syria in a bid to end months of violence.
A chain of bubble tea cafes in the UK has agreed to pay staff at least the minimum wage after a row over a training contract.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps and move back to the top of the table.
A judge in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the death of a man accused of being part of a gang.
Three Welsh Labour AMs have backed Yvette Cooper in the race to be the party's next leader, the party has said.
Political divisions are "widening and exacerbating tensions in our society", according to a human rights watchdog.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Fox looks at the joys of mudlarking.
The number of people with mental health problems attending A&E units in England has more than doubled in the past five years, figures have shown.
Liverpool City Council has called on retailers and vendors of newspapers in the city to stop selling The Sun.
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for causing the death of a five-year old girl by dangerous driving.
Restrictions imposed on bus services contracted by Bristol City Council are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the recent terror attacks in Brussels were "not the end of the world".
The United Arab Emirates says it has intercepted two missiles fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen.
The government has said it is "happy" to roll out changes to mobility allowance in England and Wales.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still expecting to be active in the transfer market.
Mark Molesley scored a late winner as Portsmouth came from behind to beat Aldershot in the FA Cup second round.
An album of signatures from members of the RAF's Dambusters squadron who flew in World War Two's Möhne Dam bombing raids has sold for £1,000.
The Welsh Government's eradication of bovine TB has been a success, the country's chief medical officer has said.
A 73-year-old man has been arrested as part of an investigation into phone hacking by the News of the World newspaper.
The Church in Wales has accused Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising" its partnership with the Diocese of St Asaph.
Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo won the African Confederation Cup for the second time by beating Bejaia of Ethiopia 2-1 in the final on Sunday.
Malian soldiers have been accused of carrying out summary executions in the west and centre of the country, a rights group has said.
Women's Super League One side Notts County Ladies have signed England Under-20 international defender Hannah Greenwood from Liverpool Ladies.
Great Britain's men suffered a 2-1 defeat by Australia in the opening game of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thein Sein, the former prime minister of Myanmar, has been described as a "quiet and soft-spoken" leader.
Jewellery worth more than £20,000 has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor jailed for falsifying clinical trials has had his name removed from the medical register.
David Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half-centuries as South Africa beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the one-day series in Hamilton.
A 17th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to a working condition.
Hundreds of jobs are to go at Tata's steelmaking plant in Newport, the company has announced.
Britain's Katie Cave won the Women's Ironman World Championships in Rio, claiming the title in the process.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said he regrets his decision to join the invasion of Iraq.
Colchester United have signed striker Ben Guthrie following his release by Grimsby Town.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin would be "unbelievable" for the country.
Mercedes dominated the first flying laps at the Italian Grand Prix as Ferrari dominated on the medium tyre.
Michael Evans set the pace in first practice at the Isle of Man TT on Friday.
The chairman of the Work and Pensions Committee has been asked to explain why plans for a controversial pension scheme were never approved by the Pensions Regulator.
The family of a man who died during the Troubles have said they are "sitting on their hands doing nothing" over the discovery of a bullet lodged in his body.
West Ham remain top of the Premier League after a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace.
Former Top Gear presenter Philip Hammond says he is "back in action soon" after suffering serious injuries in a crash while filming for The Grand Tour.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has "no intention of resigning" following a row over the running of common grazings.
A man has been jailed for five years for the manslaughter of a Polish worker who fell from a warehouse roof.
Comedian Gerry Anderson has said he was told he was no longer able to drive after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Hundreds of thousands of parents who give up work to care for their children could be eligible for National Insurance credits, a senior policy adviser has said.
Plans for a new theme park in Bournemouth have been given the go-ahead.
Nigeria has become the second country in Africa to pull out of international flights because of a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakian striker Matej Kozak for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes in public places under a new law introduced by Public Health Wales.
Burnley boss Sean Dyche has done "fantastic" for the club, says West Brom boss Tony Pulis.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile (ICBM) into the sea, the Pentagon says.
Stuart Martin says Scotland must be "braver on the ball" if they are to beat France in their final World Cup warm-up match.
Australian anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has won an appeal against the cancellation of his visa to speak in the US.
Jon Stewart's daily political satire show, The Daily Show, has gone on air for more than a decade.
Former Plaid Cymru leader David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Swansea City Council.
Lancashire all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with the county.
A tribute to John Williams will be played at this year's BBC Proms in Hull to mark the festival's 90th anniversary.
The SNP has been the largest party in Scotland's local elections, with 32% of the vote, according to official figures.
The UN has called on Iraqi government forces to do "absolutely everything they can" to ensure civilians survive the battle to retake western Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Gusts of up to 90mph (145kmph) are expected to hit parts of Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Nanowire skins could be used to make devices that can detect high levels of electrical current.
Plans for a review of the future of rural schools in the Borders have been unveiled by the local authority.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Aberdeen eased to victory over Ayr United.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car.
Booker Prize-winning author Stephen St Aubyn has won the Wodehouse Prize for fiction.
England will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup in November.
California has declared a drought emergency for the second month in a row, with the state using more water than it used in July.
A three-year-old lion that escaped from a South African national park has been re-introduced into the wild.
A Florida mosque has been forced to move its polling site after complaints it discriminated against Muslims.
University staff across the UK are to stage a one-day strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
Chinese authorities have arrested several people for spreading rumours about the Tianjin blasts, state media report.
The acidification of the oceans could have a devastating impact on marine life, according to a new report.
Nick Cave's twin brother died after falling from a cliff in Brighton, an inquest has heard.
The US has kept interest rates on hold at a record low of 0.5% after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage 13 of the Tour de France in the wake of the terrorist attack in Nice.
A bus driver who suffered a blackout following the Glasgow bin lorry crash was "fit to drive", a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of "Nazi practices" and said it has been a long time since Germany left them.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Marouane Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh scrum-half Tom Toolis has left the Premiership club by mutual consent.
At least 11 people have been killed in three suicide car bomb attacks in the Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a three-year deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings in the UK.
Iran's new parliament has elected 17 women, the highest number since the 1979 revolution.
An 11-year-old boy from the US has become the youngest winner of the spelling competition in the United States.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
More than half of teachers in England say they have been subjected to abuse online this year, a teachers' union has said.
A Canadian mother has described the moment she and her 12-year-old son escaped a house fire.
Partick Thistle are in talks with Swindon Town about appointing Alan Archibald as their new manager, BBC Scotland understands.
British motorcyclist Gary Carswell has died after a crash at a race in Essex.
Russia has dismissed as " amateurish, unprofessional" claims that it was behind the hacking of Democratic Party emails.
The board of American Apparel has filed a lawsuit against former chief executive Dave Charney, accusing him of harassing female employees.
A memorial has been held to a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Paris.
Two powerful earthquakes have struck the north-eastern Chinese province of Gansu, killing at least one person and injuring hundreds more, officials say.
Reading secured their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with a comfortable win over Burton.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rented sector, according to a new report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Michael Taylor will make his professional debut at London's SSE Arena on Saturday, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
Cardiff is to become the first city in the world to adopt a new approach to tackling violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the latest developments in artificial intelligence research.
Norwich City midfielder Jordan Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Christian Jung won the Grand Slam of Horse-Riding at Badminton to secure Great Britain a place at the 2016 Olympics.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary, the island's pro-independence movement is raising questions about the future of the island and its relationship with China.
Tens of thousands of people have protested against the treatment of a man who died after being stopped by police.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared a global public health emergency over the Zika virus.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for a summit of world leaders to tackle corruption.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over St Johnstone.
New mothers in England are more likely to breastfeed than in any other part of the UK, new figures show.
War and Peace has been picked up by the BBC as the most watched drama of the year so far.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' World Cup qualifying campaign will not change in the summer, says defender Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand has been found safe and well, police say.
The Western Sahara is one of the most strategically important regions of the Sahara Desert.
Michael Donnelly secured his place in the semi-finals of the men's lightweight at the Rio Olympics with a unanimous points win over France's Pierre-Hugues Lefebvre.
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a rotating restaurant floor and a wall in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has rejected calls from three northern Italian regions to take in more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Aleksander Andreyev, has said that his comments about Poland's role in World War Two were "misinterpreted".
The French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has launched a new book in the wake of the murder of its editor, Abdelhamid Charb.
Flood sirens have been sounded across parts of the Calderdale valley in a bid to save homes from flooding.
A crane ship has been used to lift a huge piece of concrete off the coast of Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a free school in Bradford.
A digital archive of Scotland's high rise buildings has been launched in Glasgow.
Scotland's Olympic judo star Stephanie MacLeod has said she is "up and about before you know it and come and see everyone".
Scotland's Brexit minister has said it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" if the UK leaves the European Union.
The CIA has released code used to hide the origins of malware used by Wikileaks, according to security experts.
Leeds City Museum has unveiled the earliest known examples of paper from the city council's collection.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's first-half strike earned Cheltenham a point at Mansfield.
Britain's Andy Murray recovered from a foot injury to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open.
A councillor has called for "serious consideration" to the use of local engineering expertise to carry out repairs to a damaged oil rig.
Craig Gordon says he was happy with the way he played on his return to the Liverpool starting line-up on Saturday.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 in the National League.
At least 11 people have been killed in a landslide in Colombia's north-west, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Ben Ormsby on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted. All pictures subject to copyright.
A tunnel boring machine has reached the end of one of the UK's busiest railway stations.
A former IRA leader has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville.
Jared Payne has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations opener against England on Saturday.
A British man who was sent to the US to fight with the Taliban in Iraq has been killed in a bomb attack in Mosul, the Iraqi army says.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will not require surgery on his ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" for Northern Ireland after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Sports Direct's chief executive Dave Forsey has left the company, the BBC understands.
Las Vegas is known as the city of the lights.
England's hopes of winning the first Test against Pakistan in Sharjah were dashed by a rain-affected second day of the second Test.
China won their first gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory over Japan in the men's table tennis.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, are to visit Australia later this month.
More than half of beaches in England do not have lifeguards on duty, according to new research.
Gwen Ifill, the former co-host of the Democratic presidential debate, has died at the age of 72.
It's that time of year again when it comes to children's literature.
Former Aston Villa defender Tom Savage believes Steve Bruce will be a good choice as the club's new manager.
There will be significant arrests in the coming days, the PSNI has said.
A sports journalist is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a head injury in an attack.
National League side Chester have signed former Birmingham City midfielder Ryan Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with victory over Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has said it is in talks with workers in France over the redundancy of its direct selling representatives.
Formula 1's new generation of cars have been unveiled at the first pre-season test in Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire.
Thousands of ceramic poppies, which helped raise £9m for charity, are to go on display at two museums in England.
When Sir Jeffery Amherst was appointed governor of Guernsey in 1760, he was widely regarded as one of the most important figures in British colonial history.
Kenya's Olympic 800 metres champion Rebecca Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a drugs test.
Councillors in Greater Manchester have given the go-ahead for plans to expand the largest offshore wind farm in the UK.
A US judge has ordered Apple to pay more than $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in damages over a patent dispute.
A Northern Ireland fan has died after falling from a promenade during Saturday's Euro 2016 match against Germany at the Stade de France.
Ruth Harsent has been shortlisted for the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has withdrawn from next month's UK Championship in Sheffield.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a woman was left with a large perforation in her stomach after drinking a liquid nitrogen shot.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of human remains in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday.
The care of older people in the Western Isles has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
A man has been seriously injured in a "horrendous" hammer attack.
DR Congo's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations were dealt a major blow as they were knocked out of the Confederation of African Football (CHAN) by Zambia.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says Ollie Ntcham has the potential to be a "top, top level number eight" after the midfielder impressed in Saturday's friendly against Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge on the A9 between Inverness and Perth have been published.
Computer scientist Ben Kenobi of the University of Mos Eisley, Tatooine, has made a spoof of April Fools' Day by creating a fake image of the particle physicist.
UKIP's leader in Wales has said the party is "very confident" of breaking through next year's assembly election.
A Polish deli owner in Peterborough says she has been receiving hate mail and phone calls since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A 52-year-old man has been jailed for sexually abusing a child in Pembrokeshire.
The parents of a 15-year-old Mexican girl who was invited to her 15th birthday party have said they will not turn anyone away.
A crowdfunding appeal has been launched to help the family of a three-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in her bedroom.
Water voles have been released from a nature reserve in Pembrokeshire.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, the Home Office has said.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees of the University of Pennsylvania, amid sexual assault allegations.
A suspected unexploded World War Two bomb has been found off the coast of Gwynedd, police have said.
The rate of global warming was at least four times faster than it is today, according to a new study.
A group of young people take to the streets of Fife to take part in a gymnastics competition.
St Helens moved up to second in Super League with a hard-fought win over Catalans Dragons.
A Denbighshire man whose home was flooded three years ago has said it is "as safe as we can do it".
Telecoms giant BT is to roll out broadband services in Scotland and Wales for the first time.
Labour has said it will introduce fines of up to 100% of the value of tax evasion if it wins the election.
Rugby should be banned from schools and clubs in England, according to a leading medical expert.
Parts of a medieval castle on the Isle of Wight are to be restored as part of a conservation project.
Health Secretary Arlene Robison has said an independent review into the safety of mesh implants is to be examined.
Hundreds of eggs worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from gull nests in a harbour.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the past five years, the BBC has learned.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition calling for an end to a controversial dog festival.
China's Zhang Long won Olympic gold in the men's -70kg weightlifting with a stunning display in Rio.
Manchester United have signed Netherlands striker Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for an undisclosed fee.
The world of virtual reality is about to get even more exciting.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won gold in the women's Bouldering World Cup in Slovenia.
A man who attacked worshippers at a Dundee mosque by shouting "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers" has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Four men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a mill.
A delivery driver has been attacked with a golf club during an "unprovoked" robbery in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales needs to go further and faster, the former head of the Church in Wales has said.
More than 40,000 hectares of commercial forest in Wales need to be re-planted to meet the growing demand for timber, according to forestry organisations.
European eels have been found on a river in Norfolk for the first time in more than 40 years.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has been charged with killing a policeman in a hit-and-run crash in the southern Indian city of Mumbai.
At the funeral of Eddie Hutch in Londonderry on Saturday, the funeral took place in the Republic of Ireland.
A sportive is to be held in memory of former Tour de France winner Robert Millar.
Immigrants should be able to learn Welsh as an alternative to English if living and working in Wales, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the US has more than doubled in the last five years, according to research.
A hospital has apologised after a patient's bung fell out during a routine surgery.
Hungary has accused European leaders of "egoism" and "common European sense" over its handling of the migrant crisis.
Melania Trump's decision to move her son into the White House in the middle of the school year has been met with mixed reactions on social media.
A Labour AM has said he would ask the chair of the Welsh Government to accept a call for a forensic investigation into Labour "endangering devolution".
A firefighter has been sacked for failing to respond to two 999 calls within 24 hours of a woman's death.
A Gloucestershire secondary school is to close, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Paintings by Welsh artist Tryweryn Williams are to go on show for the first time in more than a decade.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, has suspended all transactions on its platform after a security breach.
Matthew Gregory has been keeping his eyes glued to a screen as he prepares to make his Masters debut.
A 22-year-old woman who filmed herself taking her own life on the Periscope social media app has become the subject of intense scrutiny in France.
A woman who stabbed her elderly mother to death has been jailed for life.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as the value of the dollar rose.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsene Wenger's first game in charge of Arsenal ended in a crushing defeat as Manchester United thrashed the Gunners at Old Trafford.
A group of tourists have been evacuated from Mount Etna in Italy after a lava flow burst into snow.
David Cameron is "greatly dismayed" by the SNP's election victory in Scotland, a former Scottish Conservative minister has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland is a "quality guy" and a "very good coach", according to former New Zealand captain Tom Brooke.
Bruno Jonas scored a hat-trick as Benfica thrashed Vitória Guimarães to win the Portuguese league.
When Patrick Smith was born with a broken foot, he thought he was going to be an Olympian.
Down secured their first win of the season with a 1-13 to 0-14 victory over Meath in Division Two of the All-Ireland Football League.
Tributes have been paid to a Labour councillor who has died after a long battle with cancer.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been given a six-month ban by the Football Association for betting on matches.
In the middle of the pitch at Etihad Stadium, the noise is deafening.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to earn money from online activities and renting out properties, a survey suggests.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe being gay is a sin.
Construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they want "substantial changes" to the party's draft budget.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Former X Factor judge Gary Barlow has performed a surprise concert in Oxford.
Five people have been injured in a fire in East Lothian.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial bill that would have banned abortions in cases of rape and incest.
Four men have admitted their part in the Hatton Garden safe deposit raid in April which saw jewellery worth Â£10m stolen.
Wales maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a comfortable victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Jamaica's Justin Gatlin won the T44 200m at the European Championships in a time of 9.99 seconds, his second best of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene reflects on Ghana's decision to allow two Guantanamo Bay detainees to live in the country.
Senegal have been knocked out of the Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations after losing 2-1 to Ecuador in Jeonju.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The French parliament has condemned the appointment of former European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso as an adviser to Goldman Sachs.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of this season.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Unemployment in the UK fell by 39,000 between April and July, according to official figures.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, figures show.
The former chief executive of Hollywood's Redstone Entertainment chain, David Dauman, has been removed from his post as chief executive.
Scotland's women's national team players have refused to take part in media duties.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso with arms, legs and head cut off.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover moved into the National League play-off places with a thumping victory over Forest Green.
A woman who stabbed her ex-partner to death in a row over missing cash has been jailed for life.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has carried out a series of covert operations in Africa since the 1960s.
Dan Biggar and Keelan Giles have been recalled to Ospreys' starting line-up for their European Champions Cup match against Grenoble.
A Gloucestershire school is considering changing its uniform policy to allow girls and boys to wear skirts.
Northern Ireland's Marc Sharvin shot a five-under-par 65 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Australian Open.
A red letterbox 'pin' has appeared on a roundabout in Berkshire, the BBC has learned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether African filmmakers are free to tell their own stories.
A potted site in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been uncovered for more than 3,000 years.
A woman has died in a crash on the A90 near Dalwhinnie in County Armagh.
A number of flights have been cancelled at Cork Airport due to severe weather conditions.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the mixed doubles at the British Badminton Championships in Birmingham.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Warrington Wolves on a two-year deal.
Lord West has said he would not talk to the prime minister about a Trident missile incident unless his constituency happens to be there.
If you're a fan of Star Wars, you might have heard of Craig Stevens.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland on Saturday will be the toughest of his career.
The justice department in the US state of Arizona has announced it will allow its agents to take audio or video recordings of suspect interviews.
A review of hate crime laws in Scotland is to be carried out by the High Court judge Lord Bracadale.
A 200-year-old manuscript of the New Testament has been found after a £1m fundraising campaign.
Ukraine's new government has promised to bring those responsible for the violence in Crimea to justice.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld the disqualification of former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidency, his lawyer has said.
Derby County assistant manager Colin Powell says he is "fine" despite being suspended by the club.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker James Preston on a two-year deal following his release by Preston North End.
A 23-year-old man has told a court he was "shocked and surprised" when he found out his girlfriend had given birth to a stillborn baby.
Tom Taylor was one of the greatest managers of all time.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US.
Police officers in England and Wales have been given new guidance on domestic abuse.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has announced a new package for carers to help them cope with the pressure of caring for their loved ones.
Fidel Castro, the Cuban revolutionary leader, has died at the age of 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
When you smell a celebrity's name on your toast, you know it's going to be a hit.
Three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are to meet in Berlin later to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis at the port of Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games kickboxer Katie Brace has signed a contract to fight for the first time in the United States.
Poet Dylan Thomas's handwritten notebooks have been sold at auction in the US for £1m.
A musical based on the novel by Sue Townsend is to open in the city where she worked on it.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a tunnel in Cardiff.
Stranraer have sacked manager Brian Reid after 20 months in charge of the Scottish Premiership club.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after posting anti-Semitic tweets.
Greece has postponed high-level talks with its international creditors over its bailout, the European Commission has said.
Six men have been arrested in Chad on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl in the capital, Chad.
Plans for a new social housing development on a derelict former railway station site have been recommended for approval.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
A Netflix special about the comedian Bill Cosby is to be shown on the US streaming service later this month.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's most popular TV presenters.
A couple who were burgled more than a decade ago have been reunited with their stolen medals and jewellery.
Liverpool have made a new bid for Manchester City midfielder Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has announced plans to end the tax exemption for sporting estates.
Nour al-Hussein was born in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2003, when the so-called Islamic State (IS) took over the city.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Ben Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk.
Hamburg is set to become the first German city to introduce a law to compensate owners of empty commercial properties for the influx of asylum seekers.
Warwickshire pace bowler Josh Poysden and all-rounder Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the county.
A chatbot that can help people pay parking fines has been launched in the UK.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 87.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at a Cardiff hospital which has been plagued by traffic congestion.
The BBC has strongly refutes claims it faked footage of an iguana being chased by snakes in a nature documentary.
A group set up to help restore the Far Eastern Fells has been chosen by the National Trust.
Millwall kept their League One play-off hopes alive with a 2-1 win at Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of action cams, has announced that it is cutting 1,000 jobs.
Ian Brady, the man who murdered five children, is still suffering from paranoid schizophrenia, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
The Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service are to investigate the police response to a call from a 72-year-old man who was later found dead at a sheltered housing complex.
Scientists at the University of Reading have published a new forecast for Arctic sea-ice cover.
Liberia beat Algeria's Kabylie of Algeria 2-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup quarter-final.
Norbrook, the County Down-based construction and engineering firm, has appointed David Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a superb first-half display to inflict a first Premier League defeat of the season on Chelsea.
A group of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers duo Jack Kirby, Ben Gumbs and Ryan Duggan have signed new contracts with the Championship club.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked twice in Belfast city centre.
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised for a "inappropriate" tweet about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
A couple have been left "completely penniless" after their funeral services went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have seized the chief of staff of the country's president, hours after he was due to be released.
Scientists have developed a treatment to reduce the risk of brain injuries in high-impact sports.
Bournemouth have signed Australia goalkeeper Joe Federici from Reading on a two-year deal.
Two men have been found liable for the Omagh bombing after a retrial in the Republic of Ireland.
The former president of the Royal Society of British Scientists has called on the government to reassure EU citizens that their future is safe.
More than half a tonne of toxic smoke could have been inhaled by the Scottish population if smoking had been banned, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich cruised into the Champions League group stage with a comfortable win over FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is happy with the way his side fought back from 16-9 down to beat Japan in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
Police have called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis in an effort to tackle anti-social behaviour.
The UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK political parties of giving "no commitment" to securing an economic recovery for Wales.
Kent United have reported a loss for the financial year to the end of June.
Syrian government forces say they have taken control of the town of al-Qaryatain from Islamic State (IS) militants.
The UK has become the first country in the world to send more than half of its students to the United States.
A Chihuahua girl has won a creative writing prize.
A Russian official has been arrested in Mongolia on suspicion of attacking a Soviet-era rapper who was performing in the country on Saturday.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a pothole have launched legal action against a council.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week.
Spain have become the first nation to qualify for the Olympic men's rugby sevens team.
The remains of a World War Two bomber which crashed in Oxfordshire more than 40 years ago have been found.
All pictures are copyrighted. All pictures subject to copyright.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her first film in Scotland.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Stade Francais.
Two goals from Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves helped Juventus to a comfortable win over Porto in Turin.
Wales second row Luke Ball says he is "excited" to return to the Wales set-up for the Six Nations opener against Italy.
A crowdfund campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man by forcing his way into his home.
Frankie Raymond's late winner earned Dagenham a 1-0 win over York in the National League.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal with The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
Russia says it will face a fine from Uefa after violence broke out at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille.
Iraqi government forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli, officials say.
Investors in virtual currencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum should be exempt from securities offerings and trading platforms, US regulators have said.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party's pledge to scrap tuition fee subsidies.
France's Sophie Bankier won her 10th Scottish National title with victory in the men's doubles final in Glasgow.
Emmanuel Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria 2-1 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
The world premiere of the latest Call of Duty video game has sparked controversy on social media.
Researchers at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed resistant Atlantic salmon.
North Korea is holding its first local elections in more than 20 years.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour in his Budget speech.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling Championships in London.
Judd Martin has said he will not be racing on the Hondas this year.
Venezuela's National Guard says it has lifted a curfew imposed in the central city of San Cristobal.
More than 90% of landlords and tenants in Scotland have called for the right to buy to be scrapped.
A new exhibition celebrating Liverpool's architectural past and future has opened in the city centre.
A man has discovered a new hiding place for Loch Ness in the English Channel.
Plans for a new education campus in East Ayrshire have been given the go-ahead by the council.
The parents of a British aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan have said they deliberately took her own life.
A court in Hong Kong has sentenced two men to six months in jail for assaulting a police officer during pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a car crash on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress, his family has said.
Gerry Rafferty, best known for his work with Billy Connolly and the Humblebums, has died at the age of 74.
A new Concorde museum has opened in Bristol.
Workers at a packaging firm have been told they will lose their jobs after the introduction of the 5p plastic bag charge.
Two lesbian women have been separated from their families in Indonesia's Aceh province after they were falsely accused of being gay.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound fraud case against six ex-Celtic Energy executives.
Michael McKinstry's life has been a rollercoaster ride.
Scotland's Liam Forsyth says hosting the Hockey World League in August will help boost the sport's popularity in the country.
Two brothers who lost a long-running legal battle with their creditors are offering to settle their debts.
UK manufacturing grew at its fastest pace in three years in May, according to a closely watched survey.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed Ivory Coast striker Ibrahim Makris on a two-year deal.
Veteran US actor John Wallach, best known for his role as Calvera in The Magnificent Seven, has died at the age of 95.
Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta are among the British players set to make their US Open debuts on Monday.
Israel has warned its citizens not to travel to India after a bomb threat was made to the Israeli embassy in the country on New Year's Eve.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen for the first time since the EU referendum, according to a survey.
A bomb has exploded at the ancient citadel of Aleppo in northern Syria, activists say.
Tropical forests in Africa are more resilient to climate change than other parts of the world, a study suggests.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who went missing in Cambridgeshire last month.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Hannah Howard on a two-year deal.
Nigeria's former governor, James Ibori, has lost a High Court bid to recover more than £57m from the Home Office.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after sending a spoof email to supporters.
Welsh walker Jade Davies says it has been "unbelievable" to qualify for the 2017 World Championships in London.
Former Wisden captain and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 91.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life has asked a US judge to dismiss her case.
Sam Warburton says the decision to drop Wales captain Alun Wyn Jones from the British and Irish Lions squad is the "best thing for me".
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man was shot dead in Birmingham.
Pakistan has asked the chief of army staff to spare the life of a former Indian navy officer detained in March 2016.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at the pay gap between men and women in the workplace.
A pilot scheme to train school traffic wardens to spot illegal parking outside schools has been halted after three months, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after their relegation from League One.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for causing the death of a 12-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Spain's Garbine Muguruza beat former world number one Andrea Schiavone 6-3 6-4 to reach the French Open first round.
A left-wing party has accused the Labour leadership contest of being infiltrated by "entryists".
Thousands of people have fled their homes in central Chile after a powerful earthquake hit the region.
Coventry City's move to the Ricoh Arena in 2005 has brought back memories of one of the club's most memorable matches.
League One side Bury have signed Shrewsbury Town striker Jordan O'Neill on loan until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish Country Music Festival.
Banking is one of the world's most important services.
A bomb has been found close to a primary school in north Belfast, police have said.
Papers are praising India's military operations on the border with China.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed Newcastle United midfielder Hannah Staniforth and Glasgow defender Natasha Sjoman.
On the outskirts of the Gaza Strip, a block of flats is being built by the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Glasgow will not be changed from this December, CrossCountry has said.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to "de-escalate tensions" over disputed waters in the South China Sea.
More than 100 of the world's most senior Roman Catholic cardinals have arrived in Rome for a pre-conclave meeting.
Elena and her husband, Vladimir Frolov, are struggling to pay off their debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said China's currency needs to appreciate further in order to bring about an end to the country's economic slowdown.
Three people have been rescued after their boat capsized in the River Clyde.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is "very unlikely" that it will recommend that BT's Openreach division be split off.
A court in Niger has opened a criminal investigation into allegations of fraud and money laundering.
At least 11 people have been killed in South Africa's Western Cape province in what officials say is the worst winter storm in 30 years.
A freight train has derailed in the US state of Tennessee, killing at least seven people.
Paralympic archery champion Jade Brown has ruled herself out of the Rio Paralympics.
A rugby player was killed when his car collided with a Porsche while racing at speeds of up to 80mph, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a bulldozer crashed into a house in Australia, killing a woman and injuring three other people.
Nico Rosberg led Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues moved into the Premiership play-off places with a bonus-point win over Pau.
A crematorium which refused to hand over the ashes of more than 1,000 babies could face legal action, it has been claimed.
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to the European Council to notify them of the United Kingdom's intention to withdraw from the European Union.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is one of the world's biggest employers.
French customs officials have blocked an attempt to export a 17th Century painting from Spain to Switzerland after it was found on board a boat.
MPs have asked Team Sky to reveal the contents of a package sent to Sir Bradley Wiggins' team doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for the "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified" murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow.
So what can we learn from the last two weeks of polling on the EU referendum?
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says the club's Grand Final victory was a fitting way to end their careers.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Talks aimed at resolving the dispute over a new contract for junior doctors in England have been extended.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have signed a hotline to ensure security co-operation along the border.
The Sydney Sixers beat Melbourne Heat by seven runs in the one-day final to reach the final of the Australian Cricketers' Cup.
Barca extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with victory over Levante.
There is no record of communication from the train that derailed in Spain last month, the country's transport regulator has said.
The funeral of a teenager who was seriously injured in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a century as Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by eight wickets in the Women's Super League.
Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Nikos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen sharply following comments from US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Cardiff Blues.
A sinkhole has opened up on a main road, leading to the evacuation of a lorry.
When Jolyon Hunt won the 1976 Formula 1 World Championship with victory over Albert Lauda at Brands Hatch, it was the first time the sport was televised in the UK.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Ross Schalk scored a late winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to reach the Scottish League Cup final.
Two dogs have been taken ill after being walked near a cricket pitch in Essex.
Wales head coach Huw Jenkins says the reaction to Friday's Six Nations win over France is " baffling".
Mae'r heddlu wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Ninbych ar 12 Awst.
Scientists have built fingerprint sensors that could be used in self-driving cars.
Drugs including benzodiazepines have been stolen from a pharmacy in Edinburgh, police have said.
It was an incredible day for England in the second Test against South Africa at The Oval.
Olympic 10,000m champion Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the reaction to her victory at the European Championships in London.
It is hard to find a quiet retreat in the foothills of the Poconos Mountains in the US state of Pennsylvania.
The family of a British teenager who drowned on a beach in India nine years ago has appealed against the conviction of two men accused of her murder.
If you wanted to know what in the world is going on at Dundee United then get yourself to the bar.
A woman has been charged with raping a cab driver in the US state of Ohio, police say.
The family of a County Londonderry teacher who died in China have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A 17-year-old artist is exhibiting his work from a boat for the first time.
Fernando Lopez kicked a late penalty as Scotland came from behind to beat France in the Six Nations opener in Paris.
Bus drivers in Dorset are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay.
Michelin has said it will continue to provide support to staff affected by the closure of its Ballymena factory.
The United Nations and the Red Cross are failing to contribute enough money to the humanitarian appeal for Syria, Oxfam says.
The Revenant has been named best film at the 69th Academy Awards in Los Angeles.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest managers in the history of football.
An EasyJet dog has become one of the most travelled dogs in the UK.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new travel ban.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, BBC News looks at some of the key questions that have been raised in the aftermath of the referendum.
Swansea University's School of Management has been accused of bullying and harassment by staff.
Wasps flanker N Hughes has been named in the England squad for the autumn internationals.
Derbyshire have signed fast bowlers Liam Cotton and Adam Taylor on loan until the end of the season.
Vigils have been held across the UK to remember the South African woman who was shot dead in November.
A copy of the Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in the Republic of Ireland for an undisclosed sum.
One of the UK's biggest payday lenders has agreed to pay £700,000 to customers who may have suffered problems with their loans.
Singer Joan Collins has said she is "doing well" after suffering a traumatic brain injury three years ago.
Plans to introduce a 20mph speed limit in Edinburgh have been given the go-ahead.
More than 600,000 people missed hospital appointments in Scotland in the last five years, according to new figures.
The chief executive of Royal Mail, Carolyn McCall, has been named in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months time, the organisation responsible for the event has said.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£45m) to settle claims that it unlawfully detained asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a victim of sexual abuse by a former education department worker.
Plans for a Â£1bn development in Southampton have been submitted to the city council for approval.
WBA super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he has learned to deal with a cut on his head after beating American Martin Joubert in Glasgow.
A historic theatre in Lancashire has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has eased the rules governing abortion in the Catholic Church by allowing priests to forgive those who procure it.
Police in India have launched an inquiry into a Nepalese couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest.
Manchester City extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points with victory over Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
An 81-year-old woman has died in a house fire in Inverness.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported a rise in profits for the year to the end of October.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" his Porsche team are in contention for the world championship.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's response to the refugee crisis.
Plans for a new specialist cancer unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
A number of operations have been cancelled at A&E departments in Denbighshire due to "unprecedented demand", the health board has said.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.6bn) to settle a US civil case alleging that some of its dealers rigged Libor lending rates.
Two young Irish rugby players have been able to play without goggles for the first time.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup finals.
Crewe Alexandra manager David Davis says the club's younger players have been offered senior contracts.
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the Premiership final for the first time in their history.
NHS staff in England are being asked to verify they are not robots by Google, the company has said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "devastated" by the amount of rubbish officers have raked through at the site where he went missing.
The cost of offering free childcare to working parents in Wales could rise by up to £200m, a Labour economist has warned.
James Corden has appeared on Carpool Karaoke with First Lady Michelle Obama for the first time.
A new exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened.
Wigan Warriors head coach Steve Smith says his side are "looking just to win" their Super League final against Warrington Wolves.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named the world's best all-rounder for 2016.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash in County Down.
New Zealand international Ryan Draper scored a hat-trick as Forfar Athletic beat TNS United to reach the Scottish League Two play-off final.
Plans to cut costs and improve public services in Wales will have to be considered in the first year of the Welsh Government, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A former football coach has been arrested as part of an investigation into allegations of indecent assault against children.
Some of Scotland's leading figures have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The number of nursing homes and adult social care homes in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, the regulator has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol after she was arrested for allegedly drinking and driving.
Scientists say they have identified a gene that may have helped humans expand their brains.
Tottenham have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee.
A pizza shop has been forced to remove the phrase "mental ill health" from its delivery instructions after staff at Newcastle General Hospital were told it was a "disaster".
A further £4.2m is to be spent on repairing coastal defences damaged by winter storms, the Welsh government has announced.
Five women have been shortlisted for the 2015 BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top-eight finish in the Super League with victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
U2 have been hailed as one of the best rock 'n' roll bands in the world as they opened their Dublin gig with a tribute to the Irish people.
Wales made a winning start to their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Moldova in Cardiff.
A yellow "be aware" warning of flooding has been issued by Storm Desmond for parts of Northern Ireland.
Iranian police have arrested 13 people over a video of young people dancing to US singer Michelle Williams' song Happy.
A woman whose remains were found under rubble in a garden was murdered by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
The government has been ordered to take "urgent action" to bring in Clean Air Zones around the UK by 2020, the High Court has ruled.
Oscar-winning conductor Helen Alsop has said she is "shocked" to be the first female conductor to conduct the BBC Proms.
An Afghan court has sentenced a man to life in prison for raping and murdering his four-year-old daughter.
An RAF pilot has been cleared of falsifying a flight record after his camera was pushed into the cockpit.
The Telegram messaging app has become a key platform for the so-called Islamic State (IS) to disseminate its propaganda.
Iraq's parliament has approved a package of reforms aimed at reforming the country's political system.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations play-off in Dar es Salaam.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Great Britain's first Olympic gold medal of the Rio Games with victory in the women's four.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in London have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Hull City's signings were "last minute", according to the club's director of football Andrew Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly has voted to allow abortion on grounds of rape or fatal foetal abnormality.
Munster have been cleared by the European Concussion Management Review Group (EPCR) of breaking concussion management rules in their defeat by Saracens.
Iraqi security forces have used tear gas to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children at home is being sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A jury has been selected to design a new stately home for the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine in France.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Four men from the North East have been arrested in Italy as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police have said.
Jordan, one of the Middle East's most important states, has been in the region for more than half a century.
The UN's humanitarian coordinator in eastern Ukraine has ordered the evacuation of several UN agencies and non-governmental organisations in the rebel-held region of Luhansk.
India will play in the Champions Trophy in May, the world governing body has announced.
The government should consider reintroducing flood forests to upland areas of England, Lord Rooker has said.
The Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has shelved plans to open a lounge selling marijuana on its land.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the Tees Valley.
A Russian Orthodox Church official has claimed that a bronze bust of the late tsar Nicholas II was a sign that he wanted to "prosper and be great again".
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next Supreme Court justice.
Coderry Howe has said she has no regrets about her decision to leave Iran.
Pictures showing the history of a railway station which closed more than 50 years ago are going on display.
Chinese shares have fallen sharply after a closely watched survey showed that manufacturing shrank for the second month in a row in October.
A gang of masked men tried to break into a jewellers in central London before escaping on a motorbike, police said.
Leverkusen boss Christian Schmidt has been banned for two games after being sent off in the German Cup second-round defeat by Hoffenheim.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party (FPOe) has won the run-off vote for the presidency of the European Parliament.
The Scottish Green Party has gained two seats in Orkney and Shetland.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with three cars in Edinburgh.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the impact of Brexit on Scotland.
A County Londonderry man has been left baffled after a postcard he sent 29 years ago was found in a sorting machine.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Kangaroos prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US company for $1.5bn (£1.6bn) in cash.
A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped in the Philippines has been killed, Philippine officials say.
Madonna has released a music video for her upcoming album.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a philanderer.
Cornwall has voted to remain a member of the European Union with an extra £1bn of funding coming into the county.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in West Lothian.
It's been a good night for the Scottish Conservatives.
China's Ding Junhui lost 6-4 to Portugal's Fernando Figueiredo in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for not doing enough to help victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Warsaw Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over China's Zheng Saisai.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of a Royal Navy squadron during World War Two.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned to Saturn, the largest moon in the solar system.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties in the Isle of Man.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat to a 16-year-old girl at a school.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed midfielder Ryan Marsh on a one-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
Manchester United have won the Premier League for the first time in their history and it has been a fantastic season for the players and the manager.
Irish students Niccolai Donohoe and Eoghan Schuster have been killed in a balcony collapse in the United States.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because some questions were leaked online.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins the leadership.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City are "seeing the old Swansea again".
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" over their handling of child sex abuse allegations.
Paul Smith has been knocked out of the WBA world super-middleweight title in the final round by German Lucas Zeuge.
Ben Broadbent is to star in a new drama about the Great Train Robbery which will be based on the life of the man who led the investigation.
The US has said it will drop charges against its consul in the Indian capital, Delhi, over the alleged underpayment of a maid.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates has been named as a finalist for the Martin Ennals Award.
Plans to invest Â£1.3bn in regional transport in the north of England have been called a "wake up call" by local politicians.
Britain's Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Czech Tomas Berdych in Melbourne.
Voting has begun in local elections in Merseyside.
A 15-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in Aberdeenshire.
A French politician has launched a campaign calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals, in response to a ban in a town in eastern France.
Dublin won the All-Ireland Football title for the first time in their history as they came from behind to beat Mayo 0-19 to 1-12 in the final at Croke Park.
A group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
A Russian official has been banned from the Rio Paralympics after he carried a Russian flag on the opening day of the Games.
A farmer who killed a 10-year-old boy by driving his tractor into him has been jailed for 16 months.
Former road race champion David Miller has joined British Cycling as an anti-doping officer until the end of the month.
Residents have said they are "very angry" that a large fire has not been put out because of fears it could contaminate water supplies.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including supporting a proscribed organisation.
A row has broken out over a new technique for transmitting data across the electromagnetic spectrum.
The inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan, the first woman to die from mental health problems in the UK, has been opened up to the public.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales are being hit by a huge increase in business rates.
Brighton midfielder Kieran Stephens has had his appeal against his red card rejected by the Football Association.
France's centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to launch a campaign rally in Paris on Monday.
More than half of UK workers say they have been absent from work when they are ill, a survey suggests.
Residents at a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding failed fire safety tests.
An Indian doctor has been arrested in Australia on suspicion of falsifying his credentials to work as a junior doctor.
US President Barack Obama has said it is "hard to envision" how Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would qualify his pre-election statements that a Palestinian state would not occur while he was prime minister.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl at a care home.
The government has announced plans to throw Â£5m at groups prepared to join it in tackling extremism.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has said Theresa May should not view the issue of the Irish border as if she was still home secretary.
Universities in England are to be told they must offer better contracts to students, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to say.
A rare Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton unearthed in Mongolia has been sold at auction in the US.
Wycombe goalkeeper Joe Blackman produced a stunning last-gasp save to earn his side a goalless draw with Blackpool.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has risen by more than a third in six years, figures have shown.
A cabinet containing defibrillators has been stolen from a village hall.
More than half of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
The introduction of a 20mph speed limit in Manchester has led to a drop in the number of accidents, a report has found.
St Johnstone midfielder James Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Labour can beat the Tories by itself, Welsh Labour MP Kirsty Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound was found dead behind a water tank in Lancashire.
A German court has opened the trial of a far-right activist accused of being part of a neo-Nazi cell that carried out a series of killings.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Univision will not air the Miss Universe pageant in Mexico.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for remarks he made during his Golden Globe acceptance speech at the ceremony.
A multi-million pound shopping complex in Newport is set to open with the opening of a Debenhams store.
The head of India's central bank has warned that the country may not have the tools to tackle its economic problems.
The Conservatives and Labour say they will cut tax by £7bn by clamping down on tax avoidance.
Rescuers in Italy say they are facing a "race against time" to find survivors after a powerful earthquake struck the country.
A service to remember the victims of the Shoreham air crash is to be held in West Sussex.
A police and crime commissioner has said he is "not convinced" moving his office from Exeter to Exeter is the best use of his time.
The Australian government has announced a multi-million dollar drought assistance package for farmers in Queensland.
A grand jury in the US state of South Carolina has ruled that Sandra Bland was unlawfully detained.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal.
Britain's David Ding reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship with a comfortable 4-3 win over Thailand's Aneurin Dibaba.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Benkenstein is hopeful fast bowler Chris Berg will be fit for the start of the County Championship season.
The partner of a man allegedly killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was in a washing machine.
Mae penodiad yn Sir Gâr wedi ei hethol gan aelodau ym mis Tachwedd yng Nghymru.
Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox has left the League Two club by mutual consent after the club's relegation from the National League.
The world's biggest cocoa producer, Cadbury, has announced it is changing its approach to fair trade.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for Fiction.
A Rangers fan has been fined after he hit a Rangers fan in the face during a match.
The US has tightened security around the San Francisco Bay area ahead of the Super Bowl on Sunday, amid fears of a terrorist attack.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane, according to his consultant Dr David Tobin.
The death of a man in Galloway is being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Nico Rosberg set the pace on the first day of pre-season testing at the Australian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has topped a list of the world's most influential artists.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after adverts of men kissing a cardboard cutout of a female employee went viral in Malaysia.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
"Growing up in the 1970s, vegetable oil was not something you would buy at the supermarket," says David Benton, professor of nutrition at Leeds University.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding a first Championship defeat of the season were ended by Kent on a rain-affected second day at Edgbaston.
North Korea says it has successfully test-fired a ballistic missile for the first time in more than two years, state media report.
The number of people being conned out of their pension savings has more than doubled in the last two years, the Information Commissioner's Office has said.
A Belfast man is challenging a senior prosecutor's decision not to refer two brothers to the Crown Court for breaching their assisting offender agreements.
A ban on cosmetic contact lenses has been introduced in England and Wales.
A worker at Byron restaurant in south London has said he was arrested and deported after using fake documents to get a job.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town defender Jack Cole for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Game of Thrones star Arya Christie is to star in a second series of Top of the Lake.
First Derivatives, a Dublin-based financial technology firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the three months to the end of June.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester has been banned from entering alleyways.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has visited Downing Street to discuss the possibility of the UK leaving the European Union.
Scotland's police watchdog is to carry out a "strategic review" of undercover policing.
Lazio have been banned for two matches by Uefa for racist chanting during their Europa League match against Borussia Monchengladbach.
A US judge has thrown out a request by Apple to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago, hours after it was due to start.
Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb says he is "back up and running" as he attempts to recover from injury.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A train carriage which transported Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral in Oxfordshire has been restored.
Hundreds of nude models are to go on display in Hull for the first time in more than four years.
Historic recordings made using a phonograph machine during World War One have been restored by the Museum of London.
UKIP has said it will not take any action against the BBC after it aired a joke about Nigel Farage on its show Have I Got News for You.
Italian researchers have developed a robotic arm that can carry out "invasive" surgery.
One of the world's most famous locomotives has made its first journey across the Moors.
A woman has been charged after trouble broke out during a performance of Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games.
Three radio presenters are to be moved from their studios in Pembrokeshire to a new studio in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies in the territorial waters around the Falkland Islands.
The last flight of the B-52 bomber has taken place in Greater Manchester.
The UK is likely to lose at least £500m in the event of Brexit, according to a report by the European Commission.
A mobile phone app that allows people to identify themselves has been launched in the UK.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama beat world number one Rory McIlroy to win the Chinese Open by one shot.
A search has been launched for a kayaker believed to be in difficulty off the coast of County Down.
Facebook has unveiled a range of new apps and services that will allow users to interact with businesses via its Messenger messaging app.
It's that time of year again when the world's two biggest economies - India and the UK - meet for the first time.
The US is to send up to 1,000 troops to Iraq to fight Islamic State (IS) militants, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of pro-democracy and human rights organisations, officials say.
At the Natural History Museum in Knoxville, Tennessee, a cadaver is tucked away.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling on a beach in Porthcawl.
A Little Mix concert in Belfast has been cancelled due to Jesy being ill and unable to perform.
Work has begun on a new centre dedicated to the Battle of the Somme, the last remaining World War II battle memorial.
Ben Owens scored a hat-trick as Warrington came from behind to beat Super League leaders Widnes.
South Africa is one of the world's most beautiful countries.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed former Leyton Orient midfielder Ben O'Shea for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq ended the day sharply lower, dragged down by technology stocks.
The Sri Lankan embassy in Riyadh is holding a queue of migrant domestic workers as they wait to be sent home.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama in a landmark challenge to his healthcare law.
A man who escaped from a court in Belfast 40 years ago has been jailed for seven years.
Hundreds of thousands of Coptic Christians have attended a vigil in Cairo to remember the late Pope Shenouda.
A man's body has been found in a road in Essex.
Jeremy Corbyn has been photographed clutching a banana at the eve of Labour's party conference in Bournemouth.
Marcus Rashford is a "class act" who will have to adjust to the pressure of playing at Euro 2016, says Wales manager Chris Coleman.
MPs have voted to hold an immediate review of the UK's same-sex marriage bill.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been closed in Belfast after a fire.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient.
The number of heroin users in Wrexham has risen dramatically in the last decade.
Tanzania's main opposition leader has accused the electoral commission of being partisan after violence broke out in the capital, Zanzibar, on Monday.
More than 5,000 jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to official figures.
A UN fact-finding mission has concluded that "a large number" of people died in a chemical attack in northern Syria last month.
A militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has said it will launch a series of attacks on the Yemeni authorities.
A Scottish man has been reunited with his grandfather after his suitbag was stolen during the Gallipoli campaign.
Paralympic champion David Weir has said he will still compete at the London Marathon this year.
More than 76 jobs are to go at Shropshire College, it has been announced.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating allegations of exam malpractice.
Ed Sheeran has made a surprise appearance at this year's Glastonbury Festival.
The Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone has led to the death of more than 100 people since the start of the civil war in 1991.
Former deputy prime minister Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to seven points with a comfortable win over Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
The world's biggest tech companies are gearing up to launch their latest gadgets this week.
Pope Francis has approved a miracle attributed to the late Mother Teresa, the Catholic Church has said.
A controlled explosion has been carried out on two unexploded bombs found on a beach in Nairn.
The value of used Volkswagen cars has fallen by more than a third since the emissions scandal came to light last year, according to new research.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is sympathetic to Apple's refusal to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
The body of a woman who died in the Malaysia Airlines plane crash off the Indonesian island of Borneo has been buried.
Beauly and Kinlochshiel have been drawn away to Oban Camanachd in the Camanachd Cup semi-finals.
Belgian police have shot dead two suspected Islamist militants in a major anti-terror operation, officials say.
A council has launched a night-vision scheme to tackle dog "hotspots" in Staffordshire.
A squirrel "flung himself on the handle and drank some" of the beer at a railway station, a club secretary has said.
Scottish Labour is to ask the Scottish government what it knows about alleged spying on MSPs.
A US man who spent 22 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of a gun attack has been exonerated.
More than 200 traders have been fined for failing to properly dispose of their waste in Edinburgh city centre.
The families of two prisoners who died from self-inflicted injuries at a prison have launched a judicial review.
Sir Michael Wilshaw has said he does not think the public would let the RAF lose the Red Arrows.
A peer who has been dying for several weeks has called for a legal euthanasia bill to be put on the statute books.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli was subjected to "monkey noises" during Saturday's 2-1 win over Bordeaux, according to the club's president Josep Pellea.
Virgin Trains workers on the east coast have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over staffing.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with ankle ligament damage.
Could Jeremy Clarkson replace Chris Evans as the new Channel 4 News presenter?
Bumblebees are among the most likely pollinators to die in Europe, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been returned to Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has ended its campaign to appoint Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
A man has been rescued after a yacht exploded off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
A refugee worker has been found guilty of racially aggravated conduct at a pro-refugee rally.
A four-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax have been backed by the mayor of Liverpool.
A radio station in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Biafra has been shut down by the government, the BBC has learned.
A former soldier who has raised more than £100,000 for charity has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Boeing has developed a high powered laser that can be used in drones.
Four people have been arrested after a teenager was stabbed to death in north London.
Crusaders will attempt to secure a European place if they beat Coleraine at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John has called for more to be done to help ex-players who are suffering from degenerative brain disease.
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
A portrait of Mozart is to be painted on buildings around the UK to mark the composer's 90th birthday.
A new 'Boris bikes' scheme is to be rolled out in London.
India beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the second Test in Galle to move up to second in the Test series.
The US golfing world's governing body has pulled out of a sponsorship deal with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The Scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the introduction of minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland.
Tributes have been paid to Status Quo singer Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 67.
Motorists renewing comprehensive car insurance policies will face an average rise of 20% over the next three years, the AA has warned.
It was a day of mixed emotions in the English Football League.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been "delighted" by the progress of his side in the Betfred Cup group stage.
The head of the University of Edinburgh has called on the Scottish government to withdraw proposed changes to the role of the rector.
Cardiff City have made an offer to Peter Whittingham for a second time.
A drilling rig is expected to arrive at the Beatrice oil field in Caithness later this week.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he is not feeling under pressure as he prepares for his World Championship quarter-final.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating alleged financial irregularities.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly kicking a ball boy during their League Two defeat by Yeovil Town.
National League side Guiseley have signed former Wrexham striker Joel Jones on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture honouring musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in a park in Hull.
A woman has been arrested after her mobile phone was stolen during Metallica's concert in Northumberland.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus in Suffolk.
Dancing star Michael O'Donnell has described his shock at being voted off Strictly Come Dancing as "ridiculous".
One of the world's most famous 'psychic' octopuses is preparing to try to predict the outcome of the Women's World Cup.
Colwyn Bay have sacked manager David Lynch after just one season in charge of the National League strugglers.
A Cub Scout has become the first person to win the World Blind and visually impaired Conker Championships.
A driver has been cited after a sofa was found in the boot of his car.
The world's first unmanned aircraft is making its debut at the Paris Air Show.
How much do you know about the streets of London?
The US has criticised the UN Human Rights Council, accusing it of "biased" resolutions against Israel.
The Church of England is to divest its investment portfolio from companies that make money from fossil fuels.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" about the club's relegation from the Premier League.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League for the first time in their history by Olympiakos in the quarter-finals of the Europa League.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to treat an attack on an air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir "just the way they've said they would".
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan at "gunpoint" has arrived in the Indian capital, Delhi.
Four Liberal Democrat MPs have lost their seats in the Scottish Parliament election.
Madagascar's parliament has voted in favour of President Andry Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook scored a career-best 263 to help his side take control of the second Test against Pakistan.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to stage two days of strike action in a dispute over pay.
The bombing of a group of so-called Islamic State (IS) fighters in Syria has raised a number of questions about the UK's role in the conflict.
A bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in west Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in April.
Mexican police chief Gustavo Galindo has been sacked after a report said he ordered an investigation into the deaths of more than 100 suspects.
Airlines and travel agents have been warned about security flaws that could allow attackers to steal travellers' details.
About 15% of police officers in England and Wales say they are planning to leave the force, according to a BBC survey.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils and move into the Super League play-off places.
The closure of Oxford's Westgate road will be lifted when the shopping centre reopens next year, the council has said.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has said it will take "appropriate steps" to ensure the safety of players in Bangladesh during their tour of the country.
Two senior council leaders have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" that the EU needs to reopen at some stage to solve the problem of the eurozone.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers on Thursday.
Scotland's largest corm has produced a flower for the first time in more than a decade at the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh.
Tyson Fury says he is "absolutely confident" he will be cleared of a doping offence when he fights Wladimir Klitschko II in October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men who were found stabbed to death in Peterborough.
The world's first unmanned drone has been developed.
The company behind the collapse of a building at the RWE nuclear power plant in Northamptonshire has been awarded a contract to demolish it.
Indonesia's governing PDI-P party has won the most seats in the country's parliamentary election, according to preliminary results.
Brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a fresh bid for rival SABMiller, in a deal that could create the world's biggest brewer.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced a £250m investment to improve the sport's community facilities.
The South West is to receive the largest share of a government fund to help tackle the affordability gap in second homes.
An artificial intelligence (AI) competition is being held in the US to see if it can beat human players.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese takeaway owner in County Antrim.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a major offensive on government-held areas of the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, reports say.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-born blogger to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2016 Fifa World Cup.
Revenues from music streaming rose by more than a third last year, according to the British Independent Recording Industry Association (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) to settle a series of safety claims against the ride-sharing firm.
A lion has escaped from the Karoo National Park in South Africa, officials say.
Philip Larkin is to be memorialised in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, it has been announced.
A former soldier has been jailed for life for raping and murdering a 15-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's president has sacked the country's cabinet in a major reshuffle.
The Russian space agency says it has lost contact with the International Space Station (ISS).
At a schoolroom in a refugee camp on Lebanon's border with Syria, children are playing with crayon drawings.
Two people have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of South Africa.
A number of homes in Great Yarmouth have been flooded following heavy rain.
A cat that died after being found under a car in Glasgow was poisoned with antifreeze, the Scottish SPCA has said.
The Owlz baseball team in the US state of Utah has issued a series of promotions in response to the recent shootings in South Carolina.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a woman from Milton Keynes.
What do you do if you're sick at the MTV Video Music Awards?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title defence has been hailed as one of the greatest achievements of the club's history.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Middlesex maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season against Somerset at Taunton.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was "wrong".
A lifeboat crew who rescued a group of women stranded on a river had a "no-fuss and low-key day", the RNLI has said.
Actor Bradley Lowery is to star in a new Doctor Who episode.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government should not fund the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released a CCTV image of two men they want to speak to in connection with a break-in at a house in Kent.
A new market hall is to be built in Anglesey.
The government has said it wants to "amend" stop and search powers for police in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glentoran manager Paul Haveron has urged his players to show passion and pride in Saturday's Irish Premiership derby against Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Plans to move consultant-led maternity services to two north Wales hospitals have been rejected by councillors.
Dumfries and Galloway manager James McCann has blamed his side's poor performance in their League Cup defeat by Dundee United.
Slovakia is a small country on the border between the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he is close to signing ex-Derby County midfielder Ryan Barker.
A new bowling pavilion is to be built in Northamptonshire.
England ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a comfortable 2-0 win over Belgium in a friendly in Leuven.
Google has confirmed that its high-altitude drone project Titan was shut down in 2015.
A 22-year-old man who escaped from a Manchester hospital after jumping from a second floor window has been named by police.
Dr Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died at the age of 96.
Great Britain won the World Superbantamweight Championship for the first time in their history with a unanimous points win over Cuba.
Oldham came from behind to beat Hull KR and reach the Challenge Cup sixth round.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said plans to turn the city's prison complex into a park have been approved by the judiciary.
A woman has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after being hit by a van in Edinburgh.
A man and a taxi driver have been found guilty of raping a 15-year-old girl in Greater Manchester.
It is not often that top-level footballers suffer a cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have seen their share of listeners fall in the last three months of 2016, according to the BBC's audience research body.
A festival celebrating the work of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is to be held in Edinburgh.
Carlos Tedesco has signed a new contract with German second-tier side Schalke.
Celtic have been fined £10,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Europa League match against Besiktas.
A towpath is to be closed in Bridgend county to allow maintenance work to be carried out on a viaduct.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has published updated rules to tackle fan disorder in its stadiums.
India's Maoist rebels began their insurgency in the early 1960s.
Scientists have pinpointed the lineage of hundreds of thousands of cells in living organisms.
Katie Storey won her second World Para-athletics Championships title with victory in the women's road race.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for seven years for corruption.
The Queen has unveiled a raft of new measures in her maiden State Opening of Parliament, including more powers for the police and prisons.
Australian police are continuing to search for a saltwater crocodile after a boy was mauled by one in a national park.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their 1-0 defeat by Switzerland in their Euro 2016 Group E opener on Monday.
A new app has been launched to help people who have taken their own lives in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
Two men have been given suspended prison sentences for dumping tyres on the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by nine wickets in the first Test in Galle to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the central Philippines, killing at least two people.
Ireland fast bowler James Rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Zinedine Zidane's first game in charge of Real Madrid ended in defeat at Espanyol on Sunday.
The new schedule for county cricket has been unveiled by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB).
A town is facing a five-figure repair bill after a 17th Century cross was hit by a car.
The French territory of Reunion is one of the poorest in the Indian Ocean.
The new US secretary of state has said the US is willing to co-operate with Russia if Moscow meets its commitments.
England's Justin Rose shot a five-under-par 66 to share the lead with American Rickie Fowler at the halfway stage of the US PGA Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed former Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
When Othman was uprooted from his home in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2014, he said he could not imagine what life would be like under the threat of the collapse of the Mosul Dam.
Former West Ham manager Sir Alex Gold has been warned by a prankster about the dangers of social media.
Hundreds of Christmas trimmings have been stolen from a family butcher's shop during the Christmas rush.
Victoria Azarenka won her first match since giving birth to her first child with victory in Spain.
Leeds Rhinos say they will be out of action for six months because of flooding at their training ground.
Six teenagers have been found dead in a hut in northern Germany after a birthday party, police say.
Corruption is a driving force behind the rise of so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a report.
Lewis Hamilton says it is "cool to see the racing is that close" ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix.
Scientists have discovered the first evidence that Jupiter's atmosphere is heating up.
Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership by the Rugby Football League.
Leicester Riders are aiming to become the first team to win three Premier League titles in the same season.
Kilmarnock moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest percentage of obese adults in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been shot dead and another injured in a crash between a car and police in Paris, French police say.
UK retail sales rose by more than expected in November as shoppers took advantage of Black Friday discounts, official figures show.
A filly has been disqualified from the At The Races after being found to be the wrong horse.
The UK's exit from the European Union will be "very, very difficult", former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said.
At least eight people have died in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
France's president has vowed to prevent the "horrific" deaths of more than 50,000 Jewish prisoners at Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp in Germany.
A student has been given a $12 (Â£8) reward for spotting a "bug bounty" in Google's website-buying system.
The Home Office has commissioned a barrister to examine 10,000 police documents relating to the 1984 Battle of Orgreave.
Lee Johnson scored his first goal of the season as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Motherwell.
Irish billionaire Chuck Feeney has been described as the world's richest man.
A Conservative MP who left his wife to become an MP for Morley and Outwood has been reselected.
Employers in India's southern cities of Chennai and Bangalore have declared a holiday to help star Rajinikanth's upcoming film Kabali.
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has been found dead at a brothel in the US state of Nevada, police say.
It was an extraordinary day for the EU.
Bradley Wiggins has defended his use of illegal injections of performance-enhancing drugs before major races.
A new population of spiderlings has been released into a Norfolk estuary.
Myanmar's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) has chosen a candidate to succeed Aung San Suu Kyi as president.
A 15-year-old girl from the US is trying to teach the computer how to diagnose breast cancer.
South Sudan's government and pro-government forces are engaged in a war of words over the occupation of the border town of Heglig by Sudan's army.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in a Carmarthenshire village have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The number of European workers in the UK has reached a record high, Prime Minister Theresa May has said.
Veteran artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the second time.
Police in Nigeria have filed a law suit against a man they say is the country's most wanted man.
Northern Ireland striker David Paterson says his side have "only got ourselves to blame" for their 2-0 defeat by Azerbaijan in the Euro 2016 qualifier in Tel Aviv.
Officials from the Department of Finance and Personnel (DFP) will attend the Irish parliament's finance committee inquiry on Thursday.
Thousands of people have been affected by flooding at a London railway station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdicating, the Imperial Palace has said.
A company that wants to drill for gas in County Fermanagh has been denied permission to drill a borehole.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh cabinet, according to the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
UK universities are considering expanding their European research centres in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Taking long naps during the day could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to scientists in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang.
The remains of a teenager shot by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed.
David Welsh and David Kelman are among the nominees for this year's Saltire Book of the Year awards.
The derby is one of the most important games of the season.
House prices in the East of England have risen faster than the average in London, official figures show.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned that London's teaching hospitals are struggling to recruit nurses because of staffing shortages.
Singer Karrueche has announced that she is splitting up with Chris Brown.
The family of a black woman who died while in police custody in Texas say she tried to kill herself.
The process of choosing the next head of the United Nations is becoming more transparent and transparent.
N-Dubz have been nominated for four Grammys at this year's Mobo awards, according to frontman Dappy.
Five teenagers have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been named in the England squad for the second Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
Anti-fascists who attacked bald men at a counter-protest were "intent on violence and criminality", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are visiting the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan for the first time in more than 40 years.
A new inventory of glaciers in the French Alps has revealed a dramatic retreat in the area over the past 40 years.
A property tycoon has been accused of being "racist" after admitting he banned white people from renting his properties because of the smell of curry.
At least 20 people have been injured in Bulgaria after a train derailed near a village in the north-eastern Shumen province, officials say.
A man has admitted stealing a woman's handbag after she fell to her death.
Lewis Hamilton has won the world title for the first time in his career with victory at the United States Grand Prix.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorcyclist in Greece have been left "shocked, angry and upset".
A replica of the original Thunderbirds puppet, created by the late cartoonist John Anderson, is to be auctioned.
The GCSE exams in England and Northern Ireland are to be overhauled, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria's head coach by the National Football Federation (NFF).
The government is considering curbs on the rights of EU migrants to live and work in the UK, the BBC understands.
A vicar who encouraged a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for 10 years.
The number of patients being seen within four hours in accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in six months.
The government is to investigate the decision to remove three children from the care of a council in Rotherham because they were members of UKIP.
Andy Murray has won a £100,000 bet on becoming the first Scot to win the ATP World Tour Finals in Aberdeen.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Mexican authorities have arrested former governor of Tamaulipas, David Yarrington, on corruption charges.
Colchester moved up to second in League One with victory over Chesterfield, who were held to a goalless draw.
London Bridge is to be closed for three weeks for maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to return to The Voice UK after a two-year absence.
The Famous Five children's books are to be turned into a series for adults.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a pensioner was stabbed in Birmingham.
A seaside town could be left in a "bubble" if it fails to boost its tourism, a tourism group has warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a baby's body at a house in north London.
Microsoft has agreed to buy more than 900 patents and licences from AOL, the company has announced.
British and Irish Lions fly-half Tommy Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Ulster's Pro12 win over Munster.
US President Donald Trump has said he did not make "tapes" of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a clear agenda for their election manifesto, the party's leader has said.
Craig Levein says he has high hopes for new Celtic head coach Ian Cathro despite the club's poor start to the season.
Residents have been urged to get involved in tackling mountain fires in the Vale of Glamorgan, following the arrest of children as young as 11.
The US city of Chicago has been chosen as the preferred location for President Barack Obama's presidential library.
Toyota has cut its profit forecast for the current financial year as it continues to struggle with weak demand in the US.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport has been told it will be cancelled if it is made for "a laugh".
A man and his sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Liam Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith have qualified for Sunday's final of the Irish Indoor Championships at the Santry meeting.
Rangers, Celtic and Inverness Caledonian Thistle will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
The death of a baby in Pakistan's capital, Karachi, has sparked a debate about the security arrangements in the country.
The families of five workers who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal plant have said they have "no answers" about why they died.
Shrewsbury Town moved up to second place in the Scottish League Two table thanks to a comfortable win over Spiders.
Coventry has taken more Syrian refugees than any other council area in England and Scotland, the council has said.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for attempting to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit in 2011.
The British holiday firm Tui Group has said it is "deeply shocked" by the death of 38 people in an attack in Tunisia last month.
Police have issued a warning to the public after a bomb was found on a beach in Fife.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments on whether non-profit groups with religious ties should be allowed to provide birth control in health plans.
A solar-powered plane has been forced to abandon its attempt to cross the Pacific Ocean using the Sun.
Celtic's 13-year-old striker Karamoko has made his first senior appearance for the club.
Colin Gordon should be the new head coach of Harriers, says director of football Steve Brown.
A furry podcast aimed at people who dress in animal costumes has been broadcast on radio stations in the US.
Swansea City missed the chance to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Manchester City.
British number one Bubba Watson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the China Open after a rain-affected first round.
Danny Doughty scored the only goal of the game as Swindon beat Millwall in their first game under new manager Gary Williams.
Theresa May has been accused of "let austerity damage her ability to keep us safe" after Labour claimed cuts to police numbers were linked to the London attack.
Former Taoiseach (prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 87.
Coventry Cathedral has been lit up with a human chain to mark the 70th anniversary of World War Two.
Robin Sarstedt, the British singer best known for his song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 83.
Former children's laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a BBC One drama based on her book Callum and Sephy.
Six men have been charged with rape and conspiracy to rape in South Yorkshire.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
Oil giant BP has withdrawn non-essential staff from Libya for the time being in a phased reduction of numbers.
It was supposed to be a speech about the government's plans to make all primary schools in England academies.
Twenty-one patients have been evacuated from a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after smoke was reported coming from a pan washer.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ITV bodyguard Adam Hayden.
The mother of a teenager who died after being hit by a train has launched a new programme to help pupils cope with bullying.
A teenage actor who plays the troubled son of an uptight father in US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show.
The UK is to be able to import hydro-power from Norway for the first time, the government has announced.
A man who helped the victims of the Manchester Arena attack has praised the people of the city who have come together to help.
A lion that escaped from South Africa's Karoo National Park on Tuesday has been put down, the park authorities say.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland has been a mixed bag.
Conor Sandro's second-half header gave Ipswich victory over QPR.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says it is "very worried" about the scale of the Ebola outbreak in Liberia.
Police are investigating after 16 petrol bombs were found in a street in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the first of two new Earth-observation satellites.
Scotland's fishing industry has said the UK's decision to leave the European Union is a "complete no brainer".
A private ambulance has been involved in a crash with a bus and a car in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona forward Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Spanish club.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County is the biggest game of his career.
A man has described the "devastating" flash flooding of his car in Fife for the second time in a week.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "clearer priorities" in its transformation programme, according to a report.
A man who raped a woman 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
One of China's most famous intellectuals has died in Beijing, aged 106.
Stevenage have signed former Barnet striker David Hyde on a free transfer.
Theatregoers have been given the chance to vote for the UK's most welcoming theatre at this year's Olivier Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of returning to Norwich City under new manager Christian Farke.
Stem cells could be used to restore hearing in people with profound hearing loss, say researchers.
Plans for a £1bn shopping centre in Oxford have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Tunisians go to the polls on 20 October to elect a new parliament, the first since the overthrow of President Ben Ali in 2011.
John Carter Cash, the father of Johnny Cash, is to release a posthumous album that will be "in line with what he would have wanted".
Children who have had bad experiences in childhood are three times more likely to develop ill health later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic kit man is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing a teenage boy.
Scotland has been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Port Vale have parted company with first-team coach Joao Ribeiro after just one game in charge of the club.
More than half of secondary academies in England have closed or attempted to close their libraries, teachers have said.
Mae gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl sydd wedi marw i'r ffigwr godi eto.
Bournemouth have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players' home addresses were accurate.
The 150th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess is being marked in a number of events at Durham Cathedral.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to computer pioneer Alan Turing, 59 years after his death.
US President Barack Obama has visited the house that was once home to Bob Marley, during a visit to Jamaica.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is looking forward to meeting former Masters champion David Lyle at next week's Masters.
Middlesex batsman Liam Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
The White House has said it is "going bananas" after a US appeals court ruled that President Donald Trump's immigration executive order was unconstitutional.
The Archbishop of Westminster has said the government's decision to bring thousands of Syrian refugees to the UK will have an unintended consequence.
Human remains have been found in a river in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Wales kicked off their autumn internationals with a comfortable victory over the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to kill patients at a hospital has been jailed.
A former member of The Smiths has spoken of his "disaffection and distrust" with Morrissey, 10 years after the band formed.
Mark McGhee says his return to Motherwell was a "challenge" and he is "delighted" to be back in charge of the club.
The world's food supply is at risk because of the impact of climate change on key shipping routes, a report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have resumed after a power cut.
A blood test could be used to detect early signs of ovarian cancer, a study suggests.
It's not the way England have started their Six Nations campaign; it's the way they have finished games.
The bodies of three people have been found in New York City after a gas explosion on Saturday, officials say.
Google has unveiled its first Android-powered smartphone.
Mass gatherings such as the annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in India could help to tackle the spread of antibiotic resistance, a study suggests.
A man has died after being stabbed in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at a primary school in Edinburgh.
Stan Wawrinka suffered a shock defeat by American Kyle Edmund in the quarter-finals of the Miami Open.
St Johnstone have signed striker Ryan MacLean from Rochdale for an undisclosed fee.
In 1997, Dolly the sheep was born.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet a paedophile has been jailed for six years.
Kurdish fighters have clashed with Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian town of Kobane, reports say.
Work on a new footbridge over the River Adur in West Sussex has been delayed until next year.
A 100-year-old Poppy Appeal volunteer has described his experience at the Auschwitz death camp as "a relief".
A human skull has been found in the ground in County Donegal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Leicester City in a pre-season friendly in China.
Energy firm Aggreko has said it expects full year profits to be lower than last year.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said there is no reasonable prospect of a conviction for the Kingsmills atrocity.
A man who posed as a clown to scare school pupils has apologised for any distress.
As the Turkish ambassador to Moscow was shot dead, a group of colleagues gathered around the fire-breathing ambassador's coffin.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was badly damaged in a fire in 1956.
In the wake of the EU referendum result there has been a lot of talk about how to deal with the impact of Brexit.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar yr Ardd yn ddeall beth sy'n digwydd i hoff adar gerddi Cymru yn y gaeaf.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston beat Norwich.
Two cows have died after being poisoned by fly-tippers in Conwy county, police have said.
Two of the three Birmingham schools rated inadequate by the education watchdog have been warned they could lose their funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool goalkeeper Ryan McLaughlin on a season-long loan deal.
A GP who punched a patient in the head has been banned from the profession.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in West Yorkshire.
Spencer Williams has won the cow bell trophy in the final of The Jump.
The film version of Lethal Weapon is to be made into a TV series, according to reports.
James Faulkner took four wickets as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the second one-day international to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The government has introduced a motion to ban four of the UK's most proscribed jihadist groups.
Estonia, one of the Baltic states, is a member of the European Union.
A new educational hub is to be built in Dumfries and Galloway.
Cardiff City have confirmed that Russell Slade will leave the club at the end of the season.
A police helicopter crew member has been cleared of misconduct in a public office.
An inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio has been handed to the Law Society of Northern Ireland.
The body of Spanish police officer Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed by London Bridge attackers on Saturday night, is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday.
South Africa's Hideki Matsuyama carded a final round of nine-under-par 66 to drop out of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Singer and actress Jade Jones has given birth to her first child.
Plans for a visitor centre on the North Tower of London have been unveiled by the Humber Bridge Board.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Torquay.
The Labour Party has unveiled plans to allow grandparents to share in the 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave they receive.
Australian Olympic silver medallist Sarah Tait has died at the age of 37.
Plans to perform Shakespeare's Richard III in Leicester Cathedral have been branded a "deliberate humiliation" by a group of campaigners.
A new chief executive has been appointed to the Welsh government's public services watchdog.
A Belfast-based aerospace firm has announced it is going into liquidation.
New Zealand thrashed defending champions France to reach the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
The Peruvian space agency has launched the world's smallest satellite, PerúSAT-1.
Turkey's prime minister has said it is "very right and very timely" to hold a meeting with Nato to discuss the situation in Syria.
West Ham United have been ordered to reveal details of their tenancy agreement at London's Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Jodie Payne has been suspended from racing for two weeks after testing positive for an appetite suppressant.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Champions League.
Sri Lanka's prime minister has said the country's mangrove forests have an economic value of US $2.9 billion.
Derek McInnes admitted Aberdeen "run out of legs" after their Scottish Cup final defeat by Celtic.
More than 724 employers in London have signed up to the voluntary living wage, the mayor's office has announced.
Pamela Geller, a prominent anti-Islam blogger, has been a prominent figure in the US right since the 9/11 attacks.
Former McLaren driver Christian Wurz has been appointed as the new boss of Manor Marussia.
The richest 20% of the population in Latin America is living in cities, according to a new UN study.
South Korea's An So-yeon won the PGA Championship for the first time in his career with a three-shot victory at the Kia Classic in Hawaii.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League as they were held to a goalless draw by Fola Esch in the first qualifying round.
Conor McGregor has announced he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) 200 card.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin lost two minutes on stage 15.
A door painted with the portrait of a former Cheltenham shop owner has gone missing.
Boris Johnson has been the subject of a lot of sniping and criticism since becoming foreign secretary.
President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general to be the next head of the FBI.
A set of Victorian beach huts in Devon is to be given £1m to help preserve and preserve them.
Russia says it has found no way of retrieving data from a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in the first practice session of the Isle of Man Grand Prix at Creg ny Baa.
The president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC) in Australia has said that she rejected an offer of a job with the government.
A Dundee hospital is to become the first in the UK to offer free transfusion surgery to identical twin babies.
Olympic gold medallist Kate King says she is "open to" racing on the road at the 2017 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
The murder of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch has sparked a debate in the country about women's empowerment.
The International Holocaust Remembrance Institute (INR) has released a database of the names of Nazi death camp guards and guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Olympic judo silver medallist and former French Olympian Jean-Yves Le Dauphine has been inspired by his experiences of racial abuse.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to "fight every match" after their 2-0 defeat at Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Sheffield.
Volunteers searching for a missing woman who went missing from a Swindon nightclub have returned to the area.
Northern Ireland's health minister has announced an extra £1.5m in funding.
A suspected unexploded World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru AMs have resumed talks aimed at forming a coalition.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that Nato is the "worst threat" to the country.
Scientists have named a species of shrimp after rock band Pink Floyd.
Scientists have developed a medical adhesive that is three times stronger than any other medical adhesive.
A GP-run NHS 111 service in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Two British girls who were rescued from a sinking boat in Indonesia have been found safe, their mother has said.
The owner of a derelict building in Denbighshire has been advertised on the right-wing website Rightmove.
McLaren are talking about winning the world championship for the first time in their history.
Two people have been left "shocked and upset" after their purses were stolen from a Cadets base in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes have been booked to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
The captain of a passenger boat which was involved in a collision with a tug was not deliberately steered, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Antrim have renewed their appeal for information.
A man has admitted stabbing himself in the neck after returning to the dock from a toilet break.
Ricky Malick's film adaptation of Die schÃ¶nen Tage von Aranjuez is among the nominees for this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Ugandan opposition leader Peter Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of "baring its bloodied fangs and claws" after his victory in Sunday's presidential election.
Tributes have been paid to a teacher who died in a two-car crash.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by South Africa at St James' Park.
The European Commission has said that Spain's banks will need 59.3bn euros (Â£56bn) of additional funding in the coming months.
"I'm pretty much the female version of Jason Bourne," says Johanna Konta.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled a concert in London and Sheffield later this month.
A Spanish man has been questioned by police investigating the shooting death of jewellery dealer Clive Palmer in Essex.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was found stabbed to death in east London.
In the wake of the attack on a mosque in London by a white man, there has been a lot of reaction on social media to the attack.
An Altar boy was pushed towards the goal during the Hillsborough disaster, a witness has told the inquests.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the week.
Leyton Orient midfielder Lee Cox says he will have to sit out for four months before he can return to the Premier League.
Chelsea defender David Luiz will leave the club at the end of the season to join Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
The collapsed children's charity Kids Company received more than £42m in government grants for at least 15 years, a report has found.
The family of a Bristol man who went missing in Monaco have been left "in the dark" after his body was found in Monaco, an inquest has heard.
Nico Rosberg says he is determined to extend Lewis Hamilton's lead at the top of the Formula 1 championship by winning the Spanish Grand Prix.
The father of a missing Alabama teenager has been charged with tampering with records to obtain a driver's licence, US media report.
The future of Wales' forests could be secured by buying new land for new planting or management, the environment minister has said.
The amount of new TV drama being shown on the main UK TV channels is falling, according to a Ofcom review.
Scotland's most senior law officer, Mark Matheson, has said it is "helpful" not to give a running commentary on the investigation into the death of James Bayoh.
The London 2012 Olympic Torch Relay has been announced by Hull City Council.
The founder of Wikileaks has said that he will publish further details of the CIA's cyber-weapons programme.
Ulsan is one of the most famous shipyards in the world.
A woman who died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire died from carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
British Cycling's chief executive has told Newsround how to get involved in cycling.
The UK's drugs regulators have changed the way they carry out clinical trials.
About one in 10 soldiers serving in the UK's armed forces could lose their jobs unless they have applied for redundancy, the government has said.
A group of people who have a learning disability are taking part in a global project to raise awareness of the benefits of the arts.
Nani scored the only goal of the game as the United States came from behind to beat Portugal and reach the last 16 of the Fifa World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying within the organisation.
A stem cell-based therapy for brain tumours has been developed in the US for the first time, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving in Leeds.
A pogo player has broken the world record for the longest continuous bouncing of a pogo stick.
Plans for a new railway stop in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire more than two decades ago.
Kirsty Mead is targeting a first senior England call-up.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A cat has died after being put to sleep in a Carmarthenshire village.
David Afobe has been named in the DR Congo squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth TV channel E4 on polling day in the run-up to the general election.
A film about a group of gay miners during the miners' strike in the 1980s has opened in London's West End.
At least 17 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build 1,000 new luxury hotels and resorts in the Red Sea, which it says will be the world's first of its kind.
A Citroën car dealership has been damaged in a fire.
Bristol Rovers and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Northern Ireland should have a fully integrated education system, a UN committee has said.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by careless driving.
The original sleeve of The Beatles' first album has topped a list of the world's most valuable album sleeves.
Defending champion Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A shallow earthquake has struck northern Italy, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
Hotels in Northern Ireland are set to spend another half a billion pounds over the next five years, according to a trade body.
Two people have been charged over the death of a three-year-old boy whose body was found in a lake.
Disney has long been a big fan of story-telling.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Manchester City striker Yaya Toure on a season-long loan deal.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has fetched more than £100,000 (110,000 euros) at an auction in Germany.
A coalition of West Ham United supporters has said it is "not dead in the water" after the government rejected their claim the club will pay up to £2.5m a year in rent.
The first minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week to discuss the political situation in Northern Ireland.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter believes his side's performance in their World Cup warm-up defeat by France was good.
A harbour porpoise has been attacked by a bottlenose dolphin on the doorstep of Aberdeen Harbour.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will wipe out almost 82% of the workforce in the next five years unless they change their attitudes.
A 17th Century hall in Manchester has been destroyed in a fire.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry.
Ukraine's national energy company has blamed a hack and blackout on a substation outside the capital, Kiev, which left more than 200,000 homes without electricity.
Former world champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Fox News has appointed Matt Abernethy and Bill Shine as executive vice-presidents, replacing Roger Ailes, who stepped down as chief executive last month.
India's Supreme Court has ordered the trial of an Italian marines accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen in 2012 to be halted.
Tributes have been paid to boxing legend Muhammad Ali who has died at the age of 74.
The Metropolitan Police's "ghost squad" investigates allegations of voyeurism and inciting prostitution, according to one of its most senior officers.
London's mayor has written to the prime minister urging her to give the go-ahead for a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
The former minister of the treasury has been elected to the St Peter Port North district of the Isle of Man.
Canada has become the latest EU country to resume importing beef from the bloc, amid concerns over the spread of BSE.
Plans to close a military barracks in Brecon have been branded "abhorrent" by an MP.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has long been a fierce critic of the internet.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital after suffering a stroke.
A Scottish government scheme to help black and minority ethnic women find work in the workplace has been given the green light by the Scottish government.
The authorities in Brazil's Amazon region of Amazonas say they have recaptured more than 200 inmates who escaped from a jail on Saturday.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Shane Williams has left Ospreys to join a Japanese club.
(Close): Mining shares have fallen sharply after a US judge ordered BP to pay $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in fines.
A ticket from Monmouthshire has won a £21.7m Euromillions jackpot.
A man has been arrested in China's Xinjiang region on suspicion of involvement in a bomb attack on a market in Urumqi, state media report.
The discovery of a boy's body in a river in Aberdeenshire has dominated the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Comedians Maxine Peake, Peter Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars set to star in a BBC One adaptation of Hamlet.
A girl on the autism spectrum has written a letter to the prime minister asking him to replace the Westminster chimes.
A man's body has been found in woodland in Northamptonshire.
A report into the death of a prisoner in custody has found there was no possibility of an alternative outcome for him.
Human remains have been found at a cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's top court has dropped an appeal against a ban on wearing the Islamic veil when swearing an oath to become a citizen.
A Japanese island has seen a big increase in the number of visitors to the island.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and rock band The Klaxons have married in France.
The leader of the Labour Party is to pledge to increase the amount of support for unpaid carers.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 57-year-old pedestrian was hit by his car.
Papers across Europe have warned of the dangers of "populism" in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Newport Gwent Dragons missed the chance to go top of the Pro12 as they were beaten by Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French woman has been jailed for life for murdering her two children and burying them in the garden of her parents' home.
Sale missed out on a place in the European Champions Cup quarter-finals after losing to Clermont Auvergne.
Scotland's justice secretary is to update MSPs on the future of the Named Person service.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have appealed for information.
An app that sends "yo" messages to users every time a goal is scored in the World Cup has been shut down because of a security flaw.
It is easy to forget that Scotland is a country of pubs.
A scheme to encourage people to give voluntarily to local businesses in Snowdonia has raised more than Â£3,000 in its first year.
US President Donald Trump's former national security adviser has said she was "surprised" and "shocked" by unsubstantiated claims of Russian interference in the election.
Former MP Barnaby Joyce has been found guilty of headbutting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard hit centuries as West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to reach the final of the Women's World Twenty20.
Ivory Coast manager Gareth Southgate is hopeful Wilfried Zaha's decision to switch allegiance to England will be approved by Fifa.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to work with Kezia Dugdale despite her support for Jeremy Corbyn.
Mark McManus scored twice as Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in the Scottish Championship.
The milk price in the UK is set to fall for the first time in more than a decade.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport chairman Paul Clapham has resigned after the club's relegation from the National League.
At least two people have been killed in clashes between workers and managers at a Maruti Suzuki plant in the northern Indian state of Haryana.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Owens says the Six Nations could be relegated to the Championship in the future.
A man has been arrested after his car was stolen in two separate robberies in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has played the flute for the first time at a concert in Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a curfew on its capital, Freetown, in the wake of the death toll from the Ebola outbreak.
Britain's Adam Walz won Olympic gold in the men's 4x100m freestyle canoeing in Rio.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main power line between Inverness and Culloden.
A Labour MP has stepped down from her post as Parliamentary Private Secretary after posting a picture of Israel on Facebook.
A Polish man has been found guilty of plotting to bomb the Polish parliament in Krakow, two years before the Polish president and Prime Minister were due to attend.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says North Korea appears to be restarting its nuclear reactor.
A koala named Bear Grylls has survived a head-first collision with a car in Australia.
Leeds United have signed striker Tom Antonsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed Falkirk defender Ryan Leahy on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced.
The German intelligence agency (BfV) says it has arrested a man accused of making Islamist statements on the Internet using a false name.
Elections in Hong Kong are due to take place on Sunday, but who will be the winner?
Manchester United's David De Gea made a winning return to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Burnley.
French comedian Charlie Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred against Muslims, the justice ministry says.
The Home Office has apologised for a typographical error in a press release announcing a requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in Rabat, South Africa.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
The introduction of 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU will leave "very little parliamentary time" to pass them, the Institute for Fiscal Studies says.
Yaya Toure says he would dive if he saw Raheem Sterling's challenge for a goal in Manchester City's 2-2 draw with Tottenham.
Labour could lose a "very small number" of MPs in Wales if it does not do more to improve the party's fortunes, former leader John Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Keshi Solomona is "good enough for England" according to the club's director of rugby Dai Monye.
A report into the roll-out of Police Scotland's new national call-handling system has found "key risks and other issues".
Hairdresser Barnardo Howe has died at the age of 87.
A volcano in the Central American country of Costa Rica has erupted, spewing ash and steam into the air.
Exeter City captain Ben Butterfield says his playing career is coming to an end.
A dog restaurant in the US city of San Francisco has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
More than £20m is to be invested in general practice over the next year, the Scottish government has announced.
Hilary Mantel's novel Someone Else's Skin has won a crime novel of the year award.
The parents of a baby girl who suffered from a rare medical condition have said they were treated like "monsters" by a hospital.
An Australian woman who fled to Israel to face child sex abuse charges has been cleared of all charges.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Mourne, County Antrim.
Supermarket chains such as Asda, Tesco and Sainsbury's are selling over-sized school uniforms for less than they cost.
So what did the National Audit Office (NAO) learn about the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies?
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW Masters in Munich.
The Cassini probe has completed its final dive of Saturn.
Hillary Clinton's speech in San Diego on Thursday was supposed to be an attack on the Republican Party's nominee for president.
Mattel, the maker of Barbie dolls, has been reported to be in talks with toy-maker Hasbro.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why octopuses are so popular in Tanzania.
Mark Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two Indonesian women in Hong Kong.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire are to be debated by councillors in Northallerton on Friday.
Venezuela's military says it has arrested three rebels who carried out an attack on a military barracks in August.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
The coroner at the inquest into the deaths of two men who were shot dead in the Troubles has said he is "disappointed" by the lack of a coroner in Northern Ireland.
Children and young people in Birmingham are not getting the help and support they need quickly enough, the city council has said.
Five MPs have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target.
Lord Coe has said he is "not in denial" about the scale of the corruption within the IAAF.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues has been found a place of care in police custody, the force has said.
Thai police have cancelled a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report on the persecution of Christians in Vietnam, citing security concerns.
Archaeologists have recovered the carvings from the ruins of a 17th Century Georgian mansion in Gloucestershire.
Scientists have released 'close shave' data from the asteroid 2004 BL86.
A Los Angeles man has pleaded guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in March.
Jockey George Gwynne has been discharged from hospital after suffering a brain injury in a fall at the Cheltenham Festival.
The new Conservative MP for Cardiff North has said he is "hot-desking" for a permanent office.
If you're a fan of basketball, you might have noticed a mermaid puzzle at the airport in Pyongyang.
A road worker who was seriously injured in a collision with a car has died.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a collapsed building in New York City.
A police officer has been fired after shooting dead a teenager in the US state of Texas, officials say.
Teenage pop star Kylie Minogue has been awarded an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge eased to victory over Cheltenham in League Two.
The former head of Irish language programmes, Pádraig Ó Murchú, has died.
The Northern Ireland secretary has said she is working with Chinese officials to improve the quality of Northern Ireland's lamb.
Engineers have recreated a key part of the German codebreaking machine used by Adolf Hitler during World War Two.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could return to the club in the future.
Turkey's main opposition newspaper, Cumhuriyet, has suspended its editor-in-chief and several other journalists amid an investigation into the failed coup.
England's Ryan Fitzpatrick shot a three-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been tied up and robbed at knifepoint at their home in Londonderry.
At least 30 people have been killed in New Zealand's earthquake and tsunami, the country's prime minister has said.
The world's first pure silicon wafer has been produced.
St Johnstone midfielder Kyle Stephens says he is confident his side can bounce back from their Christmas defeat.
A cat who has been stealing toy toys and a felt basket has been reunited with his owners.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored a late drop-goal as Salford beat Castleford to go top of Super League.
Plans for a major expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Wiltshire have been approved.
Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off as his side were beaten 2-0 by Cape Verde in a friendly in the South Atlantic.
The bill to give the government new powers to investigate terrorism in England and Wales has been passed by the House of Lords.
In the middle of the desert in the US state of California, a huge concrete wall stretches across the desert.
Glasgow secured their first away win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Leinster at Murrayfield.
Nepal and Tibet have been at the centre of a series of devastating floods since last year's earthquake.
A charity has called on internet providers to "up its game" over misleading broadband adverts.
Birmingham City reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Chelsea.
Scientists say they have developed a new treatment for pig infections that could be "completely transformative" for human health.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time with victory over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Britain's Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet in Sunday's French Open final at the clay-court Grand Slam in Paris.
Dundee United striker Lee Goodwillie says he is focusing on club football after signing for Plymouth Argyle.
A girl from London has become the youngest ever chess master in the United States.
American teenager Katie Ledecky won Olympic gold in the women's 200m freestyle at Rio 2016.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who went missing last month.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he has a "moral opposition" to nuclear weapons as he launched his campaign for the Scottish Labour leadership.
Five Sudan players have been ruled ineligible to play in the second qualifying round of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Jean-Louis Akpa-Akpro scored the only goal of the game as Barnet won at Mansfield.
The creator of The Simpsons has revealed that his fictional town is based in the US.
Belfast International Airport's chief executive has urged Enda Kenny to give the Irish government a "fair crack of the whip" over Brexit.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life.
Three of Spain's most prominent left-wing mayors have announced plans to tackle poverty and child poverty.
A woman has died after being assaulted in West Yorkshire.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% in the three months to December 2014, according to official figures.
A police officer has been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was beaten to death by her killer.
It could be "only a matter of time" before there is a Spice-related death at a prison, a watchdog has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has called on political forces to "play politics" with the plight of the kidnapped schoolgirls.
A man accused of murdering his landlord with a hammer has told a court he was "angry" about his break-up.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll should be included in his squad for Euro 2016.
A Pembrokeshire town's swimming pool has been saved by two community groups.
The Iraqi town of Qaraqosh has been recaptured by Kurdish forces in the northern province of Nineveh, officials say.
The partner of one of the men missing after the collapse of a power station in Oxfordshire has said there is still a chance he could still be alive.
A derelict shipyard in South Georgia is to be transformed into a theatre.
Bob the Builder is to return to TV screens for a second series.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, according to a union.
Tens of thousands of people have attended a vigil for a man shot dead during a police operation in West Yorkshire.
League Two side Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell midfielder Chris Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore for the funerals of those killed in a series of sectarian attacks.
Durham clinched the County Championship title with a seven-wicket win over Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
Water stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface is the most rapidly renewed in human lifetimes, according to a new study.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has rejected claims it was trying to influence a reporter working on a story about a Conservative MP's expenses claim.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Mark Morris says it was "very proud" of the county's capacity to host three full matches in 19 days.
Former world number one Mark Fordham says he would love to play again at Lakeside.
India's central bank has cut interest rates for the first time in more than a year.
James McClean and Darren Randolph have been named in the Republic of Ireland squad for a friendly against Mexico on 2 June.
Islamic State (IS) militants have claimed they fired a missile at a naval vessel off the coast of Egypt's Sinai peninsula.
The UK's richest man, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed as the government's new civil servant.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Toulon Tournament for the first time in their history as they beat Mexico 3-2 on penalties.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott on a two-year deal, says head coach Steve Mason.
Northern Ireland's Michael McComb has reached the quarter-finals of the European European Championships in Ukraine with a unanimous victory over Russia's Vladimir Kharkiv.
There is a growing number of people who are unaware of the range of services pharmacists offer in the NHS.
At least nine children have been taken to hospital after a slide collapsed at a carnival in Dorset.
A woman with histrionic personality disorder who tried to kill herself has the right to refuse life-saving kidney treatment, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A conservationist has been chosen to work with a wildlife trust to create a "hedgehog-friendly town".
Four British soldiers died when their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
More than 300 people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia's Oromia region, officials say.
Lancashire lost the Bill Beaumont Cup for the first time in their history as they were beaten by 10-man Cornwall at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" has been jailed for life.
South Africa has pulled out of the International Criminal Court (ICC), the country's government has said.
A cyclist died after being hit by a pothole in Newport, an inquest has heard.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as Newcastle United manager by Rafael Benitez.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be lost in London if the UK leaves the European Union, according to sources close to HSBC.
Tributes have been paid to the decision by the High Court to allow abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
A man has been seriously injured after being attacked by an elephant in the German city of Heidelberg, police say.
Russia's justice ministry says it has designated a rights group as a foreign agent and banned it from conducting any work linked to the election campaign.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think the assembly could be won if the EU referendum was re-run.
On Thursday morning, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of Barcelona to remember the victims of Thursday's attack.
Singer-songwriter Alessia Cara has topped the BBC's Sound Of 2016 list for the first time.
A man has been arrested after a chameleon preserved in formaldehyde was seized at Heathrow Airport.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a lorry driver in Berlin by Anis Amri.
A Catholic curate who told children he was not real has apologised after a parent said she was "feeling terrible".
A man has died in a house fire in west Belfast.
Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police officers have been jailed for using the force's computer system to give false information about a man being investigated for attempted murder.
A five-year-old boy from North Lanarkshire has called Celtic to apologise for missing the club's birthday party.
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
The M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads, according to a new study.
Pro-Russia activists have taken over government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of Shakespeare's The Tempest in London's West End.
Belgium's king has come under fire for a Christmas message in which he warned against the rise of populism.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in England's 13-man squad for the one-day series against Pakistan in March.
The organisers of the Derry Fleadh have said they will bid again to host the festival in 2017.
A County Londonderry woodland is being planted to mark the centenary of the end of World War One.
A sign on a busy railway line in Nottingham has been labelled "Univeristy of Nottingham" by the city's transport authority.
Ethiopian Olympic marathon runner Feyisa Oromo has raised more than $25,000 (Â£18,000) for his protest against the government, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) says.
The Department of Roads (DRD) ordered a barrier to be removed at the spot where teenager Enda Dolan was knocked down by a van, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
At least 11 people have been killed in a knife attack at a train station in the Chinese city of Kunming, state media report.
Energy firm EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, this time for its dual-fuel customers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the government's campaign for the EU referendum.
Mae fydd wedi i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghymru.
A custody sergeant who killed a man in a custody centre did not use excessive force, a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in oil prices.
Police are investigating after eight puppies and a lurcher were stolen from a house in Fife.
Police are investigating reports of "hate crime" on bonfires in loyalist areas of Northern Ireland.
Celta Vigo have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Juan Cuadrado on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies are "getting away with simply not providing a service in exchange for the fee", an AM has said.
"We are committed to investigating all allegations of historical child abuse."
Plans for a new spaceport in Kintyre are to be unveiled later.
George is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
The Liberal Democrats have won North East Fife from the SNP.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Robert Opie looks at why we are changing what we buy.
A County Antrim knitwear firm has said it has seen a surge in demand for its private label garments.
A replica of a cave in France that is thought to be the oldest in the world has been unveiled.
Manchester City goalkeeper Katie Chapman has been called up to the England squad for the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
A former paramedic has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl while he was driving.
Britain's Tyson Fury retained his IBF and WBA light-welterweight titles with a unanimous points victory over Dereck Chisora in London.
Hull KR head coach Neil Peacock says Albert Kelly's disciplinary action is "all up in the air".
The Conservative Party has said it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of the events surrounding the death of a young Tory activist.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has announced plans to raise more than $25bn (£15bn) in its initial public offering (IPO).
The financial results of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
Brentford defender Tom Jones has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Pop star Nicki Minaj has been on the front page of Newsbeat this week, but the conversation hasn't been about her new album.
Canada Post, the country's largest postal service, says it will cut the number of parcels it delivers by 50% by 2020.
US President Barack Obama has called for "visible prosecutions" to tackle corruption in Kenya, as he arrived in the country for the first time as president.
In the mountains of south-eastern France, thousands of sheep are enjoying the warm weather.
James Corden is to host three episodes of The Late Late Show in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the EU referendum and the migrant crisis.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the bank's board.
Eight celebrities have been identified by the FBI as victims of a data breach at their Los Angeles home last summer, according to an affidavit.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Jordan's education minister has warned that the international community will pay a "high price" if it does not do more to help Syrian refugees.
Vijay Mallya, the former owner of India's biggest spirits firm Diageo, has reportedly left the country.
Vesuvius University is to carry out a study to see if e-cigarettes are a safer alternative to traditional cigarettes.
A Gloucestershire school is to close at the end of December.
The Duke of Cambridge has become the latest celebrity to sign up for a campaign to raise awareness of mental health issues.
A woman has been rescued from a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school head teacher has been jailed for seven years for a string of sex offences against pupils.
The deaths of two whales and a minke whale off the Suffolk coast are coincidental, scientists have said.
A man who admitted killing his ex-girlfriend has had his jail sentence increased.
Captain Virat Kohli scored his maiden World Cup century as India thrashed Pakistan by eight wickets in the first one-day international.
Jonathan Demme has been nominated for five Oscars for his work with Talking Heads.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has rejected the nomination of Lutalo Muhammad for the London 2012 Games.
A reinvestigation into the death of a police informant in north London has been closed by the Metropolitan Police.
A man who stabbed his partner to death during a row over an ice cream has been jailed for eight years.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has agreed to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital.
Leeds Rhinos secured their place in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a hard-fought win at St Helens.
Kenya's president has said he will not be intimidated by the judiciary, despite a High Court ruling that the process for printing and distributing ballot papers was flawed.
A major storm has hit the Indonesian city of Pembrokeshire.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent her a friendly text saying "hi, how are you", a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers clinched their first Super League title with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield Trinity.
Brand has been accused of hypocrisy by the Sun newspaper.
Paul Murray was a five-year-old boy from Stoke-on-Trent, who was killed in a car crash on 12 April 1989.
The Norwegian prime minister has said he is "deeply touched" by the number of people killed in a bomb attack on a youth camp in the centre of Oslo.
A man has denied murdering a woman whose remains were found in the Republic of Ireland more than five years ago.
Bromley kept their National League play-off hopes alive with victory at North Ferriby.
Glamorgan have appointed former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to strong winds.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 0.5% in the fourth quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Teenagers are better at remembering the details of their experiences during adolescence, a study suggests.
A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist in the Flathead National Park in the US state of Montana.
Police are to set up special patrols at 12 Tube stations across London to try to reduce anti-social behaviour on the Night Tube.
A former NHS nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for seven years.
Ireland will face Zimbabwe in the quarter-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 in Colombo on Saturday.
Plans to build holiday lodges on a Grade I listed landscape at Warwick Castle have been put forward for public inquiry.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should rethink his Republic of Ireland training schedule, says captain Michael Keane.
Two men have gone on trial accused of murdering their ex-partner.
German airline Lufthansa has announced it is to charge an extra three-digit million euros per annum for online booking services.
Carrick Rangers have been cleared of breaching the Irish Football Association's disciplinary code.
Scientists have discovered a way to predict how long we will live.
The Mexican government has increased the prison sentence for kidnappings committed by public officials, as part of a crackdown on violent crime.
A woman who died after a nerve stimulator operation was removed too soon, an inquest has heard.
A court in Nigeria's north-eastern city of Bauchi has sentenced four Muslim men to death for homosexual offences.
The head of Russia's anti-doping agency, Vitaly Mutko, has said it is "high time" for him to retire.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto a controversial anti-discrimination law.
Shaky Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales.
Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man has dismissed claims that Russia and Qatar were bribed to win the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
A man who was extradited from Albania to face charges of murder has been found guilty of assaulting his wife.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision not to wear poppies in their World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland.
A collection of diving helmets worth more than £10,000 has been sold at auction.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
Championship side Manchester City have signed Preston North End striker Ryan Brownhill on a season-long loan deal.
GPs in North Yorkshire and Humber are being told they may be allowed to close if they fail to improve their care.
Former Llanelli player-manager Dougie Wallace is one of the most recognisable names in footballing history.
Human trafficking and human trafficking are serious and organised crime.
The Underground Tunnels have opened to the public for the first time since World War Two.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has said he wants to "win something" at the club.
Nigeria international striker Eniola Aluko has accused England manager Mark Sampson of bullying and harassment.
The number of self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales has reached its highest level in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to announce his squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
Two people have been arrested after a gun was fired at a house in Cardiff.
Northampton Saints scrum-half Tom Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if he is to play for England in the Six Nations.
Defending champion Ding Junhui stormed into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6-1 victory over world number one Mark Duffy.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool is set to be extended after researchers found it was a success.
The longest-serving head teacher in the country is to retire at the end of the year.
National League side Stevenage have signed Rushall defender Ryan Moore on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a forest in Conwy county is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
On New Year's Eve I was in a township in Orkney, in the Western Isles.
The Hong Kong government has announced plans to allow passengers to travel overland.
Australia is to send 30 more troops to Afghanistan to help train Afghan security forces.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Head teachers have accused the government of "turning back the clock to the 1850s" by allowing schools to hire teachers who have not qualified as teachers.
Royal Mail is considering industrial action over proposed changes to its pension plan, the Communications Workers Union (CWU) has said.
Jersey Warriors centre Tom Stevens says the club are "on the right road" to reaching the Championship play-offs.
The world's first-ever tailless, jet-powered unmanned aircraft has taken to the skies.
Chipmaker Qualcomm has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
Two people have been rescued from a fire in a lounge in Kent.
China has executed four Uighur men convicted of terrorism offences in Xinjiang, state media report.
A former children's home has reopened to the public after it was taken over by a community group.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
It is becoming a "lottery" for high street banks to compensate customers who mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI).
If you're a fan of pee, you might want to think again.
Facebook has released a map of the world, which it says is the most detailed in the world.
Warrington Wolves made it two wins from two in the Super League season with a comfortable victory over Widnes Vikings.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a naked rider.
Kai, a 10-year-old boy, has been living in a refugee camp in South Sudan for more than a year.
A police car has been damaged in a brick attack in Londonderry.
Emma Stone has said there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive these rights.
There are too many passengers that do not get the level of reliability they have a right to expect, according to a new report.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals with a 1-0 win over Morocco in Gabon.
Three police officers have been cleared of misconduct over comments they made about MP Keith Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Birmingham may have been stabbed, police have said.
A group of comedians and entertainers from around the world are taking part in a contest to find the world's first "silly moustache".
China has criticised Zambia for arresting more than 100 people suspected of illegally mining copper in the north-east of the country.
Kilcoo have been suspended by the Ulster GAA following an allegation of racial abuse.
Nick Kyrgios needs to "look in the mirror" if he wants to become the best player in the world, says former world number one John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto is his "friend" during a visit to Mexico.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man has died after being attacked by two men in a car park in Denbighshire.
Huddersfield Giants have extended the contracts of Tom Bailey, Ben Cox and Chris Dodds.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre after police failed to stop it for safety reasons.
Coventry City have signed Sunderland striker Giaccherini on a season-long loan deal.
Archaeologists have uncovered "unprecedented" finds at a medieval castle.
The former editor of the Sun, John MacKenzie, is being investigated by police over comments he made about the "missing link between man and beast".
Torquay United have agreed a deal to buy the National League club from property developer GI Group.
There is a "moral and a legal duty" to ensure appropriate adults are available wherever people live in England and Wales, a government report has said.
Here is a full list of the 2017 British and Irish Lions debutants.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini both scored late goals as Manchester United came from behind to beat Leicester at Old Trafford.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence, the Daily Telegraph has learned.
The UK will continue to enjoy the same rights as EU citizens after Brexit, the prime minister has said.
A Spanish court has heard that the ringleader of a cell that carried out a series of attacks in Barcelona and Cambrils last week was planning to carry out a "much bigger" attack.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a court he was "frightened" by the attack.
A convicted murderer has absconded from a prison in North Yorkshire.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at the US PGA Championship despite missing the rest of the season.
David Lammy has said he is considering whether to stand as Labour's deputy leader.
The former chief executive of the South Devon NHS Foundation Trust has admitted stealing more than £11,000 from the NHS.
Google has announced a new service that allows it to measure the impact of its adverts across devices and cross-channel.
A 25-year-old woman has been sexually assaulted by a man in a car in Edinburgh.
The population of the UK increased by 491,100 in 2013, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away from home for the first time in five years in the FA Cup qualifying round.
Plans for a £200m bridge over the River Thames in London have been abandoned because the value for money for the taxpayer has not been secured, a review has found.
A major road in Buckinghamshire has been closed after a burst water main caused it to overflow.
The story of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal continues to dominate Thursday's papers.
The husband of a dentist who took her own life has said the last few days have been the worst of his life.
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been charged with the murder of a teenager who was shot dead by officers responding to reports of underage drinking.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about terrorism has caused a stir on social media.
Simon Pitcher is hoping to break the record for the fastest solo rowing across the Atlantic.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal drew 1-1 with Sweden in the first leg of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Five British men arrested in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The Afghan government says it has lost control of Sangin district in Helmand province to the Taliban.
As the world remembers the horrors of World War Two, one man from Newport remembers the football which kept him sane.
Glastonbury is set to be the UK's biggest music festival.
More than 150 people have been rescued from a fire at a hotel in Edinburgh.
A tribunal in Ivory Coast has ordered Ghana to suspend all oil drilling in the disputed area of the Black Sea.
More than 100 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving in the last 12 months, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans' rape trial has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Full-back Stuart Hogg was out of the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand with an ankle injury.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that beavers have been found in the Highlands.
Two men have been found on the roof of a building in Bridgend.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the club after only eight games in charge.
A former chief executive of a children's services company has been accused of bullying and bullying.
Plans to install 1,000 solar panels on homes in Kirklees have been approved by councillors.
Andy Murray says he is "disappointed" by the lack of young British players competing in Grand Slams.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" during the club's promotion to League Two, according to manager Keith Richards.
British long jumper Greg Rutherford has apologised to his parents after failing to reach the final of the World Championships in London.
The verdict of accidental death in the 1989 Hillsborough disaster does not amount to criminal liability, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The RSPCA has appealed for information after a pony was found dead in a remote part of Hampshire.
Children who have made it to Europe unaccompanied will be eligible for resettlement in the UK, the government has said.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has defended his decision to shave off his beard.
Dance act The Chemical Brothers have topped the UK album chart with their second album, The Last Time I Saw You.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of reforms aimed at reviving the country's economy.
The 2019 Women's Cricket Super League will be based in the south west of England.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen in the past three years.
The Libyan coastguard is searching for survivors of two boats that capsized off the coast of Libya on Thursday.
A ceasefire in Syria has been going on for a few hours.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised ex-footballer Andy Woodward for his bravery after he revealed he was sexually abused as a child.
Plans for major redevelopment of Dundee's waterfront have been given the go-ahead.
Ulster have appointed Steve Clarke as their new head coach.
Leeds Rhinos prop George Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Bubba Watson will captain the United States in the Ryder Cup, says Davis Love III, the team's vice-captain.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "pray and hope" Mercedes do not impose team orders on his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg following their collision.
DNA samples from 10 soldiers believed to have died in World War One have been identified by a genealogist.
Andriy Yarmolenko scored the only goal of the game as Ukraine beat Slovenia to reach the Euro 2016 play-offs.
Ospreys coach Jonathan Rees says his side's second-half performance in their European Champions Cup defeat by Exeter was "inevitable".
The first section of the M8 motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened.
The Match of the Day Kickabout is taking place on Saturday, 13 July 2012 at Wembley Stadium in London.
Serena Williams has said she does not deserve to be paid less because of her sex.
Too many young people are "teetering on the brink" of serious mental illness, warns a new report.
An Israeli man has been shot dead after carrying out a series of attacks in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv.
A man who stabbed a man in the head while on bail has been jailed for four-and-a-half years.
A California woman accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend and dismembering his body has been released on bail.
The number of nursery staff taking GCSE courses has fallen by more than 30% in the past year, new figures show.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the US economy is nearing its "target of maximum employment and price stability".
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power reported a fall in full-year profits.
When I first met a fake girlfriend in 2013, I thought it was just a joke.
A young black woman has been named Welsh youth of the year as part of Black History Month.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Joe Root has been named England Test captain by Alastair Cook.
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting to demand an inquiry into a police training exercise in Manchester.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has joined a Peckham theatre to give back to the community.
Dundee maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a comfortable win over Ross County.
MPs have been heckled over the government's plans to offer apprenticeships to older workers.
A Ceredigion university is to receive £1.5m in lottery funding to help pay for a new science centre.
Institute Football Club's home ground in Drumahoe, County Londonderry, has been damaged by flooding on Tuesday.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter David Fletcher as their new chief executive.
Germany has tightened its border controls with Austria to try to cope with the influx of refugees.
The impact of climate change on the monsoon over India is being investigated by scientists.
Kenyan doctors have stopped working in public hospitals in the capital, Nairobi, amid a nationwide strike over pay.
Three US marines have been rescued after their helicopter crashed off the coast of Australia.
An escaped corn snake has been rescued from a park in Londonderry.
The Royal Navy is to begin cutting steel for the first of its new Type 26 frigates next summer, the defence secretary has said.
Afghan security forces have killed four gunmen in an attack on a hospital in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
The Prince of Wales has led a Royal goat parade in Conwy county.
A group of Indian nurses who were kidnapped by Islamic State militants in Iraq have been freed and taken to the city of Mosul, officials say.
Striker James Anderson says he is "not bothered" by claims he was punched by Rangers defender Kiernan Kiernan during their Scottish Cup tie.
Huddersfield Town chairman David Sweet says the club are in the "beginning of a resurgence" after their relegation from League Two.
Livingston came from behind to draw with Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would not allow his MPs to vote against UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a man believed to have lived in the Copper Age has been unveiled.
Chipotle Mexican Grill may have been linked to an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials have said.
The mother of a Chicago girl who went missing after watching a livestream of her daughter being sexually assaulted has said she fears for her daughter's safety.
When Tsai Ing-wen was first elected leader of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), she was seen as a symbol of democracy.
Britain's Andy Murray and James Ward will meet in the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open on Saturday.
Chancellor George Osborne would be a "disgrace" if he pulls the plug on the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, an MP has said.
The RSPCA has reported a fall in the number of animal cruelty cases in Wales.
It's almost time for the start of the 2015 Formula 1 season in Australia.
Armed police have carried out a security alert on a coach on the M6 toll carriageway in Staffordshire.
Four London councils have spent more than £100,000 on legal action against the building of a third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Torrential rain and high winds have caused severe flooding in parts of Germany and Sweden, with temperatures reaching -41.7C in some areas.
The bodies of five French Resistance fighters have been laid to rest at the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
A 90-year-old woman has been seriously injured in an assault at her home in East Kilbride.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead going into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Plans to allow gay and bisexual men to apply for posthumous pardons in Northern Ireland have been agreed.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact pupils has been banned from teaching.
A popular motoring event in Coventry has been cancelled because of funding cuts.
Police in England and Wales are investigating reports of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor reached the semi-finals of the PDC World Championship for the first time with victory over Peter Wright in the play-off final.
Imagine having to change your child on the dirty floors of standard accessible toilets when you go out as a family.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants, his news agency has said.
There is a culture of inequality between vocational and academic pathways to work, the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee says.
Chinese search engines have joined forces with the government to crack down on phishing attacks.
Video replays could soon be used in United Soccer League matches.
Zambia and South Africa have been drawn in the same group for the Fifa Under 20 World Cup.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something you've seen or heard, you might want to talk to your friends or family about it.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast.
Venezuela has deployed 17,000 troops to the border with Colombia to try to stop the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland's media sector is dominated by TV and radio.
British number one Johanna Konta was knocked out of the Madrid Open in straight sets 6-3 6-4.
Plans for a new Merthyr Tydfil supermarket have been given the go-ahead by the owner of the Butterley Brickworks.
Wales Under-18 batsman James Botham has signed a new two-year contract with the national side.
Michael Matthews won stage 11 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
If you have been sexually abused by Jimmy Savile on the BBC, you may have been asked to report it to the police.
Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they have begun the process of pulling out heavy weapons from the line of contact.
Royal Mail has warned of an "urgent need" for a new framework for delivering letters to all parts of the UK.
Daniel Radcliffe has said he is "one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Five Russian women wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the Order of Courage by the Kremlin for their bravery and sacrifice in the conflict.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to be "full-strength" when they face New Zealand on Saturday.
The director general of the Philippine police, Rodolfo Palomino, has said he is under investigation over allegations of sexual abuse.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and go top of the table.
British number one Johanna Konta has been suspended from her Fed Cup match in Romania for "serious misconduct".
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the first time in its history.
National League side Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of Norwich City midfielder James O'Neill until the end of the season.
At least 11 people have been killed and 20 wounded in two explosions in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A 15-year-old girl has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash in the United States on Sunday.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a crash in Ceredigion.
Belfast boxer James Barnes won his first professional fight with a points victory over 27-year-old Alexander Slavchev in Belfast.
Theresa May has said she is "confident" Donald Trump will be able to sign a formal trade deal with the UK.
The official estimate of the UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is based on three things.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online tool to help schools tackle the attainment gap.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over the return of the Parthenon Marbles.
Social security spending has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a think tank.
Albania secured their place in the Euro 2016 qualifying group with a comfortable victory over Armenia.
Councils across Scotland are to review the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire.
West Ham striker Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford eased Newcastle's relegation fears with victory at St James' Park.
Plans to demolish a former pub in Pembrokeshire have been approved by councillors.
Ukrainian opposition politician Mikhail Kalashnikov has been found dead at his home in the capital, Kiev, officials say.
The former adviser to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has written a scathing account of his time in office, describing him as "a fragile seducer subjugated by his conquests".
Wrexham are interested in signing former Plymouth Argyle striker James Harvey.
A room dedicated to the Duke of Wellington has been recreated as part of a new exhibition at Walmer Castle.
People who spend time in aquariums are happier when they are surrounded by more fish, a study suggests.
Easyjet, the UK's biggest airline, is developing drones that can be fitted with high-definition video cameras to help it run its fleet of planes.
A new trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
PepsiCo is to close its Walkers crisps factory in East Durham by the end of December.
A recording studio in north-west London has opened to the public.
Russian authorities have visited the offices of more than 100 human rights organisations.
The use of the swine flu vaccine has been linked to narcolepsy, according to a new study.
The number of US universities in the top 20 of the world's universities has risen sharply, according to a new league table.
Two giant Welsh dragons have arrived at Caernarfon Castle in Wrexham.
A woman who embezzled thousands of pounds while acting as an agent for a company has been given a payback order.
Australia's prime minister is calling for a ban on vaccinating children in childcare centres.
Oscar Pérez, a Venezuelan forensic police officer, has been on the run for more than a year.
The SNP has been elected as the third largest party at Westminster.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the fungus that causes ash die-back in East Anglia.
It's almost time for the US presidential election to get under way.
San Francisco's most expensive street has been sold at auction for almost $70,000 (£45,000) - but residents say they may have to pay back the money.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton eased to victory over Gateshead in the National League.
Two climbers have been reported missing on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Skiing Federation has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for two games after being sent off in Saturday's Serie A defeat by Juventus.
Smoking is a dirty and smelly habit that affects people around the world, according to Public Health England.
The Bracknell Forest forensic hospital in south London is to ask its residents for their views on its services.
Minimum alcohol pricing in England and Wales should be scrapped, peers have said.
Plans for a £10m surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Corey Kluber gave the Cleveland Indians their first World Series win since 1908 as they beat the Chicago Cubs 4-1 in Game One.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo says he feels "really sorry" for his mistake in the Spanish Grand Prix.
Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) supporters have called for Leicester City to be fined for homophobic chanting.
Police are investigating reports that a bonfire in east Belfast has been set alight prematurely.
Donald Trump is not the Republican Party's best presidential candidate.
Mariya Purve-Jorendal was born in India in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who was jailed for 20 years after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia could be moved to a secure prison.
Pupils at a Powys school have voted in favour of changing it to a Welsh-medium school.
Tom DeLonge has announced he is leaving Blink 182.
A woman has been rescued from a hole in a tyre after getting stuck in a car tyre.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Marcos Rojo is playing "very clean".
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised for allowing cultish rituals to be performed in the presidential palace.
A 35-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car.
A campaign has been launched to get Parliament to debate the death penalty.
A three-year-old boy has died in a farm accident in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for shooting dead his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.
The owners ofunsfold Park in Waverley have lost a High Court bid to overturn planning permission for flight testing.
Oxford United have made one change to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup second round tie against Newcastle United, with striker Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain available.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to buy China's biggest e-commerce site, Yihaodian.
There will be a rebellion against the Welsh government over plans to devolve tax powers to the assembly, the first minister has said.
UKIP has set out its plans for a dedicated veterans' minister in the wake of the general election.
A look back at some of the most famous and controversial figures of the past year.
The government is to cut subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC understands.
A service is being held to mark the 100th anniversary of the bravery of Welsh soldiers who fought in World War One.
Great Britain's Jamie Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the semi-finals of the Olympic badminton in Rio.
It's been a turbulent week for London Underground.
Coventry City fans have been warned to stay away from the pitch after a number of anti-social and illegal incidents.
China has pledged to work with the US on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions between the two countries.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has been awarded a £500,000 donation to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
A Staffordshire air ambulance volunteer who was photographed rescuing victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash has thanked David Beckham for his support.
Northern Ireland's environment minister Michael Durkan has been found guilty of breaching the ministerial code over a controversial planning plan.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Spire.
Hartlepool United manager David Hignett says he is "walking into a positive situation" with the League Two club.
George Cole, who died at the age of 83, was one of Britain's most famous actors.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, following the Bank of England's decision not to raise interest rates.
About 36,000 firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions and pensions.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia has launched an investigation into the seizure of confidential information about peace talks between the government and Farc rebels.
The Football Association has appointed a new director of women's football.
Former Manchester United striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in the club's Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been threatened with a box of money during a robbery at a bank in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral of a couple killed in the Tunisia terror attack has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear dating back to 1891 are to be sold at auction.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson said the referee's decision to book a player for tackling in his side's 2-1 defeat by Moldova was "unacceptable".
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders has said he is running out of clean clothes at the Euro 2016 tournament.
Mark Wilson said his record-breaking run of five consecutive tons was the "best match I've ever played" as he reached the quarter-finals of the German Open.
Shrinking products such as toilet rolls and ice creams are among the products most likely to be getting smaller, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found on a towpath in West Yorkshire may have suffered "deep trauma", police have said.
Britain's Chris Froome suffered a setback as Jarlinson Pantano won stage 15 of the Tour de France.
The government has confirmed most of its preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham.
Chesterfield came from behind to beat Barnsley and move up to second in League One.
French energy giant EDF has said it expects to give the go-ahead for the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
A fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the violence at the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman has been barred from flying to the United States because of new US visa rules.
Schools in Wales are not giving enough support to able and talented pupils, an education watchdog has said.
A teenager who bit off part of a man's ear has been jailed for four years.
Health workers in Australia are at risk of being prosecuted for revealing confidential information about detainees' mental health, a senior doctor has warned.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named Book of the Year.
Who better than the rest of the Great British Bake Off?
An investigation into the management of a cancer hospital in Withington has been launched by the health regulator.
Scientists have made a detailed reconstruction of a mollusc that lived 520 million years ago.
The Independent News & Media is considering moving out of its premises in Belfast city centre.
The parents of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march in Powys have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has refused to remove their immunity from prosecution.
A man has been arrested after a stolen tractor was found abandoned in a road.
Plaid Cymru's former presiding officer Lord Elis-Thomas has said there is a "serious constitutional challenge" ahead of the next Welsh Government budget.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has shaken up a number of businesses.
A rise in hate speech in the US and Europe has led to a rise in attacks on people based on their identity, Amnesty International says.
There has been a lot of talk about junior doctors' strike action in England.
Bath have held talks with French side Racing 92 about the signing of Wales lock Luke Charteris.
Some of the notebooks and diaries of World War One poet Edward Thomas are in "critical condition" due to acidification, fragile bindings and general deterioration, a university has said.
Matt Machan's unbeaten half-century helped Worcestershire fight back against Sussex on day one at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi says Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola can make a "big revolution" in English football.
More than 1,000 people have been stranded in hospital in Scotland in the last three months, according to new figures.
India's railways will not allow Maoist rebels to attack trains even during the night, its director general has said.
A "mini-Tour de France" is being offered to Cambridge residents as part of a bid to promote the city ahead of the race.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged assault in Londonderry.
Tunisia's tourism industry is reeling from the terror attack on the Tunisian beach that left six people dead.
A Florida man has been charged with arson after a fire at a mosque that killed 49 people last year.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland has called on hillwalkers to help clean up the bothies in the Cairngorms.
Catalans Dragons secured their place in the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought win over Wakefield.
Gloucester hooker Mark Atkinson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Former England striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, his family has confirmed.
Celtic maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
North Lanarkshire maintained their unbeaten start to the Scottish League Two season with a comfortable win over Montrose.
Championship side Burnley have signed Burnley midfielder Josh Jones on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £20,000 from a fraudulent account.
League Two side MK Dons have signed Bradford City striker Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has threatened to cut off cash transfers to Mexico if he fails to secure a border wall with the US.
A Conservative AM has been de-selected from the party's list of 60 AMs in South Wales East.
Bairns manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish manager of the season award.
A celebrity who wants to publish an account of his alleged extra-marital activities to the Sun on Sunday has been given more time to appeal.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has come under fire for his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks to sell the club.
The head of a lion shot dead in Zimbabwe is to be mounted in a glass case to be used as a memorial to the animal's killers, a conservationist says.
Substitute Nicky Ajose scored a stoppage-time penalty as Gillingham drew with Charlton.
Thousands of high earners are set to lose child benefit after the government announced changes to the tax system.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Alan Curtis has been appointed Swansea City's new loan player manager.
Four youth football matches have been cancelled after caravans parked next to the changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris has reopened following a three-day period of national mourning following the Paris attacks.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup after failing to qualify for the knockout stages.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan by six wickets at Lord's to reach the One-Day Cup quarter-finals.
The chief executive of a hospital that was rated inadequate by the health watchdog has said he is "not ashamed" of himself.
Police have released CCTV images of a woman and a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Londonderry.
The number of dog attacks in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year, figures have shown.
Heather Rabbatts has resigned from the Football Association after five years on the board.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest 50-ball century in one-day international history as England beat Pakistan by six wickets in the third match of the three-match series.
Two people have been arrested after a man and his wife were killed in a crash involving a car and two cyclists.
The founder of a Peebles-based tyre-fitting business has been bought by Michelin, the Michelin Group's parent company.
A draft report on the future of national parks in Wales has been criticised by conservationists.
Surrey all-rounder Danny Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Virtual buttons have been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A group of fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
Poland's conservative Law and Justice party has won enough seats in parliament to form a new government.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged.
A six-year-old boy died after an optometrist failed to detect swelling in his eyes, a court has heard.
Burton Albion extended their unbeaten run to nine games with victory over Birmingham City.
Wakefield Trinity prop Matt Garbutt has been banned for two games after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Catalans Dragons.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater for a yachtsman who went missing in the US last month.
Falkirk and Clackmannanshire Council has contributed £30m to a fund which aims to invest in social housing.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent dominated the second day against Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa looks at the life of a diamond miner.
The Northern line extension to Battersea has been approved by the government.
Cross-border rail services between Wales and England could be placed into other franchises, the transport secretary has said.
Tim Peake and Tim Peake have discovered a hidden Space Invaders game on the International Space Station.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun and bomb attack on a hotel popular with tourists in Burkina Faso.
A 25-year-old man has died in a crash with a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who says he lost hope of returning home after 15 years in prison has been reunited with his family.
Security firm mSpy has admitted that up to 80,000 customer details have been exposed in a massive data breach.
"I don't know why the trolls go at people, because they're untraceable."
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has asked Fifa to publish a report into allegations of bribery and corruption at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been told by his fellow shareholders that he will not be running the team.
A Spanish newspaper has published photocopies of documents allegedly showing former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
Two more migrants have been killed trying to cross the English Channel.
Belfast's Mohammed Yafai retained his IBF super-flyweight title with a unanimous points win over fellow Briton Michael O'Connell in Birmingham.
Opening hours at a Hampshire country park have been changed after a campaign by campaigners.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to apologise for a tweet about a former Ulster Defence League (UDR) MP.
The Pakistan Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) says it is "an embarrassment" that it failed to capture Osama Bin Laden's compound.
A US teenager who posted videos of himself using a drone to shoot people is taking legal action against the US authorities.
London's Elephant and Castle junction has been closed to traffic for the first time in 50 years as part of a £25m road transformation.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
Asian shares have fallen sharply following a sharp sell-off on Wall Street.
Iran's moderate and reformist parties have won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections.
Rangers' signing of Bruno Alves is the perfect fit for manager Pedro Caixinha's plans, according to former Scotland defender Mick McCarthy.
Mae Gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed yn ôl hefyd yng Nghymru.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car at the Eastern Centre Championship.
About 800,000 pharmacists in India are going on strike on Monday to protest against online drug sales.
Donald Trump's surprise endorsement of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate has been met with mixed reactions.
A man has been left "devastated" after his garden was flooded by torrential rain.
Nick Griffin, the former leader of the British National Party (BNP), has been expelled from the party after losing his seat in the European Parliament.
A new programme aimed at helping children cope with the transition from primary to secondary school has been launched.
Three sheep painted on a street in Wrexham have been found.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a new deal for Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
A former partner of one of Northern Ireland's biggest banks, Nama, has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in connection with the sale of its Northern Ireland property loans.
League One side AFC Wimbledon have signed Aston Villa defender Sam Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
For many MPs, the chance to introduce a bill in the House of Commons is a tantalising prospect.
The US says it will release a further instalment of funds to Iran as part of a deal on its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by the Netherlands in their final warm-up match in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the deaths of four police officers in Dallas on Monday.
An Australian plane has been forced to make an emergency landing in Papua New Guinea after a snake became trapped on the wing.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy the online news site Business Insider.
Families in Warrington are being offered free travel to a community leisure centre to encourage them to take up swimming.
The Kepler space telescope has discovered 216 planets in the Solar System.
The DSPCA and the RSPCA are investigating an attempt to smuggle more than 100 puppies into the Republic of Ireland.
Nigel Farage has said the government must be "completely mad" to be giving out-of-work benefits to migrants from Eastern Europe.
A Grade II-listed building in Durham has been put up for sale by Durham University.
A rock formation in the Cumbrian Cairngorms has been awarded an award for its outstanding night sky views.
A body has been found in the River Thames in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop secured pole position for Saturday's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod in County Antrim.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report has said.
ScotRail has said it will continue to run fewer trains on Sundays, despite the union Aslef calling for a change in the terms and conditions.
Hungary's foreign minister, Ferenc Szijjarto, has said he will not backtrack on controversial EU laws on asylum seekers and non-governmental organisations.
Imagine walking along a busy street in Belfast and you notice two nails on the feet.
A security flaw in Topps' payment card systems has exposed the details of customers' credit and debit card numbers, the company has said.
India thrashed South Africa by eight wickets in the second Test in Mumbai to take a 3-0 series lead.
The number of motorists caught using their mobile phones in Wales has more than doubled in the past year, new figures show.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked at a community farm.
A council has said it has run out of suitable land in Oxford to build new homes and cemeteries.
Singer Chris Brown has been shot dead at a party in California.
The US Air Force is to resume the sale of combat-ready aircraft to Nigeria, despite concerns over human rights concerns, US officials say.
MPs have rejected an amendment that would have made it illegal to have sex-selective abortions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans for 4,000 new homes in a Surrey district have been given the go-ahead.
The world's food security is under threat because of the impact of climate change, the UN's food agency has warned.
A man who defrauded arts organisations out of more than £100,000 has been jailed for three years at Cardiff Crown Court.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he is unsure whether captain John Terry will continue to play for the club.
DUP MP Gavin Robinson has said he takes it pretty ill for those who suggest that Northern Ireland will descend into violence if the UK leaves the European Union.
The Afghan government has appointed a new head of the counter crime department in the capital, Kabul, following the resignation of Gen Zahir Khan.
More than 100,000 people in the UK will die by the age of 100, according to a new report.
Extinction of some of the UK's most threatened butterflies could begin as early as 2050, a study suggests.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Cardiff-based outsourcing company is creating 300 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most unusual stories in Africa this year.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man.
A father and son have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham is the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to new figures.
Ed Balls is to host the nominations for this year's Olivier Awards.
A commemorative tree is to be planted at a Carmarthenshire park to mark the 300th anniversary of the work of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple who died in a plane crash in New Zealand has said it was their "dream" to celebrate their 50th birthday.
Scotland's small and medium-sized businesses are in a stronger position than a year ago, according to restructuring firm KPMG.
Cavan, Monaghan and Fermanagh have all made changes to their squad for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A police officer who gave information to a drug dealer he met at a gym has been jailed for three years.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his landlord in a "cold and calculated crime".
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Patient safety in the NHS 111 service in Oxfordshire will be compromised due to a lack of staff, a report has said.
Mansfield Town striker Chris Green says he was left "desperately disappointed" by the club's decision to cancel his contract.
UK Sport and GB Taekwondo have been criticised for failing to investigate claims of poor medical care.
David Lloyd hit a career-best century as Glamorgan and Sussex played out a draw in the T20 Blast in Cardiff.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who borrowed more than £30,000 from his victims has been given a suspended jail term.
A senior Jamaican anti-doping officer has said the country's drug testing programme is "not good".
Antonio Conte has been appointed Italy coach on a two-year contract.
Shrewsbury kept their League One play-off hopes alive with a comfortable win over Blackpool.
The story of the UK's exit from the European Union is one of the most complex in the country's history.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos to a military cemetery in Manila.
Two people have been arrested after seven suspected slavery victims were found in a series of raids in the West Midlands.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has doubled in the past week, according to the UN refugee agency.
An elderly woman has been reunited with her old bicycle after it was stolen from a supermarket.
The father of one of the seven police officers killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow has said he feels "calmer" after a meeting with investigators.
Mario Balotelli says he will leave the pitch if he is ever again subjected to racist abuse by AC Milan fans.
A charity event is to be held to raise money for the victims of a rollercoaster crash in Staffordshire.
Alfred Hitchcock's classic thriller Vertigo has been voted the best film of all time by a film critics' magazine.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a New York prison, has been shot and seized in the US state of New York.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales fell in Europe and Asia.
In a remote part of Cambodia, a mangrove community has become an eco-tourism destination for western tourists.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about the implications of the attacks.
An Oxford university has awarded honorary degrees to a woman who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party.
A man has appeared in court following an investigation into the supply and sale of drugs in the Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says his side are "trying to get through" to Euro 2016.
The number of teacher vacancies in northern Scotland has fallen sharply in recent years.
Oscar-winning actor George Clooney has surprised residents at a care home with flowers and a card.
Work to repair a sinkhole which closed a road in Hertfordshire for more than a year has begun.
Everton have signed Leicester City director of football Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jon Walters and Robbie Keane have been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifiers against Sweden and Belgium on Tuesday.
Saracens full-back Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postman who found a postcard box in the loo has said he thinks it might have fallen down the toilet.
Roarie Deacon and Matt Tubbs scored late goals to earn Sutton a place in the third round of the FA Cup.
Photographs by Gareth Iwan Jones are to be published in June.
The closure of the International Human Rights Tribunal (IHAT) is a "bitter pill to swallow", a former soldier has said.
The former governor of Nigeria's Delta state, Ikechukwu Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering and fraud charges in London.
A "hands-on" job is being offered at a Pembrokeshire hotel.
Scotland wing Tim Visser says he is confident his side can beat South Africa in their opening Pool B match at the Rugby World Cup.
More than 1,000 people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother who stopped to feed her baby in public.
Fleetwood reached the second round of the EFL Cup with a 4-1 extra-time win over Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has secured relief in her legal challenge.
It's been a year since the birth of Dr Who, but who else deserves a blue plaque?
More than 100 doctors have signed a letter criticising the government's "withering away" of the NHS in England.
The Mexican government says it has halted roadblocks in the southern state of Oaxaca that have prevented food deliveries for more than a month.
A 7.2 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not resign from the government.
A £10,000 reward has been offered by Crimestoppers to help solve the murder of Caroline McKeich 20 years ago.
Italy progressed to the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 with goals from Fabio Giaccherini and Pelle as they beat Belgium.
Rory McIlroy is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Race to Dubai Championship at Royal Birkdale.
Great Britain's Adam Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after a man's body was sent to a hospital mortuary with the surname of a Conservative MP.
Plans to create 15 new jobs in Cambridge have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Mark Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's singles final for the first time with victory in the semi-finals in Melbourne.
Heavy snow has fallen across parts of northern England, causing travel chaos and disruption.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train.
The chairman of the Airports Commission has been accused of undermining the credibility of his report into Heathrow expansion.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive David Phillips says the Cardiff stadium could host a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to change their mentality after they suffered their first defeat of the season.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Ryan Weston following his release by West Bromwich Albion.
The former department store chain BHS is to launch a new website, with the aim of making it easier for people to shop online.
When Joba Rani took out her first microfinance loan after her crops were destroyed by the recent floods in Bangladesh, she was devastated.
The US is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention centre, the US attorney general has said.
A long-running dispute over pay has been resolved after a ballot by Luas drivers in the Republic of Ireland.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages after he was accused of selling oil to the Islamic State group.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the European Union to stop negotiations on a trade deal with Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the sale of the club to former striker Chris Holdsworth, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland secured their first win of the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists have used a gene editing technique to treat tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", is to be sold.
The winner of the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize for Peace have been announced in Oslo.
Belfast Capitals secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Cardiff Devils on Friday night.
Great Britain's women's K1 200m canoeing team have qualified for the Rio Olympics with a fifth-place finish in their final at the European Championships in Milan.
Three people have been seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers in Birmingham.
A man has been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Australia's Border Force says seven asylum seekers who allegedly participated in unrest at its Christmas Island detention centre are on a charter flight.
Meat inspectors in the UK will have to rely on visual checks to check for diseased parts of animals, under new rules.
Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Aleksandar Dasilva on a season-long loan deal.
A mother and daughter have been found guilty of neglect after a teenager suffered a heart attack during a swimming lesson.
At least eight people have been killed in a building collapse in the centre of Naples.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United defender David Sweeney on a two-year deal.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been quizzed by pupils at a school in Liverpool about his experiences in space.
A man who attacked his five-month-old son in a "cowardly" attack has been jailed.
Nancie Atwell, a US teacher who has been working with blind children in Cambodia since the 1990s, has been named as the winner of a top international education prize.
The "Northern Powerhouse" should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to help it work better with the north of England, the leader of the Wales Office has said.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Gary Jones on a two-year deal after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club.
Adele has won the best album award at the Grammys, beating Beyonce to the accolade.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat West Brom.
Scotland will become the first country in the UK to have a divisional patent court, the UK government has announced.
A dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globe Awards has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles.
Radiohead have recorded the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Michael Jackson scored the only goal of the game as Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup.
Police officers in England and Wales are being paid an average of £45,000 a year for overtime, figures show.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of medieval defences at Edinburgh Castle.
A Canadian ice cream company has stepped in to save a rural school from closure.
An environmental permit has been revoked for a recycling firm after a fire at a recycling centre in Manchester.
The man who built the iPod and the iPhone is about to go head-to-head with Google's former chief executive, Sir Jonathan Sir Jonathan.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini as the next Fifa president.
Shrewsbury extended their unbeaten run to five games as they came from behind to beat Gillingham.
Plans for Scotland's first purpose-built golf and tennis centre have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs.
Ed Miliband has always been a man of few words.
A Russian fighter jet has made a low-altitude pass over a US aircraft in the Arctic, US officials say.
Snapchat has said it has seen more than two billion views a day of video posted on its platform.
Mobile phone firm Three has apologised after some users complained of being sent random numbers instead of their contacts.
An all-girls school in Sydney has banned students from clapping during a school assembly.
A "legendary figure" in Welsh politics has been chosen as Wales' four MEPs after Brexit, a study has suggested.
When Bruno Di Matteo was diagnosed with depression at the age of 24, his name was changed to "Sad Bruno in Mental Home".
Welsh taekwondo star Katie Williams says she is relishing the pressure of competing at the European Championships.
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must defend his WBA heavyweight title against Mexico's David Ortiz on 11 November.
Members of Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) staff have been barred from entering the headquarters of the football federation in Abuja.
A rare bird of prey seen in Northern Ireland has been added to a list of British Birds of Conservation Concern 4.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta and Slovenia.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for his novel The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in central London.
England's Daniel Levy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the German Open at Bad Griesbach.
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in a "green-on-blue" insider attack, the US-led coalition says.
Gregor Townsend says Scotland's Pro12 play-off semi-final against Edinburgh on Saturday is crucial in finalising his squad.
Port Vale manager Paul Smurthwaite says he expects to be offered a new contract by Championship clubs in the coming weeks.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in Colombia, officials say.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector has contracted for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Armando Izzo's own goal was enough to give Roma victory over Genoa in Serie A.
Victims of World War II's "worst journey on earth" have been presented with medals by the Russian embassy in London.
Three men have been charged with attempted murder after an explosive device was found in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Hollywood actress Jamie Foxx has topped the UK album chart with her new single, Encore.
Human remains found on a slip road in West Sussex are being treated as suspicious, police have said.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen sharply, the health ministry says.
To some it may seem strange to cancel free school meals in the first three years of primary school.
The UK's construction sector shrank by 0.1% in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen has been accused of being "seriously, seriously undermined" by Chinese officials during President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK.
Dean Keates has been appointed Wrexham's new manager on a two-year deal.
A man has been jailed for six months after being caught with more than half a kilo of cannabis.
How do you cut down trees to reduce air pollution?
Jazz fans in the US have been reacting to the news that a 13-year-old boy has been nominated for the Grammy award.
A 52-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has called on the German government to recognise its responsibilities over the Thalidomide drug scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has made some startling new discoveries about Comet 67P.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will withdraw support for Hillary Clinton after a video emerged of him saying "grab them by the pussy".
A South African woman has appeared in court accused of attempting to cover up the murder of Oscar Pistorius.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Andyomic says he is "disrespectful" to the sport after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round.
Barcelona have been ordered to pay 5.5m euros ($6.1m; Â£4.7m) to settle a tax fraud case.
Fidel Castro, the son of the late Cuban leader Raul Castro, has died at the age of 93.
A 14-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked by four men in Blackburn.
A book about the effects of autism on the brain has won the Samuel Johnson Prize for fiction.
Alex Danson has been named in Great Britain's squad for the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam after recovering from injury.
A man has been arrested over a series of fires in Wiltshire which police believe were deliberately set alight.
The deputy first minister has revealed that his mother found a black beret in her home in County Londonderry in 1972.
The number of people in Northern Ireland who have travelled to the Republic of Ireland in the last 24 hours has risen sharply.
A County Tyrone man has been jailed for six years for causing the death of his wife by careless driving.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, the boy whose body was washed up on the Greek island of Kos.
South Africa scrum-half Robin van Rooyen says the Pro12 will be a "huge door to be opened" for Springboks players.
Israel committed war crimes and crimes against humanity during the 2014 Gaza conflict, the Israeli military has said in a new report.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Euro 2016 finals were dealt a blow on Friday night.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says his WBA world light-heavyweight title defence against Martin Braehmer will be his "last fight".
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill has been accepted by the UK government in Lieu.
It is Saturday morning in Manchester and the city is still reeling from the terror attack at the Arena.
A woman has been attacked with a crowbar during a robbery in west Belfast.
When Tinie Tempah arrives at his new home in Peckham, south London, he's greeted by a mix of familiar faces.
Aquascutum, one of the UK's most famous brands, is set to be sold.
Hundreds of people have queued up at an ATM in North Lanarkshire to withdraw money.
A building at the University of Aberdeen is to be closed while experts carry out remedial works after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
More than 7,000 new doctor training places are to be offered to students from disadvantaged backgrounds in England.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points with victory at Bath.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed West Bromwich Albion's Sam Kashket and Southampton's Jordan Gape for undisclosed fees.
The return of a manager to the English Football League is one of the most significant moments in the club's history.
A woman has described how she was "lovebombed" by a man who asked her for €3,750 in an online scam.
Japan's Supreme Court has ruled that women should be able to take their husbands' surname after marriage.
Ospreys fly-half Rhys Owens says they will be back in that winning groove next week after a run of three straight wins.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Chris Read says his side's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup final this season are high after reaching the quarter-finals.
The Strictly Come Dancing finalist has said he is "grateful" for the support of his fans after he revealed he was suffering from depression.
As Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney prepares to announce his presidential running mate, here are some of the key names he will need to consider.
The number of hectares of opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has increased by more than a third in the past year, UN figures show.
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents can take their children on holiday during a school term.
A woman who was jailed for inciting prostitution in the 1990s has said she had no involvement with former PM Sir Edward Heath.
In the past, men who had sex with another man have been banned from donating blood.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece's government says it will hold a referendum on the terms of its bailout on 5 July.
It's been three years since England won the Ashes.
Worcestershire and Lancashire both won their One-Day Cup Group matches on day one after rain forced play to be abandoned.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Gareth Davies says plans to reduce the Six Nations to six weeks are "incompatible with players' health".
A body has been recovered during a search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and pharmacists could be used to help deal with doctor shortages in the NHS in England, a think tank has said.
More than 3,000 civilians and more than 40 wounded have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
At least 140 Libyan soldiers have been killed in an attack on an airbase in the east of the country, the UN says.
How much would you have to pay back if you were to start paying back your tuition fees?
Labour's shadow education secretary Helen Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet.
England will play Scotland in a two-legged play-off at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are at a "low point".
It's been a year since Cheshire became the first county in England to take on devolved powers.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in Belfast.
Somalia's military has said it is "frustrated" that its troops have not been paid a stipend worth more than $1m (Â£700).
A 15-year-old girl and a man have been arrested in Sydney, Australia, as part of a major anti-terrorism operation.
A 3D printer has been developed for the first time in the US.
Dog patrols on beaches in the US have been shown to reduce the risk of E. coli contamination.
A bird of prey has been shot in the head in Bedfordshire.
Jeremy Corbyn is facing an uphill battle to become the next leader of the Labour Party.
Police have been given extra powers to stop and search during the Champions League final in Cardiff on Saturday.
A Cambodian environmental campaigner who spent more than two decades investigating the country's forests has won the Goldman Environmental Prize.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City and move into second place in the Premier League.
The world's poorest countries are the hardest place to be a girl, according to a new report by Save the Children.
England international Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One club Sunderland.
William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has been found guilty of having sex with a schoolgirl.
A Manchester man has won the world record for the heaviest pumpkin.
McLaren chief executive Jean-Claude Boullier says his team are "fighting for the podium" in the Formula 1 world championship.
David Cameron has said his government would double the amount of free childcare for three and four year-olds in England.
The Plaid Cymru leader has said she would like to see income tax up for higher earners in Wales, once powers are devolved.
Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Watson will be out for up to six months with a leg injury.
There was a crowd of 500 people lining the streets of Chelmsford for the Labour leadership contest.
Munster have been cleared of breaching European Cup rules by allowing Conor Murray to play on after a head injury in their win over Glasgow.
MSPs are to examine the payment of returning officers to Scottish councils.
Police investigating the death of a 53-year-old man in Stevenson are appealing for witnesses.
Sarah Sen is a big fan of cashback websites.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's transfer activity this summer.
The Environment Minister has been accused of breaching a ministerial code by unilaterally approving a controversial plan for retail development in Belfast.
Gloucestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are to seek a committee agreement to publish a flood protection scheme.
Farmers in England are being urged to take "simple and practical ways" to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis.
A woman has completed her final attempt to run the London Marathon.
Labour has accused the government of "political football of the worst kind" over the future of a North West Northamptonshire by-election.
Michael Johnston has announced his retirement from all active duties at Kilmarnock following the death of his wife Joanne.
More than 100 men from around the country have attended a conference in Sheffield to discuss the issue of domestic violence (GBH) in the UK.
Everton's young players made a winning start to their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over Krasnodar.
Jockey James Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a vertebrae fracture in his back.
Millions of people across Scotland are watching the UK general election.
Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare says he would love to stay at the club for the long term.
The SDLP has called for an urgent inquiry into the number of unaccompanied children who have gone missing in Northern Ireland.
Belgium has declared a state of emergency in the capital, Brussels, in the wake of the Paris attacks.
Motorists faced delays on the M1 in Birmingham after a passenger plane was forced to land on the motorway.
The US version of Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Mark Haldane, has said that the economy is "losing speed on the runway".
Leicestershire Speedway have reached a deal to keep the team in the UK for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty has risen for the first time in more than a decade, according to a government report.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 19th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
More than 1,000 Pakistani girls have been sexually abused in Rotherham, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce says it will be "not that easy" for England to win Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Birmingham railway station.
The UK will continue to oppose any duplication of the EU's military, the defence secretary has said.
The bodies of five people killed in a helicopter crash in north Wales have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour is the new leader of the Afghan Taliban.
A cycle hire scheme has returned to Oxfordshire.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to set up an unarmed monitoring mission.
A US appeals court has ruled that an uncredited sample of Madonna's Vogue song could be stolen.
Plans to build a new road linking Swansea and Newport have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
King George's piano has been restored to its rightful home at Brighton's Royal Pavilion.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter of the year, official figures show.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its Android smartphone.
A replica of the cane used by Oscar-winning director David Attenborough is expected to fetch up to £10,000 at auction.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been ordered to apologise by a judge.
Labour would introduce a legal right to work on zero-hours contracts in its first year of government, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison's decision to sell his 76% shareholding in Motherwell to a local business has paved the way for the club's future.
Police investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl more than a decade ago have renewed their appeal for information.
Regulated rail fares in England and Wales have risen by 0.5% in the year to July, according to the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RDG).
The NHS in England has become the first in the UK to offer specialist treatment to veterans with complex trauma injuries, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University has commissioned a series of portraits of people who have been painted or photographed in its public spaces.
Derbyshire head coach Danny Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast next season despite their shock exit from the group stage.
England football manager Mark Sampson says he is "disappointed" that his team will not be able to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Critics' Society awards for the second year in a row.
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award at the Welsh Book Awards in Blaenclydach.
Duckett and Bell-Drummond are "very capable" of playing international cricket, says former British and Irish Lions coach David Flower.
I am an avid collector of matchbox labels.
Olympic athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, according to the British Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is no reason why the Bahrain Grand Prix should be cancelled.
Michelle Dockery and West are to star together in a new production of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Arsenal midfielder Tarek Hamed has been left out of Egypt's 23-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations.
A new stage has been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in County Fermanagh.
A gas explosion which killed a man was "almost like an airstrike", an inquest has heard.
A baker has made a special Harry Potter cake to celebrate JK Rowling's 90th birthday.
At least one person has been killed in a looting of shops in the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, officials say.
A lettings agency in south London is claiming more than £11,000 in housing benefit, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
Scotland will need to be "smarter and clever" if they are to beat France at Twickenham on Saturday, says head coach Rory Laidlaw.
As Australia prepares to become the first country in the world to allow same-sex couples to marry, business leaders are urging the government to consider the economic benefits.
South Korean opposition lawmakers have broken a world record by speaking for 57 hours in a marathon parliamentary session.
It's the biggest sporting event in the world, the Euro 2016 finals in London.
The Royal Mint has issued a commemorative coin to celebrate the birth of a baby.
Japan and South Korea have held their first diplomatic talks in more than a decade, amid a row over disputed islands in the Pacific.
England midfielder Michael Carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says Roy Hodgson.
The inquest into the death of murdered schoolgirl Alice Gross will examine whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the world's most powerful Islamist groups.
An SNP MP has reclaimed a bashful bunny by the gates of the Palace of Westminster for the first time since it went missing.
A US judge has ordered a Russian woman to unlock her iPhone by putting her fingerprint on a biometric reader.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila believes his side still have a chance of reaching the Europa League quarter-finals.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
WBA world featherweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexican Lucas Rosas on Saturday.
Mark Carney's decision to extend his term as governor of the Bank of England appears to have been a very personal one.
The end-of-life care system for dying patients in Liverpool should be scrapped, a review has recommended.
Four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a homeless man in his own home.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty in the US of stealing more than 3m credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in a "shocking and completely senseless attack", the RSPCA has said.
One of New Zealand's longest-living wild pelicans, Lanky, has died at the age of 90.
Boys have overtaken girls in the top A-level grades for the first time in England, official results show.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated against measles after a number of cases were confirmed.
Macedonia's President Aleksandar Ivanov has said he will "cut a knot" in the country's political scandal.
A replica of the original dispatch from the Battle of Waterloo has been delivered to the Princess Royal to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle.
Russia was likely to have been involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, the inquiry into his death has heard.
More than 1.4 million more children are now in "good" or "outstanding" schools in England, Philip Hammond has said in his Autumn Statement.
The practice of identifying children who qualify for free school meals has to stop, an AM has said.
A new approach to fighting HIV has been shown to be safe and effective in humans, say scientists.
Seven police officers are to be questioned over the "serious hand injuries" suffered by a prisoner in custody.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's most promising emerging economies.
Dover Athletic have been allowed to sign former Barnet and Eastleigh player N'Gala on a two-year deal.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley said he was "grateful" for Kane Hemmings' 25th goal of the season.
The Royal British Legion is urging people to "rethink" their remembrance of those who have served in the armed forces.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow reached the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup with victory over Montrose.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US box office in its first five days of release, beating Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Tony Award-winning composer Andrew Lloyd Webber has said he has never felt more excited about musicals than he has in the UK.
A pair of students are to present their idea for an app that would alert people to the dangers posed by natural disasters.
Glamorgan's David Miller and Jacques Rudolph both hit half-centuries as they beat Gloucestershire by six wickets in the T20 Blast.
The world was a scary place in 2015.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Bridgend county.
French police have arrested two men suspected of carrying out a deadly attack on a satirical magazine on Wednesday.
The Duke of Edinburgh is to announce his retirement from the Royal Family in August.
Plans to demolish two blocks of flats in Wrexham have been approved by residents.
A man was shot in the leg by a gunman with a stocking over his head during a burglary, a court has heard.
It's been a week since Taylor Swift announced she was quitting music streaming service Spotify.
Jenson Button says he is "worried" about the safety of the new Formula 1 track at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has staged an impromptu protest in protest against the police's handling of an alleged prostitution ring.
Police have said they have had a "successful year" in dismantling organised crime in Scotland.
Tickets for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out in less than 24 hours.
Former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has said he would probably race again in 2015 if he had to.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side are in a "fantastic position" to reach the knockout stages of Euro 2016.
Martin McGuinness is one of the world's fastest motorcyclists.
Sussex batsman Tom Wells believes he is in a good position to challenge for the County Championship title.
A village council has said it may have to move a 1,000-year-old rock after it was allegedly hit by a motorist.
A woman who raised more than £330,000 for disabled pensioner David Barnes has been charged with attempted robbery.
Royal Bank of Scotland has said it will set aside £3.1bn to settle claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A rare painting of a Welsh nobleman has been bought by the National Trust for £2.1m.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if the Welsh government cuts funding, councils have warned.
A South African judge has told the High Court in Johannesburg that it is time for the courts to rest.
Turkish authorities have lifted a ban on women wearing headscarves in state institutions.
Five UK universities have been awarded master's degrees in cyber security by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man who beat his mother to death in a "vile murder" has been jailed for eight years.
Violent clashes have broken out in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, in the latest escalation in the conflict over Syria.
The family of a man who lost his teeth after being assaulted at a residential hospital in Gloucestershire have said they are shocked by allegations of abuse.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
Former Canadian defenceman Gordie Howe has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
The UK government's international development agency has spent more than £5,000 on travel costs since 2011, the National Audit Office has said.
A man who spent more than 50 years in prison after being wrongly convicted of a robbery has said he will continue fighting to his death for compensation.
Labour has said it will "cut off his nose" if the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections are held on the same day as the EU referendum.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1.
Jules Bianchi's father has said he believes the Formula 1 driver is "dead" after suffering a head injury in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
Legal services firm Axiom is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast as part of a £1.5m investment by Invest NI.
A man who made a series of 999 calls using a cordless telephone has been traced by police.
Northern Ireland's David Farmer won his first MotoGP race of the season at the Knockhill round of the British Superbike Championship.
UK retail sales fell for the first time in three years in May, according to official figures.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the British Commonwealth, the Foreign Office has said, amid criticism of its human rights record.
A social worker who failed to check on mentally ill men in her care has been found guilty of misconduct.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has rejected calls for the UK to begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will require police agencies to obtain a warrant to search mobile phones in urban areas.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has cancelled a planned visit by Cuban President Raul Castro to the country.
The family of a dog that was removed from its home in County Antrim have been granted an exemption from prosecution.
Everton are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of England defender John Stones for an undisclosed fee.
High winds and heavy rain have caused power cuts and disruption in parts of the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south London.
Two men have been killed in a crash involving two cars.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United.
A new penalty shootout system is to be introduced in the Europa League next season.
A woman who has been collecting poppies for the Royal British Legion for 12 years has died.
A woman has told an inquest how she was sexually assaulted by the killer of County Donegal teenager Arlene Arkinson.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he is "forced to accept" new austerity measures after parliament approved a €7bn (£5bn) bailout deal.
Millions of people across the UK are voting in the general election on 8 June.
Yorkshire say they would be interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A Henry Moore sculpture, which was controversially sold to Tower Hamlets Council for Â£7,400, is to be placed in London's Canary Wharf.
A County Londonderry man accused of driving without insurance and without a qualified driver has asked a judge to postpone his sentencing.
A contestant on the Miss Universe pageant has said healthcare is a "privilege" and not a right, after being asked whether it was a privilege or a right.
YouTube is one of the most popular websites in the world but it can be hard to get noticed.
China's first trial space station will not burn up during its fall, according to a Chinese official.
Chicken is one of the most sought-after delicacies in Africa.
David Cameron has been told his father Ian has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke.
Syrian government forces have begun evacuating rebel-held al-Wair district in the central city of Homs.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says there is no reason why the club can't improve.
A statue of baseball legend Dickie Bird has been raised to make it easier for people to remove items from it.
Retail bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "catastrophic for millions of ordinary families".
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United's squad for the start of the new season.
The Samba school in Rio de Janeiro has won the city's annual carnival title.
Wales is "paying the price" for not doing enough to meet its renewable energy targets, a leading energy expert has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time since 2001, according to supermarket prices.
Larne club's Katie O'Connell won the women's 100m at the European Indoor Championships in Finland.
All young people should register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales could have a new right to challenge decisions by prosecutors, under Labour Party plans.
For more than 20 years, David Chase has been a potato trader.
Syria says it has intercepted two shipments of banned chemical weapons destined for shipment to the country's coast.
A six-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira and opener Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries on day three against Derbyshire at Edgbaston.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes has been described as a "one-time flushing" of cash out of the system.
Oxford maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over 10-man Bradford.
Plans for a 1,000-home development in a Yorkshire village have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be neutral when his side face Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Tom Hiddleston has denied reports that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The Lord Chief Justice has said the British government has a legal obligation to act as quickly as possible on the legacy of the past.
Nottinghamshire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Surrey.
The last two journalists working in Fleet Street are to leave their jobs at the end of the week.
A surgery in New Zealand which was rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog has been given a further three months to improve.
At Singapore University (SMU) in Singapore, a group of students are taking part in a lecture.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable win over Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood missed the cut at the US Open.
A new mental health academy is being set up in West Berkshire to help reduce the number of patients waiting for help.
A new air ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a British woman jailed in Iran has said he is "frightened" by the outcome of her appeal against her sentence.
Lee Westwood says he is relishing the prospect of playing at Royal Troon for the first time since 2004.
Arsenal Ladies defender Alex Smith has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton has had its funding withdrawn from the Olympic and Paralympic programme by UK Sport.
The first of the gentoo penguin eggs have been laid at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in County Londonderry.
A German man has been fined for causing the death of a motorcyclist by careless driving in Conwy county.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Blackpool have signed striker Tom Allsop on a season-long loan from Premier League side West Bromwich Albion and striker Jordan Cooke on loan until January.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
More than 60,000 people have attended events to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man is hoping to break the world record for the largest egg.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire surgery has been jailed for five years.
Former Charlton Athletic boss Jose Ribeiro has been appointed as the club's new head coach.
Jamie Hardie is sitting in a dark alleyway in the back garden of Lockhart's home in New Zealand.
Indonesian social media users have been using the hashtag #PrayforJakarta to express their sympathy for the city hit by bomb attacks.
A Lanarkshire-based engineering firm has announced it is creating 100 new jobs at its Kilrea site.
A tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana-infused resort.
Conor McGregor says he is "not prepared to fight in the deepest of trenches" after lighter gloves were given the go-ahead for his Las Vegas fight against Floyd Mayweather on Saturday.
Plans to build 500 homes on an allotment in Surrey have been rejected by a council.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.
Broadcaster Bay TV has been put up for sale, the BBC understands.
Tributes have been paid to former Togo coach Big Boss Keshi, who has died after a short illness.
Two off-duty police officers have been arrested after a woman was robbed in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in Salford, police have said.
A Russian airliner that crashed in Egypt on Monday killing all 224 people on board was a terrorist attack, Egyptian officials say.
Real Madrid have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A bug in a bear that communicates with the web could have been exploited by hackers, say security researchers.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty of rape as a war crime by the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Malala Yousafzai's life has been a struggle for her since she was a child in Pakistan.
Chelsea have celebrated their Premier League title with a parade.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the world championship.
It is one of the most high-profile legal battles in British history.
Seachill, one of the UK's biggest food companies, is reviewing its pay arrangements in the wake of the introduction of the national living wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been arrested at an unauthorised rally in the capital, Moscow, activists say.
Banking giant Hays has said it is "too early to tell" whether the UK's vote to leave the European Union will have an impact on its business.
Samsung has become the first company to allow ad-blockers to be installed on its mobile operating system.
US consumer sentiment has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who carried out a "prolonged, sadistic" sex attack on two boys have been given lifelong anonymity.
Four people have been arrested as part of a police crackdown on domestic abuse during England's Euro 2016 match against Russia.
Workers in Wales could save up to £1,000 a year by using healthier modes of transport, a charity has said.
Five men have been charged in connection with a series of raids in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he is not concerned about Jacob Butterfield and Jonas Olsson's fitness ahead of the new Premier League season.
Kyle Edmund will lead Great Britain into the Davis Cup quarter-finals in Rhode Island on Friday.
Wigan Warriors captain Tomkins says he would never want to return to the Super League club.
Wigan Warriors extended their lead at the top of Super League to seven points with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation in her role as a councillor has said she has been "encouraged hope and confidence" in her future.
Scientists have revealed the "Michelangelo effect" behind some of the world's most famous sandstone landscapes.
The Met Office has issued the first high wind warning of the season for parts of northern and western Scotland.
Using whole brain radiotherapy to treat secondary brain tumours is not as effective as other treatments, a study in the Lancet suggests.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for 2016-17.
Josh Taylor says he is ready to defend his WBA world title against Ricky Burns in Edinburgh next week.
Aberdeen have signed Scotland international Stevie May on a four-year deal.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes between security forces and Shia protesters in Saudi Arabia's eastern province of Qatif, activists say.
Turkey has launched a fresh offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she never shied away from taking responsibility for the party's loss of 40 MPs in May.
A woman has solved a mystery by finding a golden shell hidden in a velvet bag in a Lincolnshire art centre.
The body of a soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks should be exhumed, a coroner has ruled.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of missing schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A new search and rescue helicopter service has been launched at a former RAF base in Gwynedd.
Sport Ireland chief executive Peter Treacy says a row over the selection of the Irish team for next month's European Championships is a "symptom" of a "deeply divided" organisation.
The daughter of British aid worker John Haines, who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS), has called for the group to be eradicated.
Mark Trott hit a career-best century as Warwickshire beat Essex by eight wickets to reach the One-Day Cup final.
Haiti's Senate has voted in favour of the provisional president, Michel Privert, for a second time in less than a year.
The data recorder of the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered, an Egyptian investigation committee has said.
Extremism is spreading, threatening and taking lives, the UK's prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the government in its fight against discrimination in employment cases.
Iranian football goalkeeper Sosha Makani has been banned from all social media platforms for six months.
Lindsey Vonn became the first American woman to win a World Cup downhill race with victory in Austria on Saturday.
Safety advice has been issued after two hoverboards caught fire in London in October.
England, Ireland and Scotland will face each other in the first round of matches at the 2014 World Twenty20 in India.
Tottenham will host Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley next month.
A hotelier has been fined after falling from a balcony while on holiday.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary, says vocational education in England is a "fundamental issue" that needs to be tackled.
A Derbyshire swimming pool has been saved from closure.
The family of a man who murdered a Belfast pensioner nine years ago have said they have been "completely let down" by the justice system.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits producer, has reported a fall in sales for the first half of the financial year.
More than 2,500 people have signed a petition calling for the return of the Chagos Islands to the US.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to be cast alongside Matt Damon in the drama The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
Sri Lankan naval forces have freed the crew of a tanker seized by pirates off the coast of Somalia, officials say.
A young girl has been fostered by a Muslim family in east London.
The brother of a man killed in a fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry has said it shows "total disrespect" for the victims.
Traffic restrictions on a busy street are to be reintroduced in a bid to cut congestion.
BMW has reported a rise in profits for the first three months of the year, helped by the sale of its stake in mapping technology firm Here.
Being optimistic about the future is linked to lower death risk, a study suggests.
Dundee Airport has announced it will begin flying non-stop between Scotland and the UK from next month.
A man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at a Florida airport has been charged with murder.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in nearly nine years in the fourth quarter, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have discovered the world's largest groundwater reserves in sub-Saharan Africa.
Charlton moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over fellow strugglers Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 internationals Sam Rae and Ravi Bhatti from Pro12 rivals Edinburgh.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa with a hamstring injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales.
Wimbledon is the oldest major tennis tournament in the world.
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Lanarkshire.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are the most likely UK cities to suffer from the impact of Brexit, according to a study.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in southern Italy after a huge wildfire broke out.
The first woman bishop has been appointed to the Diocese of Gloucester.
Alassane Ouattara has been president of Ivorian since 2010.
"Technology is transforming the way we organise events," says Eventbrite chief executive Amit Aggarwal.
Ospreys moved to within a point of the Pro12 play-off places with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingsley Jones' Stadium.
When I heard that Zica, the name of a car, was going to be used in India, I had no idea what to make of it.
General Motors has said it will stop making cars in India and take a charge of $500m (Â£500m) in the second quarter.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Hibernian midfielder Ryan Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Ken Zohore for any player in the Championship this season.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier who was found unconscious outside a bar in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, Camilla, have bought a box of mangoes at a market in south-east London.
At least 416 whales have been stranded on a beach in New Zealand, officials say.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans not to boo his side as they prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Three British teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of travelling to Syria have been released without charge.
Two police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog for reducing crime.
Ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts in Birmingham to take over some of the schools caught up in claims of extremism, the BBC understands.
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco international striker Alassane Belhanda on a two-year deal.
A man who was found guilty of threatening to blow Robin Hood Airport "sky high" has launched an appeal against his conviction.
Does it really matter if you have no boss?
A pilot was forced to make an emergency landing at a Birmingham airport after smoke started seeping into the cabin, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the first day-night Twenty20 series against South Africa.
A Dundee hospital has apologised after some patients had to wait more than a year for eye surgery due to technical problems.
German prosecutors have gone on trial accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum-seeker shelters and housing projects in Dresden.
All political parties in Wales have to reflect on the impact of EU funding after the UK voted to leave the EU, the Welsh secretary has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, who carried out the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103, has died at the age of 83.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq.
Flooding has hit parts of the UK, with thousands of people unable to get out of their homes.
TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to 31 March, compared with the same period a year earlier.
Heineken has been told by the UK's competition watchdog to submit plans for its takeover of Punch pubs.
A new technology centre is to be set up in Aberdeen to help oil and gas operators develop new technology.
Sunderland striker Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply" of drugs in Northern Ireland have been jailed following the death of a third man.
Schools in England are being asked to set up web pages in the run-up to the BBC's School Report News Day.
An Iron Age hill fort in the Vale of Glamorgan may have been a stronghold of the Silurian tribe until the 5th Century BC, according to archaeologists.
A gun has been fired at a police car in Londonderry.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets to protest against the closure of Kids Company, the UK's oldest children's charity.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of "blasé" over a £6m subsidy for a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children could face poverty as a result of government changes to benefits, say campaigners.
Scotland's skills system needs to be overhauled in order to compete with the rest of the UK, according to a new report.
A former al-Qaeda operative has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for his role in the 1998 embassy bombings.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage winger Kadeem Harris from Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The UK government's decision to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset is a major blow to the relationship between the two countries.
Tributes have been paid to a Glamorgan cricketer who died following a short illness.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has been killed in a US drone strike in Libya.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City midfielder Ben Davies on a season-long loan deal.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Doncaster came from behind to beat Chippenham Town.
John Collymore has withdrawn his interest in becoming Nottingham Forest's new chief executive.
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch for their Super League match against Warrington Wolves on Saturday.
Plans for a £100m redevelopment of Keynsham town centre are being considered by a council.
Connacht have signed New Zealand prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a charity out of thousands of pounds.
Too many offenders are being turned away from unpaid work by the courts in England and Wales, a report has found.
Tommy Seymour will captain the British and Irish Lions in the first Test against the Hurricanes on Tuesday.
Adele's new single Hello has become the most downloaded song of the year in the UK.
Police searching for a missing man in Aberdeenshire have said they have carried out "exhaustive and challenging" searches.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pay for Durham's teaching assistants have broken down.
Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said she has received "hundreds" of supportive messages from people in England and Wales in the run-up to the general election.
The melting of the Arctic sea ice is set to continue for at least another week, according to scientists at the Norwegian Polar Institute.
A man who married a clerk at a Derbyshire office has said he has been subjected to death threats and abuse since he came out as gay.
Cornwall moved into the County Championship final with a bonus-point win over Surrey.
A virtual reality version of the Alice in Wonderland story has been launched in Conwy to celebrate the town's 150th anniversary.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils have accused the government of a "sham" over plans to widen the M4 in Worthing.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and his Uefa counterpart Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years.
Archaeologists have discovered a huge square of megaliths in a stone circle in Somerset.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Cardiff Devils head coach Rob Bowns says his side are the best team in the Elite League.
A boy who developed a rare form of epilepsy after being vaccinated against the 2009-10 flu has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police are investigating reports of people dressing as clowns in Carmarthenshire.
A former dissident republican who was jailed for murder in 1977 has lost a legal bid to retrieve tapes of interviews he gave on the Boston College project.
Cardiff City striker Ezequiel Ecuele Manga has been ruled out of the rest of the season with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers scored two first-half goals to beat Cambridge United in the EFL Cup first round.
It's been a tough few years for UKIP MEP David Gill.
A motorcyclist who died in a crash on the A9 near Strachan has been named by police.
Bees could be driven closer to extinction if the UK's wet weather continues, a charity has warned.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to take military action in Syria has come as a shock to many.
At least eight people have been wounded in a shooting at a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, police say.
Sony has pulled out of selling its Reader range of e-readers in the US and Europe.
Israel has announced plans to remove metal detectors from its embassy compound in Jerusalem, in the wake of the killing of two Israeli policemen last month.
A summit aimed at improving the resilience of Wales to flooding has been held in Cardiff.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams who can challenge for the Premier League title this season.
A police dog has been put to sleep after being attacked by a dog handler.
An artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot called Eugene has passed the Turing Test for the first time, organisers say.
Six Scottish swimmers have been selected for the Rio Olympics.
Olympic judo champion Mohammed El Shehaby has withdrawn from the men's middleweight bout after being booed by the crowd at Rio 2016.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the world's fastest growing economies and one of Africa's fastest-growing democracies.
Scientists in Japan have developed a way to detect a protein inside the brain that is linked to Alzheimer's disease.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she is "happy to be here" and believes she can win the WTA singles title at Wimbledon.
The roll-out of the UK's smart meter programme has been delayed for another 18 months.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has rejected a motion calling for a reduction in parking fines to £45.
A Conservative activist has told the BBC he was told about allegations of bullying in the party's youth wing before the 2010 general election.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Holyhead.
St Ronan's Magherafelt and St Paul's Bessbrook have been knocked out of the All-Ireland Football semi-finals after a goalless draw at the Dub.
Two high-resolution Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A schoolboy from a poor village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has passed his secondary school exams.
Marine accident investigators have called for a review of lifejacket testing following the deaths of three fishermen.
More than 1,000 ancient sites have been discovered in Egypt using satellite imagery, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in Greater Manchester.
The final episode of BBC One's romantic comedy show Bridesmaids has been watched by a record number of viewers.
Apple showed off its new $10,000 Apple Watch at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on Monday.
A Scottish sea salt company has been bought by supermarket chain Sainsbury's in a deal that will see it become the first company in the UK to sell its products in supermarkets.
Councils in England and Wales have been inundated with "slightly amusing" customer service queries in the past year, says the Local Government Association.
A painting of the coronation of Charles I has been on display in Durham for more than a century.
Plans for a McDonald's restaurant in East Lothian have been given the go-ahead by the planning inspector.
Mental health patients detained in police custody for "unacceptable hours and even days" are being sent to A&E, a hospital has said.
Tiger Woods says he is "like a five-year-old" as he prepares to return to competitive golf for the first time in 10 years.
It will be one of the biggest sporting events of the year in Cardiff.
Take-Two, the owner of the NBA video game series, has announced it is to create an e-sports league in the US.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire.
It has been a remarkable 12 months for a man.
Striker Scott Sinclair has signed a new two-year contract with Aston Villa.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Tour de France for the third time with victory in the seventh stage.
Elvis Presley's former road manager John Esposito has died at the age of 83.
(Close): Shares in Easyjet and Madame Tussuad were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday.
One of the last remaining flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing at an airport after an engine fault.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to official figures.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title is a "tragedy".
If you want to see your favourite band or singer perform in your town, you might want to consider paying more.
Microsoft has announced a complete compendium of its Halo video games for the Xbox One.
Tributes have been paid to the musicians who died at the weekend following a short illness.
Home Secretary Theresa May should consider banning two prominent anti-Islam speakers from entering the UK, a committee of MPs has said.
US President Barack Obama has urged Democrats to "send some signals of unity" in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train crash in the Himalayas, Indian police say.
Glamorgan have announced a new schedule for their T20 Blast matches in 2017.
A woman has been charged with drink driving after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
A police officer has described the "horrific carnage" that followed the deaths of two students at a nightclub.
A woman and her child have been raped in a "very traumatic ordeal", police have said.
Former world number one Mark Carter says he is "a million miles away" from competing at the top level after being beaten by Michael Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
A woman with brain cancer who was forced to postpone her wedding after being diagnosed with the disease has died.
(Close): US markets closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates unchanged.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the grounds of a stadium in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro ahead of a football match.
Cardiff City missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised after making a reference to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested in Peru after posing naked at the famous Machu Picchu citadel.
At least six people have been killed and dozens injured in explosions in the Chinese city of Tianjin, officials say.
More than 4,600 teachers in England are working alongside unqualified staff, according to a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been knocked to the ground in a "horrific" attack in Edinburgh city centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the Labour Party into the next general election.
The genetic make-up of Europe has been revealed for the first time.
The owner of a boutique which has been linked to the so-called Islamic State group in Syria has said she is considering changing its name.
Police Scotland have been contacted by another former pupil about claims of historical abuse at Gordonstoun School in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said his party will commit to a "clear plan" for a fully integrated railway in public ownership.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was abducted and raped by a teacher in France has spoken of her "nightmare".
Borussia Dortmund have signed France Under-19 midfielder Yannick Bolasie from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in June, according to official figures.
Nigeria coach Isaac Oliseh says he is "very pleased" with the progress his side have made in the Dutch league.
All pictures are copyrighted. All pictures subject to copyright.
One of the world's longest aircraft has left its home airfield for the first time in more than 50 years.
A couple from Wiltshire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
Ice balls have been discovered in the Arctic Ocean.
Channel Island football club Guernsey have been told they must pay £10,000 to play in the FA Cup.
Marvel Comics legend Stan Lee is to make his first film in 20 years.
A cyber security conference is being held in Denbighshire.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
Athletes at the World Championships in Qatar have been asked if they have taken banned drugs, according to a study by researchers at Harvard University.
England all-rounder James Vince says playing in the T20 Blast will be "an ideal" opportunity to help his side win the World Cup.
A Scottish folk singer has found the grave of his great great grandfather in one of the country's largest cemeteries.
Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been painted green for the first time in more than 40 years.
Saracens scrum-half Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Avengers: Age of Ultron will be the new villain at this year's Comic-Con in Las Vegas, according to film director JBWhedon.
Every morning at Moco-Moco, the clock ticks down.
A snake thought to be one of the deadliest snakes in the world has been euthanised by the Scottish SPCA.
A convicted child sex offender who travelled to the US to have sex with two young brothers has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
If you're a fan of wrestling in China, you might want to make sure you know where to find it.
Police in the US city of San Antonio are investigating the deaths of at least 20 people who were locked inside a trailer outside a Walmart store.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head while trying to restrain a man at a house in Londonderry has been awarded a bravery medal.
The maker of Irn Bru, Funkin and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in sales, helped by rising prices.
A black man has been shot dead by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, hours after the killing of a black teenager by a white officer.
Madonna's been busy promoting her new album, Rebel Heart.
Matt Grigg's injury-time goal earned League One leaders Wigan a point against League Two leaders Colchester.
Charli XCX has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.
Facebook and Apple are expanding their maternity leave policies to include egg freezing and cryopreservation.
Muhammad Ali would have picked the Klitschko brothers apart if he had been in the same league as the legendary boxer, says former WBA heavyweight champion Bill Shavers.
The Bank of England has held its key interest rate at 0.5%.
The 2016 World Series between the Cleveland Indians and Chicago Cubs will be remembered as the most memorable in baseball history.
The UK government has outlined its Brexit programme in the Queen's Speech.
There is a danger the RSPCA will "pick and choose their cases to suit their political and commercial needs", an MP has said.
Google has released a Street View version of its Maps app for the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Tenby Sea Swimming Festival in Gloucestershire.
HSBC has appointed David Tucker as its new chief executive, the bank has announced.
The US will sustain a durable international effort to counter climate change, says its lead negotiator, Dr James Pershing.
Michael Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he went missing from a nightclub.
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK by the end of the year.
A memorial to police officers and staff who have died in the line of duty is to be built at a cost of £4m.
James Whyte and Conor Forsythe scored late goals as Crusaders beat Linfield to reach the Irish Cup semi-finals.
ScotRail has announced plans to create up to 100 new train drivers in Scotland.
The FBI has accused Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak of defrauding millions of dollars from the state investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu hanfon i wahanol lefydd hefyd yn ôl yr angen.
Police in Germany say they are investigating a growing number of fake fathers claiming to be the fathers of migrant children.
Fines for data breaches in the UK have risen by more than 100% in the past year, according to research by PwC.
The Turin Shroud, one of the world's largest public viewings of the shroud, has gone on display in the Italian city.
Plans to charge people from outside the UK for using the NHS in Wales are an "absolute distraction", the health secretary has said.
North Korea has said it carried out a hydrogen bomb test on Wednesday.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of former police and crime commissioner Michael O'Driscoll.
The Scottish government has been accused of a "sham" public engagement period over its named person policy, after the Supreme Court ruled it was unlawful.
Championship side Burnley have signed Everton midfielder James Browning on loan until the end of the season.
Thousands of people from across Scotland are being recruited to take part in a new study into family health.
David is still walking in the streets of Aubervilliers in Paris.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, following the US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged.
Daimler, Germany's second-biggest carmaker, has reported a rise in sales in the second quarter of the year, helped by strong demand in China.
Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said Iran will make "great efforts" to resolve the conflict in Syria.
Nintendo has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles fell.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory at Burton.
It's been a week in which council contractors have been accused of "blundering" their work.
A British aid worker who was beheaded in Afghanistan was killed because a ransom had not been paid, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Caroline Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A High Court judge has ruled that a wind farm in Gwynedd should be given the go-ahead.
China's internet court has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a year.
Samsung C&T, the South Korean conglomerate owned by Samsung Electronics, has been approved by the country's parliament.
A council's plans to sell a statue of an Egyptian court official valued at more than £2m have been put on hold.
Lancashire and Yorkshire will face each other in the first two rounds of the County Championship this summer.
A man has gone on trial accused of murdering a friend by stuffing his body in a suitcase and setting it on fire.
Former UKIP MP Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been charged with fraud and sentenced to two years in prison for inciting violence.
Rangers cruised to a comfortable victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Uganda has said it will withdraw all its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of £5m from the Libor scandal.
A teenager from Exmouth has broken the world record for the fastest single-handed sailor round the Isle of Wight.
Brighton captain Chris Sidwell says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A former health board boss who moved to the UK to get cancer treatment has said it is "distressing" that her treatment is not available in Wales.
Matt Disley's late goal gave Forest Green victory over Grimsby in the National League.
A giant model of the arrangement of atoms in a crystal has been unveiled in London to attempt to break the world record for the largest ever crystal.
Kenneth Starr, the man who led the investigation into Bill Clinton's affair with a young intern, has died at the age of 93.
Belfast's transport minister Simon Hazzard has outlined plans to extend bus lanes in the city.
Donald Trump's election risks driving a wedge between Britain and the EU just when both sides need it most.
Formula 1 teams have said they will not revert to the 2015 elimination system at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Britain's Paul Perry beat Mark Bingham 6-3 to reach the quarter-finals of the UK Championship.
Ukrainian and Russian TV channels have been contrasting their coverage of the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries as Worcestershire fought back on day three against Leicestershire at Edgbaston.
A campaign has been launched in Glasgow to raise awareness of the causes of extremism following the death of shop keeper Mohammad Shah.
Spotify has announced plans to offer non-music content as part of a year-long trial.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Simon Mignolet needs "help from all the players" after the goalkeeper made two mistakes in the 2-2 draw with Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating a Pringles sandwich while on holiday.
A Welsh veteran has written a children's book about the Falklands War to help children cope with life outside the armed forces.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson set a new world record in the long jump to win the European Short Track Championships.
The election of Donald Trump as US president and Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader is a sign of the emergence of a new breed of insurgent politicians.
Southampton have signed midfielder Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has said it is "appalled" by a letter sent to the party's national executive committee over its handling of a row over an AM.
Australian police say they are "very much in the gathering of evidence" over the death of four people in a plane crash in Melbourne.
A Dutch Nazi war criminal has been sentenced to life in prison for killing three Dutch Jews during World War Two.
The body of a Palestinian woman who was badly burned in an arson attack on her home in the occupied West Bank has been returned to Israel.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has been re-elected for a second term in office.
Borrowers are more confident about making repayments on unsecured loans than at any time since the financial crisis, a bank has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
More than 130 jobs have been put at risk by the closure of Glasgow's Arches nightclub, according to the Scottish government.
Lonmin, the world's biggest platinum producer, has announced plans to raise $1.5bn (£1.6bn) in a share sale.
A search is under way for a 17-year-old boy who has gone missing from a Costa coffee shop in Northamptonshire.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed full-back Alex O'Meara on a two-year deal.
Work is under way to repair a railway platform which has been closed for more than a year.
Torquay made it back-to-back National League wins with a 2-0 victory over North Ferriby.
The Foreign Office has said a petition calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union should be considered for a parliamentary debate.
A man who murdered teenager Paige Williams has had his jail term reduced after an appeal against his conviction.
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge to the re-run of a mayoral election.
A prize for funniest children's books is to be revived in a bid to celebrate the life of Roald Dahl.
A Somali government minister has been shot dead by security forces in the capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Huddersfield goalkeeper James Ward says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A Vietnamese man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve may have been murdered, an inquest has heard.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Reading and Wokingham.
Canada's federal government has launched an inquiry into the deaths of indigenous women.
A Kuwaiti man held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released, his lawyer says.
Patients who receive faulty breast implants will be able to trace their use in a new national registry, the NHS has announced.
A self-driving robot has crashed into a building in San Francisco, killing one person and injuring several others.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of indecently assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Bristol.
If you want to be a video game maker, you have to start at the age of 11.
Bob Jungels won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Movistar's Gorka Izagirre retained the overall lead.
The rise in international visitors to the UK has been fuelled by the fall in the value of the pound.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is considering an application to extradite an Irishman accused of inciting violence in Egypt.
A florist has said she is "very annoyed" after receiving hundreds of calls from scammers claiming to be from TalkTalk.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a bill to ban the cross-examination of alleged rape victims in court.
Former Rangers youth coach Paul Durrant has left the club by mutual consent, BBC Scotland has learned.
Arsenal Ladies and Manchester City will meet in the semi-finals of the Women's Super League One play-offs.
Cornish Reds head coach Dave Churcher says his side's front five were key to their victory over Chinnor.
As Wales coach, I am looking forward to the next phase of my career.
A leading candidate in the race to become the next leader of the UK Independence Party has been allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been drawn in the second round of the Nottingham Open.
A van Gogh painting which was hung in Reading as part of an art festival has been described as "not a known work".
A new exhibition celebrating the birth of the first living giraffe in the UK has opened in London.
The European space agency has said it will delay the launch of a robot vehicle on Mars in 2020.
A woman who has epilepsy has been running a marathon for the first time in her life.
Surrey's Liam Davies hit a career-best 43 as they beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's.
Paris railway station has been evacuated after security forces launched an operation to stop a suspected terrorist attack.
Scientists have produced 3D images of cancerous cells growing in the body before spreading to other parts of the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai as monsoon rains continue to batter the city.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are locked in a tight race for the Democratic nomination.
At least 13 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a group of vigilantes in north-eastern Nigeria, an MP has told the BBC.
There are still a few bills to deal with before the general election in May.
It is one of the most iconic buildings in the world.
Jess Ennis-Hill has been described as Britain's greatest ever athlete by her coach Frank Minichiello.
Microsoft and Google have teamed up to build a sub-sea cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day service at Sandringham Church in Norfolk.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he is "not sure" whether he will be extradited to the US.
US researchers have developed tiny wireless devices that can be implanted deep inside the rabbit's body.
Salford Red Devils full-back Tom Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured after a car overturned on the M4 in County Down during freak hail showers.
The Cuban government says it is "disappointed" by President Donald Trump's new policy on relations with the US.
The number of cases of measles in south west Wales has risen to its highest level since 2010, Public Health Wales has said.
A Chinese passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing all 162 people on board.
Two new species of magnolia have been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
Plans to improve the careers of carers in early years have been unveiled by the Welsh government.
A Scottish astronaut has played bagpipes on the International Space Centre.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" when he returns to training on Tuesday.
England Under-19 midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Brondby.
A couple from Falkirk have become the first UK lottery players to claim the £100m Euromillions jackpot.
It's been a day of tragedy in the Belgian capital, Brussels.
A former Soviet army officer has appeared in court in the US in connection with an attack on US troops in Afghanistan.
Plans to turn Perth's former Concert Hall into a hotel have been given "preferred bidder" status.
Mark Macphee is delighted Northern Ireland have beaten Scotland to reach the Euro 2016 group stage.
Badgers in England are to be vaccinated against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
The world's most common urinary catheters should be a state of the art product, according to a leading expert.
Chelsea striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Saturday.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two colognes named after the late revolutionary leaders, Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez.
A Conservative councillor has resigned after a racist tweet was posted on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University needs to address "specific and overarching issues" relating to discrimination, a report has said.
A group of Muslim leaders have visited Auschwitz-Birkenau, one of the world's most notorious concentration camps.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Conwy county.
Formula 1 bosses have announced a series of major changes to their cars and engines for 2017.
A shop in Londonderry has been left "devastated" after a car was stolen from the premises.
A 25-year-old man has been found dead at his home in North Lanarkshire.
The ejector seats of a jet that crashed on to the A27 in East Sussex in August were defective, a report has found.
There was a lot of laughter at the opening ceremony of the UN World Yoga Day in New York.
A collection of photographs from Liverpool's National Museums has been put on display for the first time.
The University of Manchester has announced plans for a new cancer research centre on the site of a hospital in Manchester.
Great Britain won the men's and women's 10,000m races at the Edinburgh International Marathon, with Kenya's Ali Korir winning the women's race.
A fire has broken out at a Grade II listed house in Edinburgh.
Wolves defender Gylfi Bodvarsson says the club's new manager Paul Lambert has given them a "clear message" about what their job is on the field.
The demolition of a derelict factory in Londonderry has begun.
A man who stabbed a disabled man to death before stealing his body has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a fall in half-year profits, blaming "significant progress" in its gaming business.
An event is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich's airport.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing vessel crashed into a wind turbine off the coast of Cumbria.
A toy lion that went missing from a manor has been returned to its owner after it was found in a box on the top floor.
Soldiers spent less than half of their time at the front in World War One, according to new research.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have called for the use of sign language in the general election campaign.
Scientists are hoping to map the brains of babies during the final three months of pregnancy.
Wayne Rooney should remain England captain, says former captain Frank Lampard.
The owner of a shop in County Tyrone has said he is "very lucky" to escape injury after his car crashed into the building.
For many European leaders, the UK's vote to leave the European Union is a referendum on their future.
A man has been charged with murder after a woman was found dead in a street.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work for the family.
Demolition of a Denbighshire hospital could be delayed because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Wednesday as the US Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged.
The former chief executive of Virgin Money, Jayne-Anne Gadhia, is to lead a review of student support funding in Scotland.
SeaWorld has been given permission to expand its Orca Park in San Diego.
It's been another busy day in the English Football League.
Derbyshire have released all three of their players, including James Milnes, Liam McKay and Adam Lewis.
The growth in the number of first-time buyers buying homes in the UK slowed in February, according to surveyors.
The leader of the Welsh Conservative Group has said he is "confident" the public inquiry into the M4 relief road will be held.
A British soldier has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has confirmed.
If you're a new user of Twitter, you'll soon be able to see highlights of what you've missed.
Liverpool reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in their history with victory over Borussia Dortmund at Anfield.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the title track for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Northern Ireland's first minister has said she will take legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive's chief executive.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by a shipping company.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should be banned for life for using anabolic steroids, says former world champion Martina Minichiello.
Girls and boys are being invited to sing in Gloucester Cathedral for the first time.
Great Britain's women suffered a 2-2 defeat by North Korea in their opening game of the Women's EuroHockey Championship in Bucharest.
Haiti is still reeling from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew.
Skyscanner has reported record revenues for 2015, helped by a rise in the number of people using its website on mobile devices.
The first all-new car factory in the West Midlands has opened.
A third man has been arrested in connection with a shooting in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the significance of the United Nations.
The value of the pound has fallen sharply in the wake of the EU referendum.
A new distillery is to open in Dumfries and Galloway.
BBC Radio 1 is to launch a new radio version of its Official Chart Show in May.
Tens of thousands of people are dying every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will be "the dominant force" in tennis going forward if he stays fit and healthy, says former world number one Paul Henman.
Michael Higgins won the World Championship for the first time in his career with a 10-6 victory over Mark Bingham.
Sleep deprivation is a serious problem for young people in the UK, according to a study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has been greeted by police on his first day in office.
A former Charlton Athletic scout has said he was sexually abused by a scout in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes have been submitted to Powys council.
Newcastle United striker Jonny Evans and Newcastle midfielder N'Golo Cisse could face up to a three-match ban for spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy has died after suffering a head injury at a party in south London.
Cardiff City midfielder David Hoilett says he was "100% ready" to work under new manager Neil Warnock.
The RMT union has said any notion that ScotRail profits are being siphoned off is "quite simply a fallacy".
Former Ireland batsman Kate Shillington has announced her retirement from one-day internationals.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been criticised by former players and fans for his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Manchester United.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) offered no evidence in 70% of dropped Crown Court cases in England and Wales last year, new figures show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four out of seven health boards in Wales are facing a deficit of more than £150m, according to the latest figures from the Welsh Government.
South African gymnast James MacKenzie says his decision to return to the country for the Rio Olympics will open a new chapter in his career.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after another woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected in April.
A man accused of killing a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in Iraq, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling will be offered a new contract "over the course of the summer".
It's been a busy week for the weather in the UK.
A minimum price of 45p per unit of alcohol should be introduced in England and Wales to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, a public health review says.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show after more than 20 years in the job.
The Scottish government has made payments totalling Â£343m to farmers and crofters, the agriculture minister has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Cymru have been banned from teaching after being convicted of child abuse and other misconduct, figures show.
Fans of Nintendo's Switch console have complained of "stuck or dead pixels" in the middle of the screen, the company has said.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the IBF world featherweight title at the end of the month.
A bus lane in Lancashire is to stay open until a review is carried out, the county council has said.
Sean Ervine hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset dominated day two against Hampshire at Taunton.
Photographer Stella O'Connell has been photographing the country of Saudi Arabia for more than a year.
More than 5% of people accessing Google every day have been caught out by malicious extensions, according to research.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no desire" to revisit the question of becoming a republic.
Newcastle midfielder Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as the Magpies beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Boxing is a sport that is meant to inspire, inspire and inspire.
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn are both on the front line in the general election.
A film of the life of a Tibetan monk has been screened in Dumfries.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for the elderly in England.
A teenager accused of killing a woman by riding a "fixie" has said he "will not bother saying she deserved it", a court has heard.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a tumble dryer fire has heard there is "no compelling evidence" it started.
The US Navy has banned all personnel from leaving its base in Okinawa, Japan, after a female officer was allegedly drink-driving.
The House of Commons has elected a new Speaker, John Bercow, and the Conservatives have the numbers.
Gangnam Style has become the most-watched video on YouTube, thanks to a change in its video counter.
Widnes Vikings moved up to second in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers.
A Ukrainian couple have given birth to a baby using DNA from three people, according to reports.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been placed in special measures following a review of their services.
Gareth O'Brien's late drop-goal gave Salford victory over Hull KR in the Challenge Cup final.
For 10-year-old Chilla, the school she attended in Indonesia was the latest in a series of schools being threatened with closure.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One after being held to a draw by Nottingham Forest.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables they have not tried at home, a survey suggests.
A man has died after his light aircraft crashed into a garden in Stoke-on-Trent.
A captain of a container ship has been found guilty of having excess alcohol while on duty.
The candidates vying to be the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have a wide range of personalities.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran, following a diplomatic row with the country over its nuclear programme.
Cambridge and Stevenage played out a goalless draw in League Two.
Star Wars actor Harrison Davis has said he is "shocked" after his caravan was stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to speak at a charity dinner in Edinburgh later this month.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that a ban on the wearing of full face veils in Belgium was justifiable.
A man has appeared in court charged with offensive behaviour at Celtic's Scottish Cup win over Rangers.
Footage has emerged of a shopper hitting a woman with a packet of bacon in Greater Manchester.
At a house in La Paz in Bolivia's north-eastern state of Bolivia, the film-maker Maria Cappa found a box of film fragments.
The US Federal Reserve has said it will raise interest rates by 0.25% in December.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has been asked to stand down as the party's candidate in the general election.
Do you know what it takes to become a WWE Superstar?
Vietnam's Flappy Bird has become one of the most popular mobile games of the year.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Brighton to protest against the rising number of people drowning on the water.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship to help the Queen in her duties as head of state of the Caribbean.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Milos Raonic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
The trial of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has begun in the capital, Pretoria, of whether or not he was wearing his prosthetic limbs.
The World War Two conflict in Northern Ireland was one of the most devastating in the history of the world.